{"city": "indore", "code": "15499971", "title": "Indore youth redefine freedom", "text": "INDORE: Its time 'independence' is redefined. As India celebrates its 66th Independence Day, Indore youngsters feel they can not enjoy the 'freedom' for which the freedom fighters had laid their lives for.Abhishek Vyas, 20-year-old engineer feels that burden of poverty and unemployment has reduced the youth to slaves of the old days. \"Rural India still has the social evil of addiction to country liquor leading to number of deaths everyday, government benefits reaches to someone else other than beneficiaries.\" He added, \"We don't have political leaders who are not involved in some scam or the other whom we can vote. These leaders can not fulfill our expectations. India still needs years to get freedom that the freedom strugglers dreamt of.\"Mayur Gehlot, an 18-year-old engineering student, says, \"Even at educational institutes, we have to go through manipulations in our results. To get good score and placements, we have to run after the professors concerned. This is no freedom where we cannot even express our opinions.\"Samridhi Mitra, an 18-year-old engineering student, says, \"Girls still happen to be treated as inferior sex. Undue restrictions are imposed on us. Even in cases where girls are victims, they are treated as the accused. Gender discrimination in every sector is common. Moreover, the problem of eve teasing further makes our lives miserable. There is no sense of security. Is this the freedom we celebrate?\"Pankaj Dubey, an IT professional says, \"You need to have 'jacks' right from getting a registration for an organization to getting a contract in a company. Movements like the one started by Anna Hazare revived some hopes but nothing fruitful come out.\"Sampriti Sharma, an advertising professional, says, \"We can not assure that the food we are having is not adulterated. Even health facilities are either not up-to-date or are too expensive. Secondly, we still have to depend on foreign countries for our defence ammunition requirements. We do have the ability and manpower to excel and progress but because of slackness on the part of the governments, things are not improving. We indeed need a revolution to make India a better place.\"Ritika Bharadwaj, a final year student of Biotechnology, says, \"A large number of talented people are still underpaid in the country. We also are far behind when it comes to world class research facilities and tools. No wonder brain-drain still continues in search of greener pastures abroad even when we are marching towards India 2020. \"Sara Iqbal, a Law student, says, \"Actually freedom as such has a limited meaning in the country. We are free, so to say, but our actions and choices are dominated by factors like religions and regions.\"Tripti Gupta, a student of Economics, \"In the true spirit, we are not free. It will take a painfully long time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "karachi", "code": "15504245", "title": "Haider threatens to name Pak players involved in spot-fixing", "text": "KARACHI: Pakistan's discarded wicketkeeper, Zulqarnain Haider has once again threatened to make some revelations about the alleged involvement of a few Pakistani players in spot-fixing.In a message posted on his facebook account, Haider criticised the selection of wicketkeeper Kamran Akmal in the national team for the series against Australia and the ICC Twenty20 World Cup in Sri Lanka.\"The fact is that Kamran has not yet been cleared by the ICC of wrong doing and has only been cleared by the national selectors and Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB),\" Haider claimed.\"If he has any clearance letter from the ICC he should show it publicly and if he doesn't do that then I will be forced to come out with the truth,\" he added.Haider, who scored 84 on his Test debut against England in 2010 when Kamran was injured, said he would make some startling revelations about the involvement of some players in spot-fixing if Kamran didn't show his clearance letter.Stating that he was forced to post his feelings as he wanted Pakistan cricket be clean and clear of corruption, Haider said: \"I have said what is in my mind and until now I have kept quiet in the hope that the Pakistan board will not allow players with question marks surrounding their performances to play again.\"Haider also told a Pakistani television channel that chief selector Iqbal Qasim headed the same department (National Bank) for which Kamran played.\"That is why he has recalled Kamran and this should be investigated,\" Haider added.Pakistan's three banned players -- Salman Butt , Mohammad Aamer and Mohammad Asif -- who were jailed for spot-fixing last year have also played for National bank in domestic cricket.Meanwhile, according to sources, the PCB was looking into the latest statement by Haider and was not happy with him.\"It had told him to refrain from making statements while pardoning him last year and some disciplinary action could be taken against him,\" the source said.The PCB chairman, Zaka Ashraf had claimed in a television interview that Kamran was picked in the team after the board sought advice from the ICC on his clearance.The ICC, however, made it clear that it had issued no clearance for Kamran and his selection was purely an internal matter of the PCB.Kamran was picked in the Pakistan squad last month for the Twenty20 matches. And on last Monday the selectors also included him in the one-day squad in place of Sarfraz Ahmed.The experienced keeper was sidelined from the national team for about an year and a half after last appearing in the 2011 World Cup. His name was also mentioned in the spot-fixing trial held in London last year.Kamran, who is currently in Sri Lanka playing in the country's premier league when contacted, refused to comment on Haider's latest outburst.\"I have been selected in the Pakistan team and my focus right now is on just performing for my country,\" said Akmal.Haider, in November 2010, had created a huge controversy in Pakistan cricket when he fled from the team hotel in Dubai and flew to London where he claimed political asylum.The wicketkeeper had later said that he was forced to flee the hotel after being threatened by a bookmaker who wanted him to fix matches of the one-day series against South Africa in which he featured.In early 2011, Haider returned to Pakistan on the assurances of interior minister, Rehman Malik who said he and his family would be provided all security in Pakistan.The PCB also after fining him, cleared him to play domestic cricket and last season he resumed his first class cricket career.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15497579", "title": "DC mess: IPL governing council gives team 14-day deadline", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after TOI reported how the owners of IPL franchisee Deccan Chargers (DC) had mortgaged their team to two private banks to overcome their financial crisis, the IPL governing council (GC) on Tuesday issued a 14-day ultimatum to the owners, asking them to sort out the problems. Representatives of the franchisee and two banks' representatives presented their case at the hurriedly-called meeting of the governing council in the Capital on Tuesday evening.The banks now want stake in the team which is not permissible according to the IPL rules. A source close to the development said if the situation was not sorted out within the given time, the Indian board will be forced to take action. Both parties were unwilling to talk on the issue.\"The Indian cricket board doesn't permit any IPL owner to mortgage his/her team in order to raise funds from financial bodies. As per IPL regulations, it is absolutely prohibited. Still, the team owners went ahead and did it. The IPL has taken a note of this and will take appropriate action if needed,\" a source told TOI.Another source revealed that the IPL GC has also issued a notice to the Chargers, asking them to submit their financial irregularities. DC owners owe Rs 650 crore to two private banks.It was also learnt that Chargers are yet to play 85 per cent of players' salary for IPL Season V held earlier this year. Fifteen per cent of the salary was paid during the IPL as per the rule. By this time, the franchisee should have paid 65 per cent of players' fee, which they haven't. The IPL has also taken a note of this.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15498739", "title": "Police hum and haw in reply to workers' appeal", "text": "GURGAON: The special investigation team (SIT) has arrested one more accused person in the case related to the July 18 violence at Maruti's Manesar plant. With this, the total number of arrested in the case rose to 144.Late on Monday night, the SIT arrested one worker of the Manesar plant. The accused was identified as Subhash, resident of Samalakha village in Panipat district. Police produced him before a city court on Tuesday and he was sent in 14 days' judicial custody to Bhondsi jail.Meanwhile, in their reply to workers' petitions, the Manesar police did not provide the list of workers who were at work on the day of the violence.\"Police have failed to provide the attendance details for a third time, but on Thursday, August 16, we will demand the list again in court,\" said Rajendra Pathak, labour adviser and counsel of the arrested %workers.The petitions will come up for hearing again on Thursday. On Tuesday police gave an incomplete reply in court saying that they cannot provide the list of workers who were on duty on the day of the violence, because the investigation was under way. \"Police have given a routine reply and not the one sought by the workers,\" Pathak said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15503507", "title": "Mamata asks Maoists to return to mainstream", "text": "KOLKATA: West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Wednesday asked the Maoists to return to the mainstream and assured the rebels that the state government would make all arrangements for their rehabilitation.\"Maoists should return to the mainstream of life and our government will make all arrangements for their rehabilitation, including jobs,\" Mamata said in her Independence Day address.Dwelling on the overall success her government has achieved in the last one year and three months of coming to power, the CM said she is committed to restore the lost glory of Bengal for which they have already adapted several schemes to ensure economic prosperity and industrial development.Claiming that law and order was well under control in her regime, Banerjee, who also looks after the Home department, warned the administration would not tolerate any bid to ferment riots and urged all to cooperate with the administration in this regard.\"Rioting will never be tolerated and the administration will take all steps to suppress any such move. Riot is a dangerous menace and nobody should indulge in it,\" she said in reference to the recent ethnic violence in the neighbouring Assam where several people were killed.Condemning atrocities on women and reported incidents of rape and crime in the state, Mamata said, \"Lets take a vow on this auspicious day of Independence Day that we will sternly deal with murder, rape, atrocities, particularly on women.She also said that there should be no slander campaign against the state, which is committed to bring about overall development and peace.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "kishanganj", "code": "15500127", "title": "Patriotism still on his mind, says freedom fighter Parimal Das", "text": "KISHANGANJ: He is not exactly the typecast kind of a freedom fighter, though like many of his ilk he remains virtually unsung and lost in wilderness.He pulled down the Union Jack at the civil court at Bankipore in Patna and unfurled the tri-colour when he was barely 13 on December 3, 1943, which incidentally is also the birthday of Independent India's first President Dr Rajendra Prasad .Parimal Das, along with his school mates, Brahmdeo Singh and Mohit Lal, were immediately taken to Pirmohani police station in Patna for his audacity and outrageous act. They were, however, let off as they were still minors, remembers Das.In all, 33 alumni of Purnia Zila School, where Parimal Das was admitted, had gone to Patna in the winter of 1943, when a strong wave of freedom struggle devastatingly swept through the country. \"How could we remain unaffected though we were too young,\" quipped Das.\"Not only my father Garib Das and two elder brothers--Raghav Das and Anurag Das--and brother-in-law Anup Lal were indomitable freedom fighters, but even our 'munshi' and domestic servants were greatly touched by the patriotic fervour\", says 83-year-old Parimal Das, a native of village Khajuri in Araria district.My father and brothers were often incarcerated for violent activities and spent long stints in jail. \"Though I also vandalized government property and took part in violent political activities, I could always escape the prison walls,\" he says with a tinge of sadness and pang. He was immensely inspired by the overflowing patriotic zeal and revolutionary fervour of local leaders like Phanishwar Nath Renu, Bhola Paswan Shashtri and others. A graduate from BHU, classical songs were another forte of this young revolutionary. While still bubbling with indomitable spirit for country's emancipation from the British's yoke, he continued to pursue his passion for classical songs as well. While in Benaras, he received training in classical songs from great exponent of classical songs Pandit Onkar Nath. \"He has also groomed and honed the budding talents in and around his home district and devoted his leisure hours in cultivating this passion,\" says JP Vichar Manch secretary Ajay Akela. In the twilight of his life, Das has not lost his love for the country, and continues as a social activist and lends unequivocal support for the rightful public cause. He was never granted the freedom fighter's pension as he was never jailed .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15504052", "title": "Movies and masti at this do", "text": "It's not all work and no party for those attending the International Green Screen Lab-2012. The mentors and the budding script writers let their hair down at a party that was organized on Sunday evening.And boy! These guys know how to enjoy themselves after a hard day's work. \"After keeping a tight schedule at the workshop, we decided to just chill out. It was great fun,\" said screen writer Domnik.Mentor Sanjay Chouhan was the heart of the party as he made sure that everyone was kept in good humour. \"Though I am not a newcomer to the city, it's really nice to be partying with everyone,\" Sanjay said.In between all the fun, Tannishtha Chatterjee took time out for a brief session with the actors. Director Arend Agthe interacted with the other participants of the lab. Young Odia actor Anubha Shourya was also spotted at the do along with Sunny, Shree and Varun.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15497971", "title": "Why didn\u2019t witness name me 27 years ago, asks Sajjan Kumar", "text": "NEW DELHI: Veteran Congress leader Sajjan Kumar , facing trial in a 1984 anti-Sikh riots case, on Tuesday questioned why the key witness did not take his name before a judicial commission when she first gave her statement 27 years ago.Continuing the final arguments in the case before the trial court, advocate I U Khan, appearing for Kumar, said his name did not figure in the complaints and statements of witness Jagdish Kaur who was one of the victims of the riots. He said she had not made any statement against Kumar before the Ranganath Mishra Commission in 1985 and the first statement against him was made before the G T Nanavati Commission in 2000. Both the commissions had gone into the sequence of events leading to the anti-Sikh riots after the assassination of the then Prime Minister Indira Gandhi on October 31, 1984.\"Sajjan Kumar is named as the main accused in this case but Jagdish Kaur did not name him before the Ranganath Mishra Commission in 1985. Kumar's name surfaced for the first time in 2000 before the Nanavati Commission,\" Khan said.He argued that no witness came forward to depose anything against Kumar till 2000 before various commissions but as soon as the case went to CBI, they all came forward. \"...the witnesses were sleeping. They woke up only when the case was transferred to CBI,\" Khan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15499527", "title": "Rajasthan minister wants tiger tourism to continue", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rajasthan's environment and forests minister Bina Kak has written to National Advisory Council chairperson Sonia Gandhi asking that the Union government advocate the case for continuing tourism in tiger breeding areas in the ongoing litigation in Supreme Court.At the same time, in another letter to the NAC chief, Kak sought over Rs 200 crore to remove 2,306 families to create inviolate space (free of human presence) for tigers of Ranthambore Tiger Reserve.The twin missives to the NAC chairperson come at a time when the environment ministry has submitted guidelines to the Supreme Court recommending that tourism in the core of tiger reserves \u2014 especially where villagers and tribals have been displaced to create inviolate spaces \u2014 be removed within the next five years in keeping with the Wildlife Protection Act.Ranthambore and Sariska tiger reserves in Rajasthan are two of the most prominent tiger-tourism sites in north India with some of the bigwigs of the eco-tourism industry operating here.Kak said in her letter that tiger tourism was essential for the preservation of forests and wildlife and generated income for a large number of people who lived on the fringes of the national parks and sanctuaries directly and indirectly.The SC has ordered a temporary ban on tourism in the core of tiger reserves and asked state governments to respond to the Union environment ministry's guidelines which laid down the ground rules for tourism in and around tiger reserves and other national parks and sanctuaries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15500488", "title": "Security beefed up ahead of Independence Day", "text": "VADODARA: Additional security measures have been put in place for Independence Day as the state has been put on high alert. While security is beefed up every year ahead of the I-day, this year the cops are seen patrolling virtually in every area of the city.Barricades have been put in busy areas to slow down vehicles and four-wheelers are being checked randomly.Police commissioner Satish Sharma said that all the staff from the police stations has been mobilized for the security. Leaves of the policemen have been cancelled and they have been directed to be on roads all day. The police department is keeping eye on 49 points in different areas.To ensure that the police teams are carrying out their duties properly, Sharma had sent decoy teams that passed through barricades.\"We found lax security at one point as the decoy officer managed to pass with a weapon. The police team posted there will be penalized. Teams doing their job efficiently will be rewarded,\" Sharma added.At some busy areas like Nizampura circle, the barricades kept by the cops were visible but there were no policemen posted there to check vehicles.Security has been tightened at the Vadodara airport too. Also, the vital installations like Indian Oil Corporation ( IOC ), ONGC and Gujarat State Fertilizer Corporation (GSFC) have been asked to be on alert.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15501668", "title": "Google's Independence Day India doodle", "text": "NEW DELHI: Google on Wednesday celebrated India's 65th Independence Day with a beautiful and attractive doodle. The Independence Day India doodle is displayed to mark and commemorate the historic day of the world's largest democratic country when it achieved independence from the British rule.The Independence Day India doodle showcases a male peacock with its tail.The peacock in the doodle forms the letter 'G' of the Google logo.The remaining letters of Google logo are also seen designed and coloured in yellow ochre and blue.The Independence Day of India is celebrated every year on August 15th to commemorate its independence from the British rule and also its birth as a sovereign nation. India became independent on August 15, 1947.On this day, Indians pay tribute to those selfless people who fought and laid their precious lives to make India free from the British rule by offering prayers and holding various activities.This historic event is celebrated with flag-hoisting ceremonies and several events. Indians on this day rejoice by enjoying patriotic songs and hoisting the national flag.In New Delhi, the Independence Day is observed with the flagship event that takes place every year at the Red Fort where the Prime Minister hoists the national flag and addresses the nation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "dimapur", "code": "15498052", "title": "NSCN factions express dismay over joint legislative forum decision", "text": "DIMAPUR: The NSCN factions have expressed dismay over the decision of Joint Legislative Forum (JLF) of Nagaland assembly to vacate their positions if an alternative arrangement comes out of the talks between the Centre and NSCN (IM).In separate statements, both the groups sought an explanation from JLF on its resolution. Recently, 60 MLAs of Nagaland went to New Delhi and impressed upon the central leaders that they are ready to step down if there is a solution to the ongoing Naga peace talks.In a statement, NSCN (Khole-Kitovi) said, \"Whether it was an erroneous choice of words or deliberate attempt to demean the Naga political struggle, JLF owes an explanation to the people of Nagaland because there has never been a question of alternative arrangement at any point of time. We are pursuing an honorable and acceptable political settlement with New Delhi.\"The outfit maintained that all 60 members are elected from Nagaland and they are supposed to do everything good for the betterment of people who elected them. \"The alternative arrangement has nothing to do with the people who elected them. As Nagas, we all express our solidarity for our Naga brothers and sisters anywhere but to reduce present Nagaland into the so-called alternative arrangement status is something Nagas will vehemently oppose,\" it declared.NSCN (Khole-Kitovi) said the social and economic discrimination of Nagas living in Manipur by the dominant Meitei community has compelled the Nagas there to seek an \"alternative political arrangement\", which will be a fulfillment of Naga people's aspirations in Manipur.But for the people of Manipur, there has never been a question of alternative arrangement at any point of time.Referring to home minister Imkong Imchen's statement on August 2, calling upon the people to support the alternative arrangement which is an assembly resolution, NSCN (Khole-Kitovi) said it is not sure about it.In another statement, NSCN (Khaplang) said, \"It is expected of the highly respected MLAs to go by the people's mandate and not by a factional solution, which is detrimental and will further create a rift between different Naga political groups instead of bringing a solution.\"Questioning the Naga legislators on how much they have consulted other factions and its leaders before taking such a step, NSCN (K) said the MLAs are expected not to favour any faction but to take into confidence all the parties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15447325", "title": "Independence Day: Celebs on 65 years of India's independence", "text": "As we ready to celebrate the 65th year of independence, TOI gets celebs to suggest symbols to represent the new India.Gone are the days of associating India with snake charmers and elephants. As the nation is poised to celebrate 65 years of freedom, it's also time to search for alternative symbols to represent our country. Not cliches but something more meaningful that expresses both the anarchy and the ecstasy associated with living in this country. TOI get talking to celebs to think of their images for a new India.Shubha Mudgal, Vocalist The singlemost important image of contemporary India is that of our Parliament. It represents our democracy. But behaviour of our legislators inside the Parliament shows what kind of a democracy we have. There is so much of verbal violence. Our leaders have complete disregard for the fact that their chaos is being seen on live television. If our politicians have no shame in showing this face to the outside world, why should I want to hide it as a symbol of our country? Tagline: Anarchy in democracyBharat Dabholkar, Adman My India can be best expressed by a giant elephant being weighed down by politicians and corruption and how despite all that, it marches ahead with a lot of pride. Good or bad, right or wrong, I am proud of my nation. In a patriotic video on India, I would show all the good things of India, including the landscapes, the space programmes, education reaching the smallest of the small villages and the international awards. In the background, I'd want rousing music like that of the Rocky film theme with Indian flavour. Tagline: Heaven on earthBickram Ghosh , Percussionist India is going through a process of change. It might be slow but being an eternal optimist, I am happy with that. While the middle class has progressed a lot and enjoys far more creature comforts than what it did a decade back, rural India remains largely deprived. There are many Indias in our country. Hence, my metaphor would try to capture the flux. I've tried to depict this changing face of India through the video of my album that is an interpretation of \"Vande Mataram\". For me, an image of India would be that of a revolving globe with a person trying to pinpoint where exactly India is. He can miss it at times and also be able to locate it. Tagline: India in FluxTanushree Dutta , Actor India is a country that's embracing modernity and has yet retained its earthy identity. I was in the US recently and I was told that my country is the only place where you will get to see a cow and a Cadillac side by side. That, I think, is the correct representation of India of today. There are malls and multiplexes and yet, there is a section of society that's below poverty line. Tagline: Where opulence meets minimalismNawazuddin Siddiqui, Actor Though we live in free India, I think we aren't completely independent. Our freedom of expression is often curbed and in every field of professional life, we live with the fear. Woh toh bade log hai \u2014 that's always an apprehension. In the film industry, why do we have to live with the belief that films only starring superstars will work? We need to think beyond. Contemporary India can be best expressed by an image of a man trying to remove a band-aid that seals his lips. Tagline: Let's break free", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15505594", "title": "Bangalore to host Healthex International 2012", "text": "BANGALORE: The Right to Healthcare (RTH) legislation, likely to be introduced by the Centre in a couple of years, will transform the healthcare scenario in India, said Dr Devi Prasad Shetty, chairman, Narayana Hrudayalaya. He was speaking as chairman of Healthex International 2012, a three-day exhibition and conference on various wings of the healthcare sector scheduled in Bangalore from September 7.\"The RTH Act, if legislated in next two years, will force the government to provide good and affordable healthcare to all, especially the poor and rural citizens. It will provide an opportunity to slum-dwellers to access hi-tech healthcare facilities with dignity. It will also bring in a system to protect the rights of patients,\" he explained.Dr Shetty said the central government, which is spending just 1% of its GDP on healthcare every year, need to increase it to 4-5%. \"The government has to become a dominant player. We need at least two to three million more beds in hospitals and one million more doctors. For that the government needs to build more medical colleges so that people in rural areas can access good medical facilities,\" he said.\"If we want to provide affordable healthcare facilities to all, we need more human skills, doctors and latest technologies. For this we need more exhibitions and conferences, which will bring all the hospitals and healthcare industries under one roof ,\" said Dr Shetty.What is Healthex 2012?Healthex International 2012 will be held at Bangalore International Exhibition Centre (BIEC) on Tumkur Road. It will feature a range of equipment, materials, services, processes, systems, components, and consumables for medical surgeries, hospitals, clinics and diagnostic centres. It will also have a concurrent conference and exhibition, Dentacon 2012, a forum on innovative trends and practices in the dental industry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15499339", "title": "UGC lists norms for tie-ups with foreign varsities", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the foreign educational providers Bill put on hold, University Grants Commission ( UGC) has finalized regulations through which foreign institutions would be able to come to India in collaboration, partnership or in twinning arrangement with local educational institutions.The regulations, to be notified shortly, mandate that only those foreign institutions would be allowed who are among the top 500 institutions in the world as per Times Higher Education's world university ranking or the Academic Ranking of World Universities of Shanghai Jiao Tong University.Foreign institutions would have to ensure that courses offered by them are in conformity with the standards set by Indian regulatory bodies.Indian partners of foreign educational institutions are mandated to have accreditation by National Assessment and Accreditation Council with an A or an equivalent grade.However, Indian educational institutions run by Centre, state or Union Territory administration would be free from mandatory accreditation.Indian collaborators would require at least five years experience of offering education at post-graduate level. Again, government educational institutions have been exempted.In case an Indian educational institution is affiliated to a university it would need its approval before collaborating with foreign institutions.Also, the new entity borne out of collaboration is barred from teaching anything against national security and territorial integrity.Institutions would also have to abide by regulations of Indian government and in case where foreign exchange is involved they would have to follow regulations of Reserve Bank of India. UGC's approval would be for five years, but it can review the progress and then extend or withdraw approval or even impose new conditions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15498111", "title": "ITIs asked to augment infrastructure", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The government has warned 192 private ITIs to develop infrastructure or else the admissions of 10,000 students admitted this year will be cancelled.\"We will give them permission for admission after they submit an undertaking that they will improve infrastructure and comply them within stipulated time,\" said C S Kumar, commissioner-cum-secretary of department of employment and technical education and training.The directive came after members of Odisha Private ITI Association met government officials on Monday urging them to give permission for admission. \"The state government had conducted a survey in June 2011 and acted upon it after the admission process in all these ITIs was over on July 31, as per the DTET calendar. Though the letters were issued on July 31, these reached colleges after one week. The government had acted beyond its jurisdiction as the affiliation to these institutions was given by the National Council for Vocational Training and Directorate of Technical Education and Training,\" said Rajkishore Sahu, president of Odisha Private ITIs Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "beijing/moscow", "code": "15503828", "title": "Indians across world celebrate Independence Day with gusto", "text": "BEIJING/MOSCOW: Indians across the globe donned patriotic colours as they celebrated the country's 66th Independence Day on Wednesday, unfurling the national tricolour and organising a series of cultural events to mark the occasion.Indian ambassador to China S Jaishankar hoisted the tricolour at the mission's newly constructed building in Beijing in the presence of a large number of Indian professionals and their families.He then read out President Pranab Mukherjee's address to the gathering which was followed by cultural programmes.In Russia, the celebrations in Moscow commenced with the unfurling of the national flag by Indian envoy Ajai Malhotra.This was followed by the singing of patriotic songs by school children from the Embassy of India School, Moscow. Several hundred members of the Indian community in Moscow and friends of India took part in the function at the Embassy, showing their love and respect for their motherland.As part of the Independence Day celebrations a special presentation by the 'Karnatriix' music group from India will be held later on Wednesday evening in Moscow.Similar celebratory functions were also held at the Indian Consulates General in St. Petersburg and Vladivostok, besides other venues across Russia.In Sri Lanka, high commissioner Ashok K Kantha hoisted the national flag at the mission's premises in Colombo in presence of a large number of audience.In Nepal, ambassador Jayant Prasad hoisted the tricolour at a function held at the premises of the Indian embassy in Kathmandu. The event was attended by diplomats, members of business community, mediapersons, students and a large number of Indian citizens residing in Nepal.India also gifted 20 ambulances and four buses to Nepal's different organisations and schools. India also donated books to 25 educational institutions and training institutions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15499694", "title": "Muthoot Finance to double MT business", "text": "KOCHI: Muthoot Finance Ltd , which boasts of a network of 3,800 money transfer outlets across the country, is planning to double its pay outs during the current fiscal year.\"We had pay outs for Rs 3,500 crore last year and hopes to double it during the fiscal 2012 - 2013,\" said K R Bijumon, chief operating officer for global operations of the Kerala-based company. He was talking to the reporters in Kochi on Tuesday after launching the company's Onam offers for the customers.\"We are currently doing 1.2 - 1.5 lakh money transfers through our branches every month. Of this, 1 lakh transactions are happening in Kerala,\" Bijumon said.\"During the last fiscal year, $65 billion was the inflow of remittances to the country, of which 75% was through banks and the remaining was through money transfer route. Among the money transfer companies, we are the second largest player in the country, with India Post taking the lead position,\" he added.Bijumon also said the rupee depreciation has increased the demand for money transfers among Indians working in the Middle East.\"We have noticed a 20% increase in the overall number of remittances after the rupee depreciation,\" he said. The Middle East accounts for 60% of the total business of the money transfer business of the company. Among the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) countries, Saudi Arabia is the major source of remittances flowing to India, said Bijumon.Muthoot Finance is offering assured gifts to all its money transfer customers in Kerala during the Ramzan and Onam season. The campaign, which starts on August 16, will end on August 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15501797", "title": "John\u2019s London dreams", "text": "The actor is scouting for commercial space in the city to launch the overseas wing of his production house For most actors, crossing over to production has been a relatively rough ride. But for John Abraham , the shift was smoother. And now, the actor is ready to flex some business muscle. Having received a positive overseas response to his maiden production Vicky Donor , John has now decided to open an office in London. And thus, when an opportunity presented itself, he dropped everything and hurried off to the city to finalise a commercial space in Central London, where realty prices have gone up by 10 per cent this year and have been on an upswing since July. According to a source close to the actor, John had been eyeing not one but a few properties to set up the overseas wing of his production house. \"He had an option of leasing the property. But since he is very serious about his business, he decided to invest in the property instead. However, buying office space in London is just the beginning of his bigger plans,\" added the source. Perhaps it is John's marketing degree that adds to his business acumen. \"He began with doing a thorough research of the London property market. He has been a management student and plans every move systematically. He chose London since as an actor he often travels there. John realised that he would be able to keep a tab on the business this way,\" the source told TOI.In fact, as we speak, John is busy finalising the deal. He has also identified people in his team to spearhead the operations there, and a formal annoucnement is expected sometime soon. \"John wants to start operations from London in a month,\" added the source. When we tried to get in touch , John remained unavailable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15498148", "title": "BJD appoints parliamentary party leader", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Sashi Bhushan Behera will be the new BJD Parliamentary Party leader in the Rajya Sabha. BJD president and chief minister Naveen Patnaik on Tuesday announced Behera's appointment after a meeting of his party MPs at Naveen Niwas here.The post of BJD Parliamentary Party leader in Rajya Sabha fell vacant following the resignation of Pyarimohan Mohapatra, who was suspended from the party for his May 29 alleged conspiracy to dislodge Naveen.Naveen said Mangala Kishan will continue as party chief whip in the Rajya Sabha and Renubala Pradhan has been appointed as the party secretary in the Rajya Sabha.Soon after his new appointment, Behera said he would raise voice for every interest of the state in the Rajya Sabha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15497977", "title": "No bar on hiring of locals, says Maruti chief", "text": "GURGAON: Days before Maruti Suzuki India Ltd's (MSIL) Manesar plant is scheduled to become operational, the MSIL chairman said that there was no \"cap\" on hiring \"locals\" at both their Gurgaon and Manesar plants. R C Bhargava's statement comes against the backdrop of the reality of there being barely any skilled labourer on the company's rolls from the southern Haryana belt.This has been openly spoken about by villagers and locals in and around the Manesar plant and was also widely criticized by the mahapanchayat held in July in Dhana village after the Manesar plant violence. Though the villagers supported Maruti, panchayats expressed their unhappiness over local youths not being \"hired\" despite assurances to the contrary by local and state-level politicians.\"Though I have not been directly involved in the hiring, my understanding is that there is no rule which prevents the hiring of locals in the Gurgaon or Manesar plants,\" said Maruti Suzuki chairman R C Bhargava. There has always been resentment among the locals who say they were promised jobs in the industrial belt when the state acquired their lands at compensation rates which were less than the market rates.When asked if the management has decided on any conclusive \"action\" against defaulters in the July 18 violence at Manesar, Bhargava said they had put in place means to \"facilitate communication\" between workers and the management. \"However, till the end we never thought that people whom the management was engaging in talks would take to such violent means,\" he added. Meanwhile, sources said, the fully robotic plant B in Manesar would be made operational in the first stage where car bodies will be made while the assembling will take place in the Gurgaon plant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15501705", "title": "After openly abetting corruption, UP CM Akhilesh Yadav's uncle Shivpal threatens mediapersons", "text": "LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh (UP) public works department (PWD) minister Shivpal Singh, who was recently caught on camera openly abetting corruption, has now publicly threatened mediapersons.Shivpal Singh asked mediapersons to come only when they are invited otherwise he would have them arrested and put into jail for uninvited presence.Shivpal, who is uncle of chief minister Akhilesh Yadav and brother of the ruling Samajwadi Party president Mulayam Singh Yadav , was in his hometown Etawah on Tuesday. The mediapersons had gathered outside the venue where Shivpal held a meeting and heard problems of the people. He was on his way out, when some mediapersons asked him to react on a issue. Shivpal overlooked the request. However, when mediapersons insisted, he threatened to have them arrested.A visibly irritated, Shivpal said that whenever he has something to say, he calls a press conference. He said that he does not like mediapersons coming without invitation at every place and thrust the mike before him. \"Come only when I call a press conference. If you will come uninvited, I would get you arrested,\" he said.The PWD minister is angry with media because recently he was caught on camera telling officers that they can steal a little from the amount sanctioned for the projects, if they worked hard to implement them. Shivpal was addressing officers in a closed-door meeting in Etah on August 9, when a mediaperson sneaked inside and shot the video footage that showed the minister telling officers \"if you work hard, you can steal a little but don't loot\". The telecast of the footage, which Shivpal later claimed was 'edited' in a way to show him in poor light, kicked up political storm in UP. Opposition parties asked the chief minister to sack him. However, instead of taking any action, the ruling Samajwadi Party (SP) issued a press release claiming that a nexus of communal and casteist forces backed by corporate houses have launched a propaganda to malign the image of the state government by targeting some of its senior ministers.Interestingly, on August 11, a slip of tongue landed Shivpal Yadav in another controversy. After reviewing the preparation for the Kumbh mela to be held next year in January, he told reporters that \"Kisi cheej ki kami nahi hogi, chahe woh commissionkhori ho ya bijli, roads, pani...hand pumps (There will be no scarcity of anything - be it kickback in projects or construction of roads and electricity and drinking water supply... even hand pumps),\"\" he said. Later, SP leaders clarified that what he meant was that there will be no kickbacks and all arrangement will be up to the mark. However, the two episodes left Shivpal fuming with anger, which apparently resulted in open threat to mediapersons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15499537", "title": "MP extends incoming call facility to sub-jail inmates", "text": "BHOPAL: Prisoners undergoing sentences and under trails lodged in the different sub-jails of the state will get a true feel of independence, on this Independent Day as the prisons department has decided to extend the incoming call facility for them. With this facility the prisoners in sub-jails like their counterparts in the central and district jails of the state will be able to talk to their near and dear ones once a week.The facility will be extended to all inmates in 21 sub-jails in district headquarters of the state. The decision is likely to help about 25,000 inmates. So far the facility was started as a pilot project in the central and district jails. The facility would be available on the land line connections.The facility of attending family calls would be extended to the inmates who have completed a minimum term of 90 days in the jail. Earlier, only those prisoners who were serving a jail term of more than 10 years and whose homes were far away from the city where they have been lodged were allowed to attend incoming calls.Deputy Inspector General (prisons) R S Vijayvargiya told TOI, \"Madhya Pradesh is the first state in the country to extend incoming call facility for the prisoners. There is an outgoing call facility in the jails of New Delhi and Karnataka for which the prisoners have to pay, but no state in the country offers incoming call facility for prisoners.The facility of attending incoming calls on a trial basis was first introduced in central jails in the year 2009 and later was extended to 22 district jails also. Now the inmates of 21 sub-jails in district headquarters of the state would also benefit from the facility\", he added.However, those who are booked under the NDPS act, terrorist activities and communal violence would not be able to avail of the facility.The jail superintendents of 21 sub-jails have been directed to get phone connections in their respective jails. The list of sub-jails include Khargone, Vidisha, Raisen, Harda, Sehore, Mandsaur, Dewas, Neemuch, Bhind, Morena, Sheopurkalan, Ashoknagar, Guna, Shivpuri, Dindori, Katni, Mandala, Panna, Balaghat, Baidan and Umaria sub-jails.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "houston", "code": "15500496", "title": "In US, 4th mass killing in 30 days leaves 3 dead", "text": "HOUSTON: Three people, including a policeman, were killed and four others injured in a deadly shootout near a top Texas university, the fourth mass shooting in the US in less than a month, including the Wisconsin gurdwara carnage.The incident took place on Monday in College Station area near Texas A&M; University when Brazos county constable Brian Bachmann went to a house to serve an eviction notice, triggering the suspect, who was inside, to open fire on him and leading the officer to call for backup, police said.After the call from Bachmann, who later succumbed to his injuries, officers rushed to the scene and exchanged fire with the gunman, identified as 35-year-old Thomas Alton Caffall, over a 30 minute-period before he was fatally shot.A 43-year-old man, identified as Chris Northcliff, was the third person killed in the shooting, College Station assistant police chief Scott McCollum said, adding that three other officers and a woman were injured.\"We're told the suspect was renting that house,\" he said. Police did not release a possible motive for the shooting, but confirmed that Caffall opened fire while the constable was serving him an eviction notice.An eviction document, known as a forcible entry detainer, was filed against Caffall last Thursday, according to the County court records.Constable Bachmann, who was pronounced dead at an area hospital shortly after he was shot, was a 19-year veteran of the Brazos county sheriff's department.Among the injured was 55-year-old Barbara Holdsworth of Houston, who was in College Station to help her daughter move ahead at the start of the school year.Holdsworth was shot in the shoulder and underwent a surgery. She is now listed in critical condition. College Station police Officer Justin Oehlke was shot in the calf and listed as stable, while two other officers - Brad Smith and Phil Dorsette - were hit by shrapnel and their injuries were not serious.Caffall's sister Courtney Clark says her family is shocked by what her brother has done. \"Our hearts and prayers go out to the families, and this is just a senseless tragedy.\" The shooting scene is a few blocks from the university campus' football stadium. Texas A&M; spokeswoman Sherylon Carroll said most students were not on campus on Monday as the fall semester does not begin until August 27.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "we had reported the fatal accident on the sets of ajay devgn's son of sardar that claimed the life of light man machinder arvel aka bala. bala was electrocuted just a few metres away from where devgn and mukul dev were shooting.  at the time, devgn had tweeted", "code": "15503407", "title": "Ajay gives Rs 15 lakh to late light man\u2019s kin", "text": "We had reported the fatal accident on the sets of Ajay Devgn's Son of Sardar that claimed the life of light man Machinder Arvel aka Bala. Bala was electrocuted just a few metres away from where Devgn and Mukul Dev were shooting.  At the time, Devgn had tweeted: \"Nothing can compensate Machinder's loss as my heart goes out to his family. We will do whatever we can to support them.\" Truly enough, the actor has lived up to his promise. It is learnt he has offered Rs 15 lakh to Machinder's family. A source close to Machinder told Mirror, \"Full marks to Ajay and his co-producers Kumar Mangat and Babloo Pachisia, who helped in this cause. Machinder's wife and mother received Rs 7 lakh each. It is believed many people, including many actors from the film, pooled in.\" Vice Chairman of the Allied Mazdoor Union, Prem Singh Thakur, who represented Machinder's wife in the negotiations with the Son Of Sardar producers, confirmed the development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15500240", "title": "Monsoon worsens skin allergies in pets", "text": "LUDHIANA: While the showers are a welcome break from soaring temperatures, the season sometimes turns out to be a damper for pets. Monsoon brings with it a host of skin infections and digestion trouble for dogs, leaving the pooches under the weather.A veterinarian from Sarabha Nagar, Jaspreet Singh, said, \"Itchy, scratchy dogs with patches of hair missing make up a large percentage of the average veterinary clinic's patients during monsoon. If your pet is allergic to something then the illness will manifest through skin problems, especially itching.\"He added that when allergens are inhaled, ingested or come in contact with the dog's body, they bring down the pet's immune system. \"There is no real way to prevent a dog's skin from showing signs of allergic reactions. However, once the cause of the allergy is identified, owners can prevent further allergic outbreaks by keeping their dogs away from that allergen,\" said Dr Jaspreet.Dr Aditya Sewak, a veterinarian from Gurdev Nagar, said, \"The foot pads of pets are found wet when they come back from a walk from outside. Clean their foot pads with lukewarm water mixed with some anti-septic liquid, and dry the spaces in between their fingers with a towel to avoid fungal infection.\"\"Parasites including fleas and ticks tend to attack pets more during the monsoon causing allergies and fever. Treat your pets regularly with worm medication, and tick and flea treatments in this season,\" suggested Aditya.Also bathing pets during this season is literally giving an invite to skin trouble, said Dr Aditya, adding, \"Pet owners should give bath to their pets after 15 days and dry their pet properly after it. If they do not dry well then chances of skin allergy increase.\" It's best to opt for dry ready-to-eat packaged food instead of regular meat or chicken for your pet during monsoon, suggest doctors. \"Pets often suffer from gastroenteritis in this weather due to bacterial or viral infections. Meat or chicken bought from the shop is not always fresh and can be contaminated, so it's best to avoid it this season,\" said Aditya.\"Water-borne infections too, are high in monsoon. Ensure to change the water in their pails every two-three hours,\" he added.Professor of veterinary medicine at GADVASU, Kirti Dua said, \"Pet owners should observe allergies in their pets and after getting to the root cause, take necessary prevention. Skin and blood testing in the case of human beings are possible but in the case of pets this testing is still being developed in South India.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15500383", "title": "IPS officers get President\u2019s Medal; Police Medal for 24 others", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Two IPS officers from the state get President's Medal whereas 24 officers and personnel get Police Medal for Meritorious Services, according to a press release issued by the state police. The names were announced by the President on the eve of Independence Day.Satish Sharma, police commissioner of Vadodara, and Sanjay Shrivastava, joint commissioner of police (headquarters), Ahmedabad, have been conferred with the President's Medal for their commendable services.The Police Medal have been awarded to Anil Pratham, inspector general of police; Raju Bhargav, S S Trivedi, R J Savani and D R Patel, deputy inspector generals of police; C N Rajput, H J Jankant, M B Joshi, P G Dharaiya, deputy superintendents of police; K N Patel, J B Gohil, J R Vaghela, police inspectors; and A D Parmar, N N Zala, police sub-inspectors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15503355", "title": "Rashida Jones apologises to John Travolta for gay comment", "text": "Actress Rashida Jones has issued an apology for the comments she made about John Travolta during a recent interview.Jones implied in an interview on the Web site Spinning Platters that Travolta should come out of the closet, the Washington Post reported.\"It's time ... A movie star. Like John Travolta? Come out! Come on. How many masseurs have to come forward? Let's do this,\" she had said.However, after her comment was picked up by multiple blogs, The 'Parks and Recreation' star took to Twitter and expressed her regret on Wednesday.\"Made a thoughtless comment about John Travolta.I sincerely apologize.Nobody's personal life is my business.- Rashida Jones (@iamrashidajones) August 14, 2012,\" she tweeted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "bhagalpur", "code": "15500109", "title": "Disenchanted with politics now", "text": "BHAGALPUR: Power, politics and position never charmed Baldev Prasad Singh, the 85-year-old freedom fighter, who had sacrificed his formative years in India's struggle for freedom. Born on July 23, 1927 at remote Khiddi village in Rajoun under Banka district, Singh is basically a farmer and is very much disturbed by the reports about the prevailing corruption in the country.Singh, who had participated in the Quit India Movement of 1942, talks about the glorious days that he spent with other freedom fighters as well as the leaders at that time. He, however, is disenchanted by the present day politics. He joined Congress in 1949 after resigning, said Singh adding since 1949 he has been active as Congress worker and never nursed any ambition to enter the legislative assembly or Parliament.The octogenarian freedom fighter said, \"Corruption has increased manifold in the country. It is immaterial whether someone from a particular party or the other party is involved in corruption, but some of the big issues of corruption that surfaced recently have definitely brought disgrace to the country as a whole,\" said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15504168", "title": "New Mangalore Port growing in size and quality: NMPT chairman", "text": "MANGALORE: Major Ports in India are handling sizeable quantity of cargo and non-major ports including private ports also are developing rapidly.New Mangalore Port is growing in size and quality, P Tamilvanan, chairman, NMPT said delivering the 66th Independence Day celebration address here. The port has been able to increase productivity including containerized cargo, liquid, dry bulk and break bulk, Tamilvanan added.The cost of cargo handling at NMP has also come down due to competitiveness. The cruise traffic also has increased due to the fact that all required facilities have been augmented. The greenery in and around the port has gone up due to the efforts and contributions made by the deputy chairman and staff , he said, lauding contribution made by employees, including Cargo handling workers and trade union leaders in the growth of the Port.Tamilvanan distributed cash awards to children of NMPT employees and RCHW workers, NMPT English and Kannada Medium High School and Kendriya Vidyalaya No 1, Panambur who secured the highest marks in SSLC and 12th standard examinations held in March/April, 2012. School books and uniforms were distributed to the students of Government Lower Primary School, Thannirbavi as part of the Independence Day celebration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15499236", "title": "Duo dupe Bihari man of Rs 15,000", "text": "CHENNAI: Two persons on Monday duped a man from Bihar of the Rs 15,000 he was about to deposit in a nationalized bank branch in the Elephant Gate area.In his complaint, Bheemaraj Masta, an employee of a transport company, said he was rushing towards a State Bank of India branch when the two approached him, talking in fluent Hindi.\"Introducing themselves as labourers employed at a construction site in Periamet, they took Masta to a tea shop and began talking as if they had known him for many years,\" an officer said.The accused talked to Masta until he told them he was going to deposit Rs 15,000 in his bank account. \"They said they also wanted to deposit money in two bank accounts and gave him the account numbers and other details. Masta was then given a bundle which they said contained Rs 1 lakh. They told him they only wanted to deposit Rs 85,000 and that he could deposit the entire amount, including the sum he wanted to deposit. Masta who opened the bundle and saw bundles of notes bound with rubber then gave the cashe he had brought to the duo,\" a police officer said.Masta then went inside the bank and began to count the notes. He found that only the first few were genuine currency. The rest were all blank papers. Realizing he had been conned, Masta rushed to police and lodged a complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15504079", "title": "Chandigarh govt to take steps to improve public transport system: Shivraj Patil", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Chandigarh will take steps to improve public transport system in the city with Metro Rail and bigger fleet of local buses to tackle the 'alarming' increase in number of vehicles. This was pointed out by UT administrator Shivraj Patil in his Independence Day address on Wednesday.\"Chandigarh has big roads construction method of roads is also modern. The vehicles which move on it are increasing at an alarming rate, because of this it has become difficult to manage traffic what can be done to improve it. The problem is being considered. It is being discussed in Advisory council also. Steps are being taken to implement the view suggested by them,\" he said.He said that a decision had been taken to make an outer ring road. After every ten years, we strive to construct a new ring road for the effective management of traffic. It is difficult to construct an over bridge in the city. For this we propose to construct more under bridges in the city.Steps are being taken to add momentum to the construction of metro rail. Assistance is required from Panjab and Haryana. For this purpose high level meetings have been conducted and the laudable thing is that everybody is desirous of providing assistance. A plan has been made and once it gets sanctioned, work will immediately start, he said.Effort is being made to increase the number of buses in city. No. of buses which ply to other cities from Chandigarh has been decreased and they are being used within the city only. Today also some buses are moving to far off cities from Chandigarh. Even those buses can be used in the city.Chandigarh administration is ready to grant permission to ply buses from neighboring areas in Chandigarh. Through this we want to facilitate people going to far off cities. An effort is being made to buy new buses to improve the maintenance of buses and ply more and more buses on the city roads.To provide more parking facility, efforts are on to provide facility on ground as well as under it. We are making a proposal for it and we intend to implement it. It is necessary that the car owners should keep their cars inside their housing areas. If they leave their cars outside then it leads to traffic problems. We expect that they will make arrangements for keeping their cars within their buildings whether on ground or underground.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15498349", "title": "Trinamool Congress plans to expand base in other states", "text": "PUNE: The Trinamool Congress is now looking to expand its base in various states, including Maharashtra. State coordinator of the party Kunal Singh Kushwaha on Tuesday said that the party was keen to contest the 2014 general elections for which it needed to form a base.\"It will be too early to declare how many candidates will contest elections on the party symbol, but we will try to field maximum candidates,\" he said. The party recently changed its name from Trinamool Congress to All India Trinamool Congress. The party has appointed Rahul Jagtap, a railway contractor as its state secretary.Kushwaha said, \"There are people with political aspirations in the state who are looking for a new political outfit. The TMC will accommodate such youth and activists. The party will focus on fighting corruption, raising people's issues and development.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15499284", "title": "Centre puts elephant capture plan on hold", "text": "KOLKATA: Buckling under pressure from the wildlife activists and NGOs, the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) has put on hold the plan to capture four wild elephants in Bengal for domestic use.New Delhi-based NGOs like Wildlife Trust of India (WTI) and the Wildlife Protection Society of India ( WPSI) had taken up the issue with the MoEF, seeking more clarity on the elephant capturing plan.Confirming the news, additional director general wildlife, MoEF, Jagdish Kishwan said that the plan has been put on hold. However, he refused to give further details. Chief wildlife warden in Bengal, S B Mondal, said that he has received a letter from the Centre on Monday stating that the plan has been suspended for now.Permission for the elephant capturing was sought way back in 2000. But the MoEF on February 16 this year gave permission to the state to capture four sub-adult elephants from Dalma herd for captive use. Wildlife Trust of India's conflict mitigation department head Anil Kumar Singh said they had sent a letter to the MoEF a couple of weeks back. \"In Bengal, this is a major issue. And this happens due to large scale habitat loss for elephants. But capturing 4 elephants won't solve the problem, rather it will start a bad trend,\" he added.Eminent ecologist Raman Sukumar, known for his work on elephant ecology and human wildlife conflict, said there has to be a detailed study before embarking upon such plans.\"The state should conduct a study on the routes used by the elephants, whether the forest patches are viable of holding the elephant population and identify the pachyderms which mostly lead the conflict. Unless these historical records are obtained, the entire effort to capture the elephants will remain half-hearted and won't serve the purpose in the long run,\" said Sukumar, who is also a professor with the Centre for Ecological Sciences, Indian Institute of Science in Bangalore.Echoing his view, WTI's executive director, Vivek Menon, said: \"Elephant is a social animal and capturing four from a herd will only make them more aggressive. As a member of the elephant task force in 2011, I had suggested setting up of a conflict mitigation task force in Bengal with elephant experts and ecologists, who will track the elephant behaviour, routes they follow to migrate towards south Bengal, find the number of pachyderms entering every year, damage caused by these elephants and identify the rogue jumbos.\"WPSI's executive director Belinda Wright said the problem is not the elephants, but the habitat loss. \"Sub-adult or young elephants are not responsible for the conflict. The depredation is led mostly by the big elephants. Even if the forest officials capture them, they won't be able to train those jumbos,\" Wright said, adding that she had taken up the issue with some experts in Sri Lanka , where the problem is very much prevalent.In 1977, elephants were brought under the Schedule I of Wildlife Protection Act, 1972, and such captures were made illegal. But the Centre, under Section 12 of the same act, can give permission for capture for population control and scientific research.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15503768", "title": "I always wanted to turn director: Arbaaz Khan", "text": "Actor Arbaaz Khan is feeling positive as he has completed 50 per cent shooting of his debut directorial \" Dabangg 2\" and says he is just going with the flow rather than over-calculating his moves.Arbaaz, 45, who made his debut as a producer with the 2010 blockbuster \" Dabangg \", said he was initially anxious about his decision.\"There is always a certain amount of anxiety that comes with every job. It was there when I turned actor 15 years back with 'Daraar'. Then it was also there when I opened my production house for 'Dabangg '. It was but natural to be curious about how things would look like when I start calling the shots.\"I always knew that sooner or later, I would turn director. I couldn't have been relegated to being producer for the rest of my life,\" Arbaaz told PTI.He started his career as an actor in 1996 film \"Daraar\" where he won a Filmfare award for Best Villain. But later his stunt as an actor was not very successful.He said that he was always interested in behind the camera technicalities because he used to feel restricted as a performer.\"There was a major reason behind my desire of calling the shots. As an actor, I had discovered during last 15 years that I was fascinated more with what went behind the scenes than in front of it. I found it to be more creative.\"Sometimes I felt a little restricted as I was not really in control over the roles that I wanted to do. There was some progress though when I started production because I found a little more control coming my way,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15503569", "title": "Katrina's friendly appearance for Manish", "text": "Katrina Kaif shares a friendly bond with designer Manish Malhotra. That's why she stepped out to walk the ramp for him despite being ill. Her gesture has added to their friendly bond and Manish is touched.While everyone thought Katrina Kaif would be on Ek Tha Tiger promotion spree, her presence at the Delhi Couture week left everyone amazed. Despite hectic schedule and illness Kat made appearance for friend Manish Malhotra on the fourth day to walk the ramp. Sources said, \"Kat was down with flu but it did not deter her to fulfill her promise. And she called up Manish to confirm her presence.\"Happy to wear Manish's outfits, Kat remarked, \"They are amazing and more than anything I have always loved Indian attire. So I feel great in them.\" Sources also said, \"Manish was seen talking to Kat after the show. He was floored with her gesture. It has added to their friendship.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15498622", "title": "18 years on, med council begins negligence probe", "text": "MUMBAI: Lalit Bhattee received a letter last week from Maharashtra Medical Council, saying that it was beginning an inquiry into his complaint of medical negligence that resulted in his brother's death.The inquiry is being initiated 18 years after Bhattee registered his complaint. \"I was shocked that it took the MMC so long to take cognizance of my complaint,\" he said.But Bhattee is not the only one. There are at least 200 negligence complaints pending for over 15 years. \"In all there are 960 cases pending,\" said Dr Sanjay Gupte, head of the MMC's ethics committee. He said in many cases, they were finding it difficult to locate doctors, patients or relatives who lodged the complaints.The ethics committee, he said, has been meeting every month to fast-track cases. Once the panel gives its verdict, it goes to MMC for a final decision.The reason for the long list of pending complaints is because till 18 months ago, the MMC did not exist at all, said Kishore Taori, MMC president.Dr Lalit Kapoor, medico-legal expert and advisor to the Association of Medical Consultants, said the state government was responsible for the systemic failure. \"Twelve years ago, doctors filed a petition in the HC, alleging malpractices in electing MMC members. At that time, it used to be a postal ballot and many ballots were changed to favour certain candidates. The HC scrapped the system and thereafter the government did nothing to correct the system till doctors again approached the courts,\" he said.Four years ago, the government held elections where doctors had to personally come and vote. There are 22 members, of which nine are elected and the rest nominated. Two years after the elections, the government did not formally appoint the committee as there was strong political pressure for appointments of the nominated members. \"It was only after the doctors approached the courts again that the government appointed the council,\" he said.Kapoor said the government took neither the health of citizens nor laws governing health issues seriously.However, the MMC inquiry does not guarantee justice for Bhattee. \"After 18 years, what inquiry can they conduct and how much more will we have to wait for justice?'' he asked.Kapoor said it was unfair for both parties. \"For the doctor, it is like a sword hanging over his head all these years, and for the complainant, it's an endless wait for justice.\" Gupte said, adding that MMC will rely heavily on the case papers. \"Sonography machines were not widely prevalent and MRIs were non-existent. The technology, expertise that we see today, was not there then and we have to keep this in mind while we decide the case,\" he said.So far, we have closed 140 cases and in many instances people are looking for a closure, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15500144", "title": "Patna University demand raised in Lok Sabha", "text": "PATNA: The demand for according central university status to Patna University (PU) gained further momentum on Tuesday as senior BJP leader and former Union finance minister Yashwant Sinha raised this issue in the Lok Sabha.Pressing for his demand during the zero hour, Sinha, an alumnus of the university said this has been a long cherished desire of the people of the state. He told TOI on phone his demand for central takeover of PU was supported by several MPs belonging to Bihar, including Raghuvansh Prasad Singh", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15499404", "title": "Security tightened on eve of Independence Day", "text": "KANPUR: Security in and around Kanpur has been tightened to prevent any untoward incident during the Independence Day celebrations.Anti-sabotage checks and search operations have been initiated at important installations, Kanpur Central Railway station and sensitive areas of the city, according to a senior police official.\"Besides increased patrolling and enhanced positioning of pickets at all sensitive places, this time we have placed back-up teams for quick support in case of emergency,\" he said.The district border check-posts with the neighbouring districts have also been strengthened to prevent anti-social elements from sneaking into the city. A close liaison is being maintained with the police forces of the neighbouring district.As a precaution, all incoming vehicles are being subjected to spot checks. Additional policemen have been deployed at the railway and bus stations.Market places, prominent buildings and VIP houses have been provided with additional security cover.A meeting of senior officers was held on Tuesday to discuss the steps to be taken to intensify vigil. \"Police had been conducting regular checks in hotels, lodges, shopping malls and cinema halls. Night patrolling has also been stepped up. This has been further intensified,\" said DIG, Amitabh Yash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15499067", "title": "'BMC backed illegal FSI rise in Pali Hill tower'", "text": "MUMBAI: The developer of a new luxury residential tower on Pali Hill, Bandra, and the BMC colluded to illegally increase the building's floor space index (FSI), stated a writ petition in the Bombay high court.Sandhu Palace, comprising two 19-storey towers, is touted as the most expensive complex in suburban Mumbai. The developer, Sandhu Builders, has been quoting more than Rs 60,000 a square foot and several large-sized flats were sold to NRIs at Rs 35 crore-plus each.The petition was filed by Chetak Cooperative Housing Society, which is located next to Sandhu Palace. The society had allowed developer Sandhu to acquire development rights for three of its four plots. However, the builder allegedly usurped the rights of the fourth plot, which was not part of the agreement.This plot measured 1,775 square metres and also included another 725 sq m reserved for a road setback (future expansion).The municipal commissioner, deputy commissioner, executive engineer and deputy engineer (building proposal department, Bandra) have been made respondents along with the developer in the petition. The court will hear the matter on August 22, and has directed the builder to file its reply.Five years ago, each of the more than 100 members of Manju Mahal building -Chetak is its housing society-received Rs 5 lakh to Rs 15 lakh for giving power of attorney to the builder to utilize about three acres of its land.The agreement mentioned three plots, but the society alleged the builder \"illegally\" included the fourth plot as well and got them sanctioned by the BMC.The petition said permissions and plans for construction of Sandhu Palace were sanctioned by BMC officials on the basis of \"false and fraudulent'' representation made by the developer.One of the plots handed over to the builder measured 4,828 sq m, but the society said it owned 3,940 sq m of it while the remaining 800 sq m belonged to an adjoining housing society called Shiv Sagar.The developer was entitled to development rights of 9,388 sq m, said the petitioners. However, the builder got an excess FSI of 4,304 sq m and showed the total area as 13,592 sq m, it added.The petition further said the developer illegally showed reservation of a recreation ground on a plot on which structures were already constructed and in existence since a long time.The petitioner said it approached the BMC and developer with its grievance about the \"illegal act\". \"However, they did not take any action and/ or intently failed and neglected to stop the illegal acts and construction activities,\" said the petition.Last year, when the society had issued a legal notice to the developer, it put its own loss due to this \"cheating and forgery\" at more than Rs 100 crore.Last June, the society issued a public notice, terminating the power of attorney granted to the developer. It has now asked the court to direct the BMC to revoke and cancel the building permissions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15498632", "title": "Were Deobandis behind violence?", "text": "MUMBAI: Was a Deobandi Muslim group behind Saturday's mob violence during the protest rally at Azad Maidan? The rally was organized by some Sunni groups, who are also called Barelvis as they are followers of Ahmed Raza Khan of Bareli.The divide between the Barelvis and the Deobandis has been deep. It was on display even a few days before the protest when the Sunnis rejected an offer from the Deobandis to postpone Saturday's rally and have a common meet. Most of the displaced Muslims in Assam are Deobandis.\"This could be possible, but we don't have any proof that the Deobandis instigated the crowd or their volunteers participated in rioting,\" said a senior Sunni leader, who requested anonymity. Barelvis believe in visiting shrines of Sufi saints while Deobandis call the practice an innovation in Islam and discourage it.The Deobandi leaders vehemently reject this theory, saying that this is another attempt to create sectarian skirmishes among Muslims. \"The rally was to protest killings of Muslims in Assam. If the Muslims in Assam are Deobandis, why would any Deobandi sabotage a meeting which is in solidarity with fellow Deobandis?\" asked Maulana Burhanuddin Qasmi, director of Markazul Maarif Research Centre and a Deobandi cleric.\"This is being fabricated by anti-Muslim elements to divert attention from the real culprits.\" Qasmi also mentioned that there was no immediate provocation for the Deobandis to orchestrate such wanton violence.A few NGOs including Aman Committee, Dr Azimuddin and Farid Shaikh had originally planned a protest on August 13. But on August 10, when they learnt that Rizwan Khan of Madinat-ul-Ilm had planned the protest at Azad Maidan, they postponed it to Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15500223", "title": "PM to visit Mumbai on Friday, state to pitch hard for drought aid", "text": "MUMBAI: Ahead of prime minister Manmohan Singh's two-day visit to Mumbai starting August 17, a high-level state delegation made a \"strong case\" for issues concerning the state in Delhi on Tuesday. CM Prithviraj Chavan held discussions with Manmohan Singh , Congress president Sonia Gandhi, and Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar.The state submitted its memorandum of demands to tide over the drought crisis. Requiring the Centre to tweak existing drought relief norms, the demands include immediate relief and mitigation measures. An immediate funding assistance of Rs 3011 crore has been raised.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15498828", "title": "Vilasrao Deshmukh death: 3-day mourning in state", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra government on Tuesday announced a three-day state mourning following the death of Vilasrao Deshmukh , Union minister for science and technology. Deshmukh was Maharashtra chief minister for two terms.The national flag will remain at half mast on Tuesday and Thursday but will fly as usual on Wednesday, it being Independence Day. However, the Tricolour will be at half mast on Independence Day at the venue where Deshmukh's body will lie in state, a government release said on Tuesday.Several city schools have decided to cancel Wednesday's flag hoisting session. \"Our school sent a message to all parents on Tuesday evening that the function was cancelled on Wednesday due to the demise of Vilasrao Deshmukh,\" said a parent whose ward studies at Thakur Vidya Mandir, Kandivli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15499681", "title": "Elias George Metro's new MD", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: After weeks of uncertainty, on Tuesday, Kochi Metro Rail Limited's (KMRL) managing director Tom Jose was replaced by principal secretary of power Elias George. Chief secretary K Jayakumar, principal secretary of finance V P Joy and principal secretary of water resources V J Kurien will be other members of the director board.Responding to his removal, Jose said, \"The announcement came as a shock. I will explain my side of the story on Thursday\".The cabinet was a divided house on the issue. Jose's supporters included K M Mani and P J Joseph, while transport minister Aryadan Mohammed wanted to remove him. \"The cabinet deliberated much over the matter, and finally industries minister P K Kunhalikutty suggested that it would be appropriate to replace Jose if the minister holding the charge of the project wanted that,\" sources told TOI.Jose's insistence on global bidding for KMRL works had allegedly strained his relations with DMRC adviser E Sreedharan. Jose ruffled more feathers when he directly dealt with the CM on KMRL matters without going through the transport minister. The IAS fraternity too is reportedly unhappy over the decision. \"I think the whole project will go for a spin. Jose put in a lot of effort in the last one year for the project,\" a senior officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "gokak (belgaum district)", "code": "15499821", "title": "Couple who married outside caste killed", "text": "GOKAK (BELGAUM DISTRICT): A young couple who had married against the wishes of their families, from different castes, was brutally done to death in Losur village of Gokak taluk on Monday night. The honour killing has left the couple's sevenmonth-old baby orphaned.Vittal Kuri (28), a middleclass Kuruba, and Nethra (20), hailing from a well-todo Maratha family, were killed with lethal weapons, allegedly by her cousins, at their residence. Police arrested all the accused within 12 hours of the incident.Two relatives of Nethra, Vittal Bagai and Yamanappa, went to the couple's home on Monday evening and accused Vittal Kuri of \"robbing the respect of our family by marrying a girl from our community\".Later, her father, Jothappa , and another relative asked the two to leave the place. At around midnight, furious at Vittal's resistance , Bagai and Yamanappa killed the couple. Afte writing her II PUC exam in April 2011, Nethra had eloped with Vittal Kuri. They had a registered marriage . A few months later, when Nethra gave birth to a baby girl, they approached police superintendent Sandeep Patil for help.The police officer called members of both families for reconciliation talks. Both sides assured him they would not interfere in the young couple's life.Following this, Vittal Kuri and Nethra settled down in a rented house at Kurubarahalli, 4-5 km from their parents' homes.Vittal Kuri's relatives cremated the couple at the Losur burial ground on Tuesday evening following postmortem. Hundreds of his relatives and friends paid their last respects. Nobody from Nethra's family was present. Vittal's mother Kurumavva was inconsolable.Police have left the couple's seven-month-old baby, Vinanthi , in Kurumavva's care.The homes of the couples' parents, in close vicinity , wore a deserted look on Tuesday. The house of Nethra's parents was locked, while there was nobody at Vittal's residence. People of Kurubarahalli locality said that Nethra's family members had threatened Vittal's relatives with dire consequences.Requesting anonymity, they said: \"Both Vittal and Nethra were nice. Till the murder came to light, we didn't knew about their troubles. Vittal was a quiet, honest boy.\" Most of the people TOI approached for reaction were reluctant to speak.One neighbour said: \"The couple were very nice. They came here just two months ago. They used to be very friendly with all in the neighborhood. The incident has shocked us. We are worried about their sevenmonth-old baby.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15501757", "title": "Free uniforms for class IX, X ST/SC students in Odisha", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Odisha government on Tuesday decided to provide free school uniforms for students of ninth and tenth standards run by the scheduled tribe and schedule caste development department, official sources said.Stating that 41,995 students would be benefited by the programme, an official release said it would be funded by the chief minister's Relief Fund.The state government through the Odisha Primary Education Programme Authority was providing free uniforms to students upto standard eight in all government run schools while those in standard tenth were being given bicycles.These efforts had helped to reduce dropout rates in schools, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15499008", "title": "August 15 not a national festival?", "text": "LUCKNOW: We have all grown up learning August 15 as the national festival but the Indian government says it has no such record available that announces the day as the national festival. Not only this, there are no government orders available with the Union home ministry which notify January 26 and October 2 as national festivals as well.The revelation has been made in response to an RTI query by a 10-year-old girl Aishwarya Parashar. She had put the question to the Prime Minister's Office (PMO) in April this year. The PMO transferred her application to the home ministry, which, in turn, forwarded the application to the department of personnel and training (DoPT) saying the subject matter of the application, the declaration of national festivals, does not pertain to the home ministry.After lots of twists and turns, however, the home ministry, on May 17, said the government had issued no such order which notifies January 26, August 15 and October 2 as the national festivals. Dissatisfied with the response, the girl moved an appeal to the ministry saying she had learnt about national festivals through her text books and that ministry probably had erred in saying that it does not possess any order on declaration of national festivals.However, the response to the appeal only upheld the response of the ministry. The appellate authority, however, also made a request to the National Archives to provide the copy of the order, if any, to the girl. The response from the National Archives is still awaited. Meanwhile, the girl has written to both the President and the prime minister seeking the answer to her query.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15499505", "title": "Woman found murdered in flat", "text": "HYDERABAD: Robbers killed a 65-year-old widow at her house in Trimulgherry and escaped with her gold jewellery on Monday night. Sarala Devi, a resident of flat number 7 at Sree Sai Enclave of SBH Colony, was murdered at her house on Monday night.Sarala was a widow and was staying alone at her flat. The incident came to light when her domestic help reached the flat on Tuesday morning. \"The domestic help found the main door was open. On entering the house, she saw Sarala lying dead on the bedroom floor and alerted neighbours,\"Trimulgherry inspector P Sreedhar said. During preliminary investigation, police found that Sarala's daughter, who also lives in the neighbourhood, had called her mother on the phone at around 9.40pm.\"Sarala did not respond to the call and her daughter assumed that she must be asleep. We suspect that the murder might have taken place in the evening and the assailants might be aware of Sarala's daily schedule,\" the inspector said. Police said that the robbers took away six tolas of gold from the house. A murder case was booked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15499256", "title": "Sex workers rescue battered 6-year-old", "text": "KOLKATA: The six-year-old daughter of a sex worker, who was allegedly being tortured by her mother and her partner for the past few months, was rescued by other sex workers on Tuesday. Later, a complaint was lodged at Burtolla police station.The girl used to stay at Indubabala - a home run by the Durbar Mahila Samanwaya Committee (DMSC) - in Ultadanga. The Class-I student had gone to visit her mother, a resident of the city's red light district Sonagachhi, during the summer vacation. But sources said that the girl was not sent back to the home after the vacations got over. The mother, who operates from 5, Durga Charan Mitra Street, and her partner used to torture the child on a regular basis, alleged neighbours.They would often hear the child yelling out in pain. On Tuesday, some sex workers thus raided the mother's room.\"The mother and her partner had smashed her finger under some heavy object, clump of hair had been pulled off and the child was also attacked with sharp objects. How can a mother be this cruel?\" said Swapna Gayen.After rescuing her on Tuesday, the locals took her to Medical College and Hospital Calcutta for treatment. A CT scan will be done on the victim on Wednesday.The little girl, who looked relieved, kept saying that she did not want to return to her mother. \"They used to beat me all the time for no fault of mine. Please do not send me back to my mother,\" the weeping girl pleaded.\"If the girl meets this kind of treatment from her own mother, she would surely become a victim of circumstances soon. There are so many wolves around who will exploit the girl and introduce her into the profession any time. Therefore, we want the girl to stay at a safer place,\" said a member of DMSC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15499082", "title": "2 cars hit pothole, 1 catches fire, during civic work at Vile Parle", "text": "MUMBAI: Two motorists had a narrow escape in two separate freak accidents that took place within a span of 30 minutes after their cars hit the same pothole, in the early hours of Tuesday morning.In the first mishap, a speeding car's wheel got stuck in the pothole at Vile Parle and, in the second, the other car hit the side of the same pothole and immediately caught fire as its fuel tank punctured and developed a leak. Both accidents took place even as the BMC contract workers were busy filling up potholes on the road.At 12.15am, the first car got stuck in a one-metre-wide and half-a-foot-deep pothole near Nanavati Hospital.Mihir Kachalia, a 26-year-old computer engineer who was driving the car, told TOI that there was no 'work-in-progress' signage or any light to demarcate the spot. A towing van was called to pull out his car.Kachalia soon plans to file an FIR against the civic authority.\"Some BMC work was going on. I couldn't see much in the dark as there were no lights and I dashed into the pothole. There was a single, yellow-coloured barricading but there was nobody to guide me. The right wheel of my car broke and it got stuck in the pothole. My back was hurting and I was admitted to Nanavati Hospital. A CT scan was done. Thankfully, I have not suffered any major injuries,\" said Kachalia.The BMC, though, claims that the area had been barricaded and that, in fact, Kachalia's speeding car had left two of its contract labourers injured.Half an hour after the mishap, the other car hit the side of the pothole and caught fire. \"There was a minor explosion and the fire brigade had to be called in. A towing van towed away this car as well,\" said Kachalia, who was around when the second accident took place. The driver of the second car left soon after and could not be traced.Ramesh Pawar, assistant municipal commissioner, K (West) Ward, admitted that both the accidents took place when pothole-filling work was on and that no board or signage had been put up to announce it.\"There were three potholes, each about a metre wide. Proper barricading had been done and our contract labourers were provided with workmen's jackets. But the first person was driving at such high speed that he banged against the barricade. Two of our contract labourers were injured.\"Pawar said potholes work falls under the purview of the chief engineer, roads, and that action would be taken against the contractor for any lapses. \"I will refer the matter to the chief engineer for necessary action.\" The BMC has also loaded photographs of the location of the potholes and the precautions taken by the contractor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15498251", "title": "Free uniforms for ST/SC students", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Chief minister Naveen Patnaik on Tuesday announced to extend free uniforms scheme to all Scheduled Tribe ( ST) and Scheduled Caste ( SC) students of class IX and X studying in schools run by ST/SC development department.The Odisha Primary Education Authority ( OPEPA) is already distributing free uniforms to all girl students besides boys belonging to SC/ST and below poverty line (BPL) categories up to Class VIII. The cost of uniforms for Class IX and X will be given from the Chief Minister's Relief Fund, a government release said.The government hopes that the latest decision, benefitting around 42,000 students, will help increase school attendance and reduce dropouts. The latest sops for students community comes around two weeks after the government on July 31 announced to extend free bicycles scheme to all BPL Class X students in the state, which would benefit about 1.6 lakh students.Earlier, the government was giving the benefit to girl students of Class X besides SC/ST students of scheduled areas, raising total number of beneficiaries of free cycles to 4.5 lakh students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15499476", "title": "More buses to ply at night in the Coimbatore", "text": "COIMBATORE: Night travel in the city is likely to become easy. Tamil Nadu State Transport Corporation, Coimbatore division, is poised to operate 50 additional buses at night on several routes, following complaints that the available services are far and few.A senior official told TOI that the new routes where the buses would ply have been identified and finalised. As of now, night services are run on 16 routes. Fifty more buses will be introduced to augment the number of trips and routes, he said.The routes listed are Gandhipuram to Sulur, Gandhipuram to Chenniyampalayam-Kuniyamuthur, Gandhipuram to Sarvanampatti -Annur, Gandhipuram Thudiyalur -Periyanaickenpalayam, Gandhipuram via TNAU to Maruthamalai. Similarly, buses will ply on routes including Gandhipuram via Perur to Karunya University, Gandhipuram via Railway Station-Ukkadam up to Walayar, Gandhipuram via Railway Station, Ukkadam and Kinathukadavu, and Gandhipuram via Railway Station to Chettipalayam. The circular bus route from Gandhipuram via Gandhi Park to Gandhipuram would also soon have night bus service.The official said the date of operation has not been finalised, but the services are expected to begin after new recruits join duty in the coming months, the official added. The buses will be operated from 10pm to 5am.The initiative will come as a boon to a lot of people who work late or do nights shifts at factories and shops. K Anandantheertan, a resident of Pachapalayam near Perur, said getting buses at night is extremely difficult now. Buses are absent even on routes that have night service. K Karthikeyan, a resident of Kovaipudur, who works in a supermarket in Ukkadam, said there are very few buses to the area after 9pm. People are forced to wait for hours and, often, are forced to pay large sums to auto rickshaws and call taxis to reach home, he said. Since more and more people do late hours, TNSTC must operate more services at night, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15500716", "title": "HC notice to Haryana chief secy, principal secy, education on HSTSB selection", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Taking cognizance of a petition alleging favoritism and nepotism in the selection of the members of the newly-constituted, Haryana School Teachers Selection Board (HSTSB) by the Haryana government, the Punjab and Haryana high court on Tuesday issued notice to Haryana chief secretary and principal secretary, education seeking their response on the contentions raised in the petition.Importantly, the HSTSB was recently constituted by the Hooda government to recruit all categories of teachers in the state education department.The division bench comprising Justice Surya Kant and Justice Ritu Bahri has issued the notice after hearing a petition filed by one Maman Chand Sharma of Bhiwani.The petitioner has challenged Sections 5 and 6 of the HSTSB Act 2011 whereby the CM and others has allegedly made the provisions for constitution of a collegium of persons of their choice and have crafted the provisions in such a manner so as to appoint the members already decided by the government.Petitioner further submitted that the close relatives of Bhupinder Singh Hooda and his MP son Deepinder Hooda and chief parliamentary secretary (CPS) Rao Dan Singh were first privately selected by the government and thereafter, this Act providing constitution of the board was framed in a manner so as these persons may be accommodated.He also alleged that a collegium visualized under Act itself provides for yes man of the government. The then chief secretary Urvashi Gulati co-opted Lt. Gen. DDS Sandhu, vice chancellor Kurukshetra University, who is known for his close connections with CM being his schoolmate at Sainik School Kunjpura, Karnal. The collegium did not call for any names of public-spirited academicians, scientist, jurist, and judges, but considered and forwarded the name of Brig Nand Lal Punia (as chairman), T P Bose, Jagdish Prasad and others.The names of said persons have been forwarded only on account of their close links with the CM, his son Deepinder Hooda and CPS Rao Dan Singh.Petitioner also informed that Brig Nand Lal Punia is close relative of Bhupinder Singh Hooda, T P Bose has remained a teacher of Deepender Singh Hooda family and Jagdish Prasad is real brother of CPS Rao Dan Singh. Now the case would come up for further hearing on October 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "vapi", "code": "15497576", "title": "Dacoit lynched in Valsad", "text": "VAPI: A dacoit was killed after being lynched by a mob of villagers while five of his gang members were arrested after they attempted to loot a jewellery shop in Pariya village of Pardi taluka on Tuesday night. Villagers rushed to Ambika Jewellers after they got to know about the attack by dacoits. They caught three of them and thrashed them up. Of the three, one of them identified as Aatish alias Bablu Jor, was taken to Valsad Civil Hospital with serious injuries, where he died on Wednesday.Two other dacoits were caught after the roads in the area were barricaded, said circle police inspector R D Faldu.The robbers were armed with sharp weapons and country-made revolvers. Police recovered 11 cartridges and two revolvers from them.All the robbers are natives of Uttar Pradesh .\"Loot attempts by gangs from UP are common in urban areas and rare in villages. It was after a very long time that such an attempt was made in rural area,\" said Faldu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15499233", "title": "Late night rain cools down Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: Heavy rain on Monday night lowered the maximum temperature by a degree to 33.2 degrees Celsius. In the 24 hours between Monday and Tuesday mornings, Met registered a rainfall of 2.7cm at Numgambakkam. Meenambakkam received a rainfall of 5cm.Officials from the regional meteorological centre said the rain was caused by convective heat, which vapourises sea water and increases the moisture content in the air. \"The sea breeze laden with the moisture runs into the south-westerlies, causing rain.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15498531", "title": "Indifferent civic bodies clueless about plastic ban", "text": "GURGAON: While environmentalists have been clamouring for a ban on plastic bags, in Gurgaon, the MCG and other civic bodies continue to remain clueless. Neither do they know how effective the ban has been nor do they have an idea about the penalty that should be imposed for use of plastic bags. They have also not bothered to maintain a record of how many challans they have imposed so far.As reported in TOI on Tuesday, the urban local bodies (ULB) department has asked the district commissioner as well as the municipal corporation to submit a report on the number of challans issued by the civic agencies on those who still use plastic carry bags and on those manufacturing them.In a scathing remark in his letter, the director of the ULB department said that the district authorities often challan the small time traders and shopkeepers for flouting this law, while no action is taken against the big, influential shopowners. When contacted, the municipal commissioner said that he was not aware of how many challans the corporation has issued in the past three years. \"The chief medical officer will be able to give you the details,\" he said.However, the chief medical officer V K Thapar too was not forthcoming on this issue. While initially he tried to dodge the questions, later he claimed that the record is maintained by the district pollution board. Sources indicate that the MCG officials have not bothered to maintain a proper record of the plastic ban. \"Nobody in the corporation has done anything credible to make sure the ban on plastic bag is enforced properly and therefore they don't have a record,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15498818", "title": "Residents can now dial \u2018100\u2019 for any kind of emergency", "text": "NOIDA: Residents of Gautam Budh Nagar district can now avail services of a single integrated emergency response number similar to 911 in the US. Basic services like police, medical emergency and fire department will be available through the number '100' which was launched on a trial basis from 5pm on August 14. The facility will formally commence within a week and will be equipped with 30 hunting lines and looked after by a 10-member team of trained personnel.The call centre of the emergency helpline is at the trauma centre of the multispecialty district hospital in Sector 30. Sanjiv Saran, CEO of Noida Authority said, \"The emergency number will be toll-free. People will not have to dial different numbers for help in case of emergencies like road accidents and fire mishaps. No STD code is required to call the helpline from any phone, be it a landline or mobile.\"Calls made to the helpline will be diverted to health, fire and police departments. \"Two ambulances will also be made available round the clock. The helpline will be functionally operational within a week from August 15. The number will also be handy in dealing with emergencies during natural disasters,\" Saran said.A GPS has also been stationed at the call centre. This system will help in tracking all emergency vehicles like PCR vans, ambulances and fire tenders so that within minutes of taking a call, the respective vehicle is dispatched to the trouble spot. Once successful in Gautam Budh Nagar, the service is likely to be replicated in other districts of Uttar Pradesh .\"The aim is to pick up every call within the first ring and take all the required information within the shortest possible time,\" Saran said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15499176", "title": "Chinese prof to get SASTRA maths award", "text": "CHENNAI: Chinese mathematician Zhiwei Yun has been selected to receive the SASTRA Ramanujan Prize this year. The prize, established in 2005 by SASTRA University in Thanjavur, is awarded to young mathematicians for outstanding contributions to areas influenced by mathematician Srinivasa Ramanujan.\"The age limit for the prize has been set at 32 because Ramanujan achieved so much in 32 years,\" a release from SASTRA University said. Thirty-year-old professor Yun has just completed a C L E Moore Instructorship at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and will be taking up a faculty position at Stanford University in California soon. Professor Yun has made fundamental contributions to several areas that lie at the interface of representation theory, algebraic geometry and number theory.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15498226", "title": "Coal shortage forces Nalco to shut down power units", "text": "ANGUL Acute shortage of coal has forced Nalco to shut down two units of 120 MW each resulting in scaling down production at its smelter plant. Production in the smelter plant has come down to 1,160 tonnes against the daily production of 1,200 tonnes. The eight units of the Captive Power Plant (CPP) produce 960 MW of power to run the smelter unit. The plant is producing 720 MW from its six units with coal sources from Mahanadi Coalfields Limited (MCL)'s Bharatpur coal mine.\"We were forced to shut down two units due to shortage of coal. One unit is kept on standby while another is for overhauling. We are receiving 7,000 tonnes of coal against our daily requirement of 12,000 tonnes,\" said executive director of Nalco P R Chowdhury. \"We are not able to use the coal supplied completely because it is wet and muddy,\" he said, adding that MCL should supply the required coal as per the agreement between MCL and Nalco\".However, public relations officer of MCL Dikken Mehra denied any negligence on MCL's part in supplying coal to Nalco. He alleged that \"We had asked the Nalco authorities to take stock of the required coal. But Nalco didn't pay heed to this.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15497881", "title": "Expect light rain today", "text": "NEW DELHI: City experienced pleasant weather on Tuesday after some parts received heavy rain. The maximum temperature was recorded at 32.6 degrees Celsius, a notch less than normal, while the minimum settled at 25.9, a degree below normal.The rain gauges recorded 0.3mm rain from 8.30am to 5.30 pm on Tuesday. MeT office has predicted a cloudy sky with possibility of light showers on Wednesday afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "15499096", "title": "Historical monument lying in ruins", "text": "WARDHA: Yet another Independence Day arrives, but do we remember the sacrifices that various people have made to give us the freedom that we enjoy today? The neglect that many important monuments associated with the freedom struggle suffer, points towards our lack of concern.The monument built in the memory of the freedom fighters, who were killed in police firing while trying to hoist the National flag on Ashti police station on August 16, 1942, has now become a victim of our lackadaisical attitude. The police station now serves as a school and the monument is completely ruined.The neglect not only applies to the monuments but also to the people associated with those martyrs. It is saddening to see the hardships that the present generation, of these selfless people, has to go through to earn a livelihood.Panchfula Uike, daughter of Panchi Polsu Gond works as a farm labourer. There is no electricity at her house. The grandson of Dr Govind Malape, Dr. Arvind Malape, said that the government must take initiative to provide succour to these families undergoing hardships. It should also take action for the upkeep of various historical monuments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15500452", "title": "Another blow: Zakaria faces fresh plagiarism charges", "text": "WASHINGTON: Columnist and TV host Fareed Zakaria , who acknowledged copying parts of a magazine article last week, appears to have also published a passage from a 2005 book without attribution.Indian-American journalist Zakaria's 2008 book, \"The Post-American World,\" contains a quote from former Intel Corp chief executive Andy Grove about the nation's economic power.\"America is in danger of following Europe down the tubes, and the worst part is that nobody knows it,\" Grove said in Zakaria's book, adding: \"They're all in denial, patting themselves on the back as the Titanic heads straight for the iceberg full speed ahead.\" According to the Washington Post, the first edition of Zakaria's book, which became a bestseller, makes no mention of the comment's source, nor does a paperback version of \"Post-American World\" which was published in 2009.In fact, Grove's comment was published three years earlier in \"Three Billion New Capitalists: The Great Shift of Power to the East,\" by former commerce department official Clyde V Prestowitz. Zakaria finally acknowledged Prestowitz in the footnotes of \"The Post-American World 2.0\".Zakaria defended the practice of not attributing quotes in a popular book. \"As I write explicitly (in the book), this is not an academic work where everything has to be acknowledged and footnoted,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15498308", "title": "If police want they can arrest anybody: Delhi high court", "text": "NEW DELHI: Absconding former Haryana minister Gopal Kanda is destroying evidence and has removed laptops and computers from his office, hampering investigation, the Delhi Police informed the Delhi high court on Tuesday, saying his custodial interrogation is required.Admitting that they have a problem in the investigation with Kanda fleeing, cops said they need to arrest him to find out the conspiracy between him and co-accused Aruna Chaddha, senior executive in Kanda's company who has since been nabbed. Justice P K Bhasin, after hearing both the police and Kanda's arguments reserved his verdict but did comment wryly \"if the police want, it can arrest anybody.\"Additional solicitor general (ASG) Sidharth Luthra, appearing for police opposed anticipatory bail for Kanda saying \"The conduct of not joining the investigation, removal of all electronic items, including his laptop and computers from office, is a case for refusal of anticipatory bail.\"\"We have a problem in investigation. When we went to Kanda's office, there were no computers, so we don't have access to emails and other material,\" he conceded. The ASG said the former Haryana minister has been on the run despite a notice served upon him to join the investigation which is at a very preliminary stage.An absconder doesn't deserve to be granted anticipatory bail, there is an answer to be given to the society, the dead soul and the victim's family, the police said, insisting the charge of abetment to suicide is made out against Kanda.Cops shared some of the details of probe conducted till now with Justice P K Bhasin, showing him emails exchanged between Geetika and Kanda, how she was shifted from MDLR Airlines to MDLR hotels where the contract entailed \"reporting to chairman on a daily basis.\" Police also highlighted trip made to Dubai by Kanda with co-accused Aruna Chaddha to pursue the victim to rejoin when she left his company .The police added they suspect a forged email was sent to authorities in Dubai to compel Geetika to leave her job and return to India. When HC made certain queries from the ASG on Kanda's plea that no case of abetment of suicide is made against him as he neither \"incited\" nor \"urged\" nor \"provoked\" the victim to end her life the police counsel, he pointed out that \"series of pressures put on Geetika by Kanda that led to frustration, torture making her commit suicide, so the offence of abetment is made out.\"The ASG also read out statements given by Geetika's family that narrated her plight at Kanda's hands.Justice Bhasin then asked senior advocate K T S Tulsi where is his client and why is he absconding. Tulsi replied Kanda is not absconding and is willing to appear for questioning but fears arrest and torture at the hands of the police.He said the manner in which police dealt with Aruna Chaddha shows his clinet has every reason to apprehend arrest. Tulsi further argued that no case of abetment of suicide was made out against Kanda and sought anticipatory bail. \"Suicide letters are written in anger and so any allegations can be levelled out of anger,\" Tulsi contended. \"I may be fond of her, she may be fond of me but that does not mean I incite her to commit suicide,\" he submitted on his clinets behalf.\"The reasons given by the trial court while dismissing anticipatory bail were that there was misuse of power by me, I have given preferential treatment to Geetika and I exploited her, but these are not offences under offence of abetment for commission of suicide,\" the senior lawyer added.The former minister has also submitted that the suicide note is inadmissible under section 10 of the Indian Evidence Act as it does not constitute dying declaration under the same act. Claiming that he is a respectable citizen, Kanda has said in his plea that there is no likelihood of his absconding or delaying the trial of the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15499011", "title": "Court sentences bro-sister duo to 10 year jail in fake currency case", "text": "NAGPUR: District and assistant sessions judge BS Chavan on Tuesday sentenced a brother-sister duo to 10 years imprisonment and fine of Rs10,000 in a case of circulating fake currency notes. It was the testimony of three poor women that made it possible for the court to convict the culprits engaged in antigovernment activities. The investigation officer (IO) had also taken pains to ensure protection of witness and evidence.The court, rejecting plea of leniency from the convicts, said that the illegal acts were against the government of India and not any particular individual. Police had recovered 113 fake notes in denomination of Rs1,000 from the accused.The court convicted Mohammed Farukh and Farida Begum, residents of West Bengal, under section 489(B) and 489(C) read with section 34 of Indian Penal Code ( IPC) while another accused, Mustafa Kamal , was acquitted due to lack of concrete evidence against him. It is learnt Farida's husband too is lodged in the Amravati Central Jail after being convicted in a case of fake currency note.Farukh and her sister have been given 10 years rigorous imprisonment, fine of Rs5,000 and additional one year of jail in default of paying the sum for passing off fake notes as genuine. The court also gave seven years of imprisonment, fine Rs5,000 and additional one year of jail in default of paying up the sum for possession of fake currency notes. The sentences will run concurrently.Additional public prosecutor MR Sharma said that seven witnesses were examined in the case. \"A woman had informed police and helped them nab the racketeers. The offence was registered at Jaripatka police station on August 4, 2011. Later, she came to the court and narrated the incident, which helped the prosecution,\" said the Addl PP.The prosecution counsel also lauded efforts by IO Anchal Mudgal, who was a sub-inspector then posted at Jaripatka police. Mudgal, incidentally, is in-charge of district court premises presently after his promotion as Assistant PI.Mudgal, after receiving information from the alert citizen, had trapped Farukh and his sister Farida near Bridge No. 10 last year. He had seized 33 fake notes in the possession of Farukh while Farida had 16. During a search of their rented room at Takshasheela Nagar, 64 more fake notes were discovered and Kamal was also arrested.Among the other factors, the testimony of an assistant work manager of the Government currency press at Nashik also proved crucial. He had examined the notes using scientific methods and confirmed they were fake.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15500412", "title": "Sunita unfurls Tricolour in space", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Indian-American astronaut Sunita Williams on Tuesday displayed the Tricolour on board the International Space Station and wished Indians on the eve of their 66th Independence Day. \"I wish India a very happy Independence Day for August 15. India is a wonderful country and I am very proud to be a part of India,\" she said in her message.\"You know that I am half Indian. My father is from Gujarat. So, I am familiar with culture and customs of India. I am so proud to a part of this (Independence Day) celebration,\" Williams said displaying India's national flag.Williams, 46, along with Yuri Malenchenko of Russia and Japan's Akihiko Hoshide left for the ISS aboard a Russian spacecraft Soyuz TMA-05M on July 15 from the Baikonur cosmodrome in Kazakhstan.Williams, who was a flight engineer on the station's Expedition 32 crew, became commander of Expedition 33 after reaching the space station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15499018", "title": "No doubts on nutritive value of cow milk: Researchers", "text": "NAGPUR: Scientists from the city's Go Vigyan Anusandhan Kendra say that cow's milk is a complete food, even having the potential to blot out malnutrition. It has ten times the soluble phosphate in mother's milk, making it an important intake for the growth of a child, they said.These scientists were reacting to a report quoting a study by a Kolkata-based scientist that said cow's milk is nutritionally inadequate for babies. The scientist to whom the study has been ascribed, Debnath Chaudhuri from All India Institute of Hygiene and Nutrition, has written to the editor-in-chief of Press Trust of India (PTI) that his statements have been wrongly interpreted. Chaudhuri said that he was speaking about mother's milk being a better source of nutrition for babies rather than cow's milk. He calls the new report released by PTI unscientific, incomplete and incorrect, and said it has caused much confusion.\"Ayurveda has equated cow's milk with amrut and its medicinal qualities have been written about in many ancient texts. Other than being a rich source of nutrition, cow's milk has been proved to be a memory and concentration enhancer,\" said Sunil Mansinghka, chief coordinator of the centre and former member of Rashtriya Govansh Aayog. He said that several scientists in the country have conducted research proving this.\"Milk from desi variety of cows has high amount of carbohydrates, fats, calcium, iron, aurum oxide, many forms of vitamins and sodium among other contents. Together, these components make this drink a complete food, which can also be processed to make several other equally healthy food products like butter, curds, ghee, etc,\" said Mansinghka. He expressed surprise that an agency like PTI ran such a story that even the person being quoted does not support.Another scientist has been quoted in the report saying that considering the pesticides detected in cow's milk, it is unsafe for babies and should be avoided at least in the first year of an infant's life. \"The pesticide comes from what the cows are being fed. If the cows are fed properly and not treated with hormones to increase quantity of milk, there is no chance of its milk being unsafe in any way,\" believed Nandini Bhojraj, head veterinarian of the Nagpur centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15498970", "title": "500 NSG men guard 15 Z+ VIPs", "text": "NEW DELHI: At a time when government is facing severe shortage of police personnel for even day-to-day maintenance of law and order in the country, a VIP of Z+ category, who comes under high risk category, gets protection from over 30 commandos of elite National Security Guard (NSG).The NSG is raised as a main anti-terror force, but its commandos are also deployed to protect VIPs. At present, over 500 of them are deployed to protect 15 Z+ category 'protected persons'.Though there are 32 Z+ category of VIPs in the country, the rest (17) get security from state police or paramilitary personnel. Those who get NSG commandos for their protection include BJP leader L K Advani, BSP chief Mayawati , Gujarat CM Narendra Modi and Tamil Nadu CM J Jayalalithaa among others.\"NSG is providing mobile security cover to Z+ category protected persons...The total deployment of personnel for VIP duties is 512 including administrative support,\" minister of state for home affairs Jitendra Singh told the Lok Sabha.In his written reply to a Parliament Question, Singh said the commandos were carrying out weekly firing practice of 90 rounds with their primary or secondary weapons at Manesar as well as at the Mumbai hub.\"At present there is no proposal to reduce the sanctioned strength of NSG,\" he said when asked whether the government is contemplating to reduce the strength of the force from 5,000 to 2,500 commandos.Replying to another question, the minister said that the government has not decided to withdraw NSG commandos from rendering VIP security.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15497860", "title": "Two burglars held for robbing scribe", "text": "NEW DELHI: The east district police has arrested two burglars who had barged into the house of a TV anchor and beaten him up six days ago before decamping with valuables. He had been caught off guard soon after he reached his Mayur Vihar residence. The accused have been identified as Aakash (18) and Rashid (22). ``With their arrest, we have solved the burglary attempt on August 8 at the house of Sushant Sinha,'' said DCP (east) Prabhakar.Sources said Aakash has two cases of burglary registered against him at the Mayur Vihar police station while Rashid has three cases at the same police station. Prabhakar said the two have confessed to carrying out four other burglaries in the Pandav Nagar and Mayur Vihar police station areas in the past four months.``We have recovered most of the stolen items that the duo had fled with after beating up and tying up Sushant around 4 pm on August 8. However, we could not recover a mobile phone. The accused had taken some pictures couldn't figure out how to delete it. So, they destroyed the mobile,'' said the investigating officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15499398", "title": "Union ministry of environment and forests advisory to curb mobile tower radiation", "text": "PANAJI: No proposal to allow construction of new mobile towers should be permitted within a radius of 1km of existing towers, the Union ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) has stated in an advisory issued recently.This is just one of the few actions listed by the MoEF to be carried out by state governments, forests departments, department of telecommunications, ministry of communications and other agencies.The MoEF held consultations with stakeholders recently to discuss a report submitted by an expert committee it had earlier appointed to gauge the possible impacts of communication towers on wildlife, including birds and bees.\"The review of the available scientific information by the committee indicates that the electro-magnetic radiations (EMR) interfere with biological systems,\" the advisory states.The MoEF has initiated measures to soften the impacts of EMR. It has advised agencies to carry out regular auditing and monitoring of EMR in urban areas as also educational organizations, hospitals and even protected areas of forests and ecologically sensitive areas.The ministry has also suggested a proper ecological impact assessment ( EIA) and review of installation sites before authorities issue approval for erection of mobile towers.\"We can try and keep them about 3km beyond the outer limit of protected areas,\" a forest department source said. A BSNL source said EMR is being monitored in the state and is much below international norms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15501384", "title": "Defence forces ready to meet any challenge: PM Manmohan Singh", "text": "NEW DELHI: Months after then Army chief Gen V K Singh raised questions over the preparedness of his service, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Wednesday said the defence forces are ready to meet any challenge and their modernisation will continue.\"We have seen a lot of discussion in the recent months about role of our armed forces and their preparedness. Today I would like to reassure countrymen that our armed forces and paramilitary forces are prepared to face any challenge.\"Government will continue to work for modernising these forces and providing them with necessary technology and equipment,\" he said in his Independence Day address here.In March, Gen Singh had written a secret letter to the Prime Minister highlighting critical shortage of tank ammunition and obsolescence of the air defence systems in the Army.The letter later found its way in the media and since then the defence ministry has taken several steps to plug the shortages faced by the forces.\"I would like to emphasise here that our armed forces and paramilitary forces have defended the security of our country during both war and peace with valour and honour. Our soldiers have made the biggest of sacrifices, whenever needed,\" the Prime Minister said.Thanking the security forces for guarding the frontiers bravely, Singh said the government will continue to make efforts for their welfare.The Prime Minister lauded DRDO for the successful launch of over 5,000 km-range Agni-V missile which made India join an elite club of nations possessing such long range weapon systems.\"I would like to congratulate our scientists and technologists who have enhanced our prestige by successfully testing the Agni V Missile,\" Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15500376", "title": "A woman to moderate US president debate after 20 years", "text": "WASHINGTON: For the first time in two decades, a woman journalist will moderate one of the three US presidential debates scheduled in October this year, the commission on presidential debates said.Candy Crowley , the chief political correspondent of CNN and anchor of its state of the union programme will moderate the presidential debate on Oct 16 at Hofstra University , Hempstead in New York , the announcement said. Incumbent Barack Obama and his Republican challenger Mitt Romney will appear for three face to face 90-minute debates in Oct ahead of the Nov presidential elections.The other two debates on Oct 3 and Oct 22 will be respectively moderated by Jim Lehrer of the PBS News Hour and Bob Schieffer of the CBS News . Martha Raddatz from the ABC News will moderate the only vice-presidential debate on Oct 11 at Centre College , Danville in Kentucky. \"The new formats chosen for this year's debates are designed to focus big time blocks on major domestic and foreign topics,\" said Frank Fahrenkopf &amp; Michael McCurry, co-chairmen of commission on presidential debates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15500086", "title": "Patna University students attack vice-chancellor house", "text": "PATNA: A section of agitating Patna University (PU) students owing allegiance to the All India Students' Federation (AISF) barged into the residence of vice-chancellor Shambhu Nath Singh on Tuesday. They ransacked the building, broke the doors and windowpanes and disconnected the telephone lines in protest against the non-fulfilment of their demands.The agitating students also pelted stones at the residence of the VC and hurled abuses on him and other PU officials.Taking strong exception to the incident, the PU administration has lodged an FIR against 15 students and also decided to expel them from the university.It may be mentioned here that a section of Patna College students has paralysed the functioning of PU as well as Patna College for the last several days in protest against the new arrangement of hostel accommodation to the college students. With a view to checking the menace of ragging, the college administration has decided to allot class-wise accommodation to the students in the college hostels.When the college authorities did not agree to the students' demand for changing the new arrangement, about half-a-dozen students sat on hunger strike at the PU office. They also put road blockades in front of Patna College on Ashok Raj Path, paralysing traffic for several hours.Singh, when contacted, told TOI, \"I am utterly shocked by the students' behaviour. Who will protect the faculty members and students of the university if the VC is not safe at his residence?\" he said.Surprisingly enough, the district administration did not take any notice of the incident on the PU campus. The police deputed at the university office remained a mute spectator, the VC alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15498601", "title": "Students demand police patrolling", "text": "PUNE: Students from the northeast studying in the Symbiosis College of Arts and Commerce on Tuesday urged the police to patrol areas such as Wadarwadi and Deep Bungalow chowk. This, they said, would build confidence and create a feeling of security among the students.The demand was made at a meeting conducted by deputy commissioner of police (DCP) Makarand Ranade at the Symbiosis Vishwa Bhavan to instill confidence in students from the northeast living in the city. The meeting was attended by around 200 students.The students told Ranade that police patrolling was needed in Wadarwadi and Deep Bungalow chowk areas. One of them said, \"A lot of students from the northeast live in these areas because of its proximity to the Symbiosis college. However, ever since the attacks started, we feel a little unsafe and want the police to monitor these areas too.\"Ranade appealed to the students to immediately contact the police if they faced any problems. He said, \"We do not want a single student from the northeast to leave the city. They must continue studying in Pune. We will take action against the troublemakers.\"He also shared important numbers of police stations where students can register their complaints. He said, \"Calls to these numbers will be answered around the clock and prompt action will be taken. Our aim is to provide protection to the students from the northeast so that they feel safe in the city.\"Meanwhile, at the Maharashtra Cosmopolitan Society, over 100 students from the northeast studying in various institutes of the society attended a meeting conducted by its president P A Inamdar on Tuesday morning.Inamdar assured the students that their safety was the society's priority and that they should call him immediately in case they needed any help.DCP (zone II) R L Pokale and senior police inspector (cantonment) Sushama Chavan also spoke to the students and assured them of police security.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15498356", "title": "Pune Municipal Corporation okays health scheme for ex-corporators, wives", "text": "PUNE: The standing committee of the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) on Tuesday approved a proposal to bear the medical expenses of former corporators and their wives. The committee did not have any data on who would be the beneficiaries of the scheme.The women and child welfare committee of the civic body had recently approved the proposal for former corporators and their wives to be given 100% medical benefits, as enjoyed by the sitting corporators.According to the existing municipal health scheme, a former corporator gets 50% of the medical or hospitalisation bill reimbursed from the civic body while the wife is not entitled to any benefit.The new proposal came up for discussion on Tuesday and was approved without any study of the data about the expected expenses or details of former corporators who would be eligible for the scheme.\"The committee decided to approve the proposal to offer medical treatment to former corporators and their wives. The scheme will cover the expenses of hospitalisation in government and private hospitals,\" Baburao Chandere, chairman of the committee, told reporters.\"Since all the members sought approval for the scheme, we agreed to it,\" he added. The committee did not seek any suggestions or a report from the civic administration.Every year, the civic body allocates about Rs 10 crore for health schemes for sitting and former corporators and current and former civic employees. Last year, the civic administration had to divert funds from the health scheme for below poverty line people to bear the cost of treatment of corporators and employees.The civic administration and elected representatives had claimed that the poor in the city had not availed of the benefits of the health scheme and so the funds could be used for the corporators.\"The corporators do a lot of work for the people. So, more schemes should be designed and implemented for them,\" said Subhash Jagtap, leader of house in PMC, adding, \"Many corporators are poor and cannot afford medical expenses. This scheme is intended for their benefit.\"On whether there was any ceiling on the expenses, Jagtap said no such limit had been fixed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "tuticorin", "code": "15500195", "title": "4 killed in thermal plant fire", "text": "TUTICORIN: In a ghastly fire accident at a private thermal power plant in Tuticorin in south Tamil Nadu , four employees were charred to death while six others sustained severe injuries on Tuesday.The accident occurred when the conveyor belt moving coal caught fire, reportedly due to friction. Senior police and revenue officials rushed to the spot and are conducting an investigation. A spokesperson from IND Barath Power Infra Limited, the company owning the thermal power plant said that the death of the four persons was due to multiple reasons. \"They fell from a height of about 25 metres while trying to escape the fire. They were also suffocated by the smoke,'' he said. Police too said that they suffered burn injuries, besides injuries due to the fall. \"We are yet to ascertain the cause of the accident. A team from the company would be assessing the extent of damage due to the fire,'' he said.Police said about 10 employees were at the crusher house in the afternoon, where heaps of coal are moved in through a conveyor belt and crushed before pushing them into the furnace at the IND Barath Thermal Power Plant at Puthiyamputhur. A fire sparked at the conveyor belt and spread across the bulk of coal. Within moments, the fire spread all along the belt. \"Usually there are no employees at crusher house. No one is supposed to be there except when there is a need to clean the coal ash. These employees had rushed inside the crusher house after spotting the fire, in a bid to put it off,'' the company spokesperson said. As the belt started burning uncontrollably, the employees who were attempting to put out the fire, ran from the spot to escape the blaze. They jumped from the crusher house into a load of coal dumped about 25 metres below, but by that time, four of them sustained severe burns and also suffered injuries due to the fall.Police identified the deceased as M Shakthi (28) from Panchalankurichi, P Malraj (47) from Korampallam, K Lavakumar (22) from Kalugumalai in Tuticorin district and another labourer from Assam identified as S Kookuli (19). Six others including Saravanakumar (33), Sudalaimuthu (35) and Nagendran (21) sustained burn injuries and were rushed to the government hospital. Their condition is reported to be stable. The plant was shut down immediately after the fire broke out and restoration efforts are on. Tuticorin SP J Rajendran, who inspected the spot, said that investigations were on to ascertain the cause of the accident. \"The fire has been put off, but there is an unbearable heat at the spot. We can access the spot only after the area cools down and ascertain the cause of the accident,'' the company representative said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15499005", "title": "Lower tower radiation levels? Then pay more", "text": "MUMBAI: Freedom from the alleged deadly intensity of electro-magnetic radiation from cell phone towers may come at a price for consumers, especially in the city, where tower density is comparatively higher.A recent department of telecommunication (DoT) directive to reduce levels of radiation to 1/10th may force telecom operators to increase towers or base transmission stations of lesser radiation levels, rather than putting up fewer high-radiati-on towers.This, experts said, would increase capital expenditure of operators, which consumers may have to compensate by paying higher tariffs. Each station comes at Rs 3-5 lakh and requires costlier maintenance. But sources said companies will have to first appeal for a higher tariff before the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI), following which the authority will take a decision after hearing consumer appeals.Against high-radiation towers fitted as densely as 300 metres from each other in Mumbai, telecom firms may have to go in for lower power stations or towers beyond a minimum 500-metre peripheral distance from each other.The distance between towers has been specified in the natural habitat by the environment ministry, which is supposed to be 1,000 metres from each tower. But for dense urban localities like Mumbai, having highrises, no specific distance is recommended.IIT professor Girish Kumar said each tower should radiate maximum two watts of power and be placed 500 metres from each other. \"Consumers can fit repeaters of maximum 0.1 watt capacity in offices or homes for safer radiation levels,\" he said.Though bringing down radiation levels is welcome, he said, it will not reduce below 450 milliwatts, which is still high. \"Cell phone firms will not obey this directive of reducing levels. They will only assure consumers that radiation levels are lower than what is prescribed. We need a strong monitoring force to get it implemented,\" said Kumar. He said the notification could be a ploy to show the betterment of society but will result in more towers mushrooming, and consumers will have to pay for infrastructure and maintenance through bills.Kumar said health problems occur after 15 years if the power is .1 watts, but with .45 watts (or 450 milliwatts), it takes few years. \"With 10 watts, it's a matter of one or two years,\" he said. But Rajan Mathews, director-general, Cellular Operators Association of India), said levels were in compliance with international standards., thus achieving safest levelsThe survey was by several institutes, including the wireless communication laboratory of IIT Madras and was sponsored by COAI and the Association of Unified Telecom Service Providers of India, Mathews said.TRAI eye on cityThe Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI) has started setting up its office in Mumbai to keep an eye on telecom, broadcasting and cable services in the western region. It recently appointed Madan Mohan , a senior Indian Telecommunication Services officer, as its advisor for the region, which comprises Mumbai, Maharashtra, Gujarat and Goa. Monitoring quality and standards of services through audits and surveys, and ensuring compliance of tariff-related guidelines by telecom, broadcasting and cable operators, will be the office's main responsibility, besides development of consumer advocacy groups and coordination with telecom enforcement and resource-monitoring cells of the department of telecommunication.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "15499409", "title": "Now, Chandrababu Naidu promises free education for Muslims", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: TDP chief Chandrababu Naidu has set his eyes on dominant caste groups in the state and is leaving no chance to appease and mingle with them. After declaration of the BC action plan and taking a pro-SC classification stance, Naidu promised to come out with a Muslim minority declaration shortly. Making a political speech at an iftar hosted by the party here on Tuesday, Naidu vowed not to return to NDA anytime in the future.\"We have always been working for the overall development of Muslims in the state. We will come out with a comprehensive plan within the next four months,\" he promised. He said that education for Muslim minority children would be extended free of cost if TDP returned to power in the next elections.Taking a dig at communal parties, Naidu alleged that some leaders are trying to poison the secular fabric of the country and such leaders should be barred from the public life.Naidu, who arrived here around evening, reached Seshasai kalyana mandapam where the iftar was held and spent nearly two hours with the Muslim leaders and elders. This is first time that Naidu has attended an iftar outside Hyderabad during his long political career.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15500758", "title": "Amritsar, Rupnagar are smoke-free districts", "text": "On the eve of Independence Day, the Punjab government has declared Amritsar and Rupnagar as smoke-free districts. School of Public Health, PGIMER, Chandigarh, was entrusted the task of conducting a compliance survey and opinion poll to verify the compliance of COTPA Act, 2003 (Cigarettes &amp; Other Tobacco Products Act) in Amritsar and Rupnagar. In his report, assistant professor Sonu Goel concluded that absence of active smoking was noticed in 95% and 92% of public places in Amritsar and Rupnagar districts respectively. Punjab director health services J P Singh added that this study paved the way for officially declaring Amritsar and Rupnagar districts \"smoke free\".I-Day preparations: Cops record DDR: Jalandhar Deputy Commissioner Priyank Bharti had asked police to register a case against five college principals for failing to attend Independence Day preparatory programmes, but the police recorded just a Daily Diary Report (DDR). However, college principals have pointed out that \"when the meeting was scheduled for July 25, his office dispatched the letter on July 24\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15499608", "title": "Accused in ragging case give police the slip", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The effort by police to arrest the four accused in a ragging case in the city hasn't yet succeeded. The four have reportedly gone into hiding. Police team investigating the ragging case in JDT Islam IGNOU Community College, who reached the houses of the accused on Tuesday morning, found them missing.Police have extended their search to the neighbouring districts. Chevayur police said they had also failed to trace the tower location of the mobile phone numbers of the accused.The incident took place on August 7. Shaniba, a first year student of the college, was brutally assaulted by four senior male students. She and her classmate Shammi Thaha were injured in the incident. Police registered the case against the four second year students based on a list given by the anti-ragging squad last week.Chevayur SI said police had asked the accused to surrender as they have been charged under section 4 of the Kerala Prohibition of Ragging Act 1998 as per which no court will grant them anticipatory bail.Meanwhile, the Chevayur police registered a fresh case in connection with ragging in the same institution on Tuesday. According to the complainant, a plus one student, on Thursday a 10-member gang of senior students physically tortured him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15498121", "title": "Three ayurvedic colleges get nod for admitting students", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The prevailing uncertainty over continuance of under-graduate courses in the three state-run ayurvedic colleges has finally got over with the Central Council of Indian Medicine (CCIM) recently giving a go ahead to the institutions for admitting students as usual. The privately-run SSN Ayurveda College and Research Institute at Paikmal in Bargarh district has also secured the CCIM nod to go ahead with the admission of 50 students new students this year.This comes as a big relief for the government as the CCIM had last year stopped admission in KATS Ayurveda College, Ganjam, citing lack of minimum infrastructure and faculty. It had also made adverse remarks against Gopabandhu Ayurveda Mahavidyala, Puri and Government Ayurveda College, Balangir, raising concern that these two colleges too would face similar fate.Admission committee convenor Dr K B Mahapatra said the three colleges will select students on the basis of merits. Plus II science pass-outs having physics, chemistry and biology as elective subjects can apply for the five-and-a-half-year courses, he said.The colleges will start selling forms from August 16. Forms can also be downloaded from www.drachmc.nic.in. The last date to apply is September 4.During an earlier assessment, CCIM, the regulator of Indian system of medicine, had pointed out that 62-year-old Gopabandhu College in Puri was plagued by a host of problems and did not fulfil the basic eligibility conditions laid down by it for better education. The college had just 15 teachers then. It has increased to 30 now.The Puri college, however, did not get permission for continuing with its PG course. It needs at least 44 teachers to be eligible to offer PG courses, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15499280", "title": "Curchorem Cacora municipal council to review traders seeking rehabilitation", "text": "MARGAO: In a bid to provide justice to aggrieved vendors awaiting rehabilitation, the chief officer of the Curchorem Cacora municipal council (CCMC), Agnelo Fernandes, has decided to review the applications made by traders awaiting rehabilitation into the market complex built by the Goa state urban development agency (GSUDA).As per municipality records, 192 structures were razed by the CCMC in 1998, to comply with the directives of the high court of Bombay at Goa on June 4, 1997, to demolish all structures located on public pathways thereby obstructing movement of pedestrians on footpaths.The CCMC failed to rehabilitate all the displaced traders into the GSUDA market complex in a transparent manner, resulting in allegations of irregularities in the market complex.Upon the suggestion of the Curchorem MLA Nilesh Cabral, Fernandes conducted an inquiry into the issue and placed his report before the special meeting of the council held last week.\"After verifying the entire material on record, I found that the earlier report prepared by the CCMC over displaced vendors was not up to the mark (in terms of facts and figures). Therefore, it has now been decided to issue notices to all those vendors whose applications were earlier rejected by the council, asking them to produce documents supporting their claim for rehabilitation,\" Fernandes told TOI.The cases will be reviewed afresh but will be limited to only those who have not been allotted the shops/spaces yet in the market complex yet and whose names figure in the tentative list prepared by the CCMC in 2010 for rehabilitation.Out of the 62 persons figuring in the civic body's tentative list, 26 have already been allotted shops subsequently, while the applications of 34 others were rejected by the council. Only those whose applications have been rejected will be given a fresh opportunity to present their case afresh.\"Whatever shops and platforms (already) given as per the rehabilitation scheme and the high court orders has attained finality...I do not find any illegalities in the allotment done till date,\" Fernandes said, in his inquiry report, adding that the remaining 49 shops and the 59 platforms which are vacant will be allotted to interested parties through an open auction once the approval is obtained from the government.The GSUDA market complex was handed over to the CCMC by the government as part of the rehabilitation project for displaced vendors. Of the 108 shops and 80 open spaces for vegetable vendors in the GSUDA market complex, the CCMC has so far managed to allot only 57 shops and 21 platforms to the dispossessed traders.Outlining the broad framework within which he conducted his investigations, Fernandes said in his report that his inquiry was primarily based on the directions given by the high court to rehabilitate only those displaced traders who were plying their trade in municipal property and having valid trade license as on June 4, 1997.The chief officer's inquiry report has brought to the fore the failure of the CCMC in formulating its own rehabilitation scheme within the timeframe set by the government - an indication to the possibility that several displaced traders were rendered ineligible for rehabilitation owing to the civic body's apathetical attitude towards the dispossessed traders, as many now find themselves ineligible to meet the government's rehabilitation criteria.'Whatever said and done, in my opinion, the municipality cannot take any decision which is contrary to the settled principle of law. Though the council has suggested that it can take its own decision (on the criteria to be adopted for rehabilitation) it has to be approved by the government, which has not been found in the file...Though this council has displaced many licensed structures which were functioning in private property they cannot be covered under the rehabilitation scheme in the GSUDA market,' the report says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15499571", "title": "In a first, Centre issues advisory on NE people", "text": "NEW DELHI: Concerned over the attacks on people from northeast in the wake of the communal conflagration in Assam, Centre on Tuesday asked states to ensure the safety from people from the region. The \"advisory\", perhaps the first of its kind in that it is meant for the protection of people having distinct facial features, is particularly directed at Maharashtra, Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, Tamil Nadu and Delhi which all have significant presence of people from the north-east.The directory follows attacks in Pune on students and others from Northeast. There have since been copycat attacks in other regions as well, forcing people from Assam, Manipur and Nagaland to flee from Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka.Centre has asked the states to reinforce police presence in localities where people from northeast live. Though the ministry did not specifically name a 'racial features' to identify people of the region, it is implicit in the communication as there is no other way to identify them. The advisory said calls for help must be taken seriously.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15499525", "title": "Discoms plan uninterrupted power supply on Independence Day", "text": "BHOPAL: The three power distribution companies ( discoms) in Madhya Pradesh - central, east and west have firmed up a plan to supply round-the-clock electricity across the state on Wednesday - the Independence Day.Officials said that this development assumes significance given that MP is witnessing erratic power supply resulting in load shedding ranging from 1 to 12 hours for last couple of days - at a time - when the peak demand is hovering below 4900 mw. Two joint venture (state and centre) hydel projects of 1400 mw and some coal fired units had been shut down following technical reasons in MP some time ago. Two JVs and hydro units restarted electricity generation after two-three days.\"We have made arrangements to give unhindered electricity on Wednesday,\" MP power management company limited ( MPPMCL) managing director Manu Shrivastava told TOI.\"The morning off peak and evening peak demand is likely to cross 3600 Mega Watt (mw) and 5000 mw respectively and we are going to meet it for the day, state load despatch centre officials said.Right now, MP power generating company limited's (MPPGCL) thermal and hydel generation strength was 2807.5 mw and 917.5 mw respectively. But, seven coal fired units of MPPGCL having an installed capacity to generate 1455 mw were not functioning - the biggest unit of 500 mw had been shut down for annual maintenance and overhaul at Birsinghpur in Umaria while the some had been closed following wet coal. One 210 mw unit at Satpura thermal power station , at Sarni, Betul is going to be re-started electricity generation in few hours, officials said.Apart from its own thermal and hydel power stations, MPPGCL gets around 2500 mw electricity as central share, 660 mw from Sardar Sarovar hydel project and 1400 mw from NHDC - a joint venture of NHPC and state government on river Narmada.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15498124", "title": "Haryana govt wants him to clear \u2018mess\u2019 before House meets", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Does former Haryana home minister Gopal Kanda have just 10 more days to play his cards? Sources say that the state government has put pressure on him to find a legal way out or surrender well before the monsoon session of the assembly on August 24, where the opposition is reportedly gearing up to take on the government in a big way.Sources revealed that Kanda, who is missing since the last eight days, took the help of legal eagle KTS Tulsi only after a message was conveyed to him from the top echelons of the Haryana government to try every possible way to get out of this mess.With just two years to go for polls and already under fire over a number of issues \u2014 from allegations of not reining in khaps and preventing atrocities on dalits to problems over land acquisition \u2014 the state government is learnt to have not only given Kanda the cold shoulder, but has also sent across a strong message - \"stop being an embarrassment.\"Sources say that having burnt bridges with his previous political master Om Prakash Chautala , when he shifted allegiance to the Congress, Kanda is now \"politically isolated\" and pressure is growing on him to either ensure legal bailout or surrender before the assembly session begins.\"Clearly, the government does not wish to provide more fodder to the opposition when the monsoon session begins. The legal recourse was taken after the message was sent out to him. The government will now have something to reply in the assembly,\" said a top source in Haryana police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15500508", "title": "Mysore college's innovation an energy saver for AP temple", "text": "MYSORE: The famous Parimala Prasadam served at Kurnool temple in Andhra Pradesh has a link to Mysore.The energy-saving innovation of the National Institute of Engineering, Centre for Renewable Energy and Sustainable Technologies (NIE-CREST) has reached the kitchen of Mantralayam temple.The prasadam is prepared using fuel-efficient biomass stoves \"Asthara\", designed by the city-based engineering college which save up to 50 per cent of firewood every day.Five months ago, NIE -CREST replaced the conventional stoves with four fuel efficient biomass stoves. The stoves were installed after studying the entire process of prasadam making. \"Old conventional stoves were not fuel efficient and they produced more carbon. They had a bad impact on cooks' health. So we decided to replace them with fuel efficient stoves,\" says NIE-CREST director S Shamsundar.Conventional stoves used to consume more than 500 kg of wood every day but, after installing new stoves it was reduced to 250 kg per day. Fuel efficient stoves have been developed using basic scientific principles of combustion and heat transfer involving conduction. About 70-80 per cent of the heat can be used in this system where it is 10-20 per cent in conventional stoves. \"It reduces usage of firewood up to 100 tonnes and saves Rs 4 lakh a year.Heat resistance bricks help save more heat. It also reduces carbon dioxide up to 10,000 kg and create a clean and healthy atmosphere for priests preparing prasadam,\" he added. Cotton and dal stems can also be burnt in fuel-efficient stoves instead of firewood.Every day, the temple authorities use the stoves for nearly 4 to 5 hours and the demand goes up two-fold during Aradhana season. Around 400 to 500 degree heat is required to prepare prasadam, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15498804", "title": "BEST identifies 110 mishap-prone spots", "text": "MUMBAI: Congress member Ravi Raja on Tuesday presented before the BEST committee a official list of 110 accident-prone spots in Mumbai where BEST bus accidents were maximum during the past few years.According to the data, there are 14 mishap-prone areas near Worli depot followed by nine at Anik, 8 each at Vikhroli and Backbay Reclamation.BEST general manager Om Prakash Gupta, while clarifying that it was an \"old list\" of accident spots,said the number of accidents involving BEST buses had dropped by over 33% in the past two decades. \"Official statistics showed nearly ten people die on railway tracks in Mumbai on an average daily. However, there are only two BEST bus accidents daily, most of which are minor. We are trying to reduce the number of mishaps,\" Gupta said. The transport undertaking ferries 40 to 45 lakh passengers daily. Gupta said the BEST would soonprovide the data on mishaps to the high court. \"I will proudly mention that BEST has done exemplary work in reducing number of accidents in the past 20 years,'' he informed the committee. Statistics showed that the number of accidents had dropped from 1,774 in 1992-93 to 847 incidents in 2010-11 and 814 in 2011-12. \"Of these, there were 91 fatal accidents in 1992-93 and this had dropped to 49 cases in 2010-11 and 26 cases in 2011-12,'' an official said. In 2012 alone, there were 15 fatal accidents so far.\"We have taken several measures, including deploying plainclothes inspectors in buses to catch drivers who flout traffic rules. Nearly 4,000 drivers have been issued memos in past one year,\" Gupta said.\"The punishment has also been upgraded and made stringent. \"Several programmes have been held to sensitize drivers and conductors, and speed governors have been installed in our buses,\" he added. The governors in double decker buses have speed limit of 50 kmph while those in some of the single deckers have limits increased (recently) from 50 kmph to 65 kmph.Raja and another committee member Yakub Memon also complained about rash driving. Gupta countered that a vigil squad has been keeping tabs on drivers. \"Our drivers refrain from jumping signals,\" he added.somit.sen@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "15502123", "title": "793 villages to be taken out of wildlife sanctuary area: Dhumal", "text": "SHIMLA: Eyeing the votebank of people residing in 793 villages in wildlife sanctuary areas of Himachal Pradesh , chief minister Prem Kumar Dhumal announced on Tuesday to take out these villages out of sanctuary areas as part of the ongoing process of rationalisation of sanctuaries.State government has finalised the draft plan on rationalisation of wildlife sanctuaries and boundaries of national parks, which will exclude all human inhabited villages from the sanctuary areas. This will pave the way for the undertaking of new development schemes, including road construction and irrigation projects, which will benefit the people living in these villages. At present villages under sanctuary areas are deprived of development as no developmental activities could be carried inside the sanctuary area.As the assembly elections in the state are likely to be held in November this year, BJP government has already started the process of making announcement to attracting the votebanks of different sections of the society. Earlier, the government accepted the many of the pending demands of employees and now issue of sanctuary area is being resolved, which otherwise was pending for last many decades.Denotification of 793 villages out of wildlife sanctuaries has gained momentum in the election year with opposition Congress raising the issue in the budget session of assembly in March and blaming the state government for failing to take enough measures for the early redressal of thousand of villagers from these villages who are deprived of developmental activities since long.State Congress president Kaul Singh Thakur had raised the issue said that due to delay in taking 793 villages out of sanctuary area, all the developmental activities have come to halt in the wildlife areas. He said Supreme Court had given three month's time to state government to complete the formalities but six months have passed while issue is still pending.People residing in the villages covered under sanctuary areas of state since long are demanding to denotify villages so that developmental activities could take place there. Right now as per the provision, water pipe upto 4 inch, 11 kv electricity line, telephone line, anganwari building, dispensary could be laid or constructed in these areas.In reply to question from Kaul Singh Thakur, forest minister Khimi Ram had informed that process got delayed as matter is pending before the Supreme Court. He said that shortly government would send its reply as final decision has to be taken by the apex court.Supreme Court in its order on August 10 last year had directed the state government to complete the formalities within three months. State has 33 wildlife sanctuaries having total area of 5,731.35 square km and two national parks having forest area of 1,429.40 square km. State government has proposed to exclude 1,122.35 square km area from the forest notified area comprising around 793 villages to ensure there development besides to avoid man-animal conflict. Government also intends to include new 2,275.35 square km area to increase the forest cover area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15499547", "title": "Antony tells forces to stay away from corruption", "text": "NEW DELHI: Defence minister A K Antony on Tuesday warned the armed forces that all their exemplary work in guarding the country's borders, counter-terror and disaster relief operations could get tarnished if they allow corruption to make inroads into the forces.\"Corruption is today a serious challenge facing our nation \u2014 and our armed forces are no exception to the rule. Corruption not only badly affects the morale of the personnel, but also has many other implications,\" Antony said to the forces on the eve of Independence Day.He added, \"I appeal to each one of you to renew the pledge to work with all the honesty, fairness and transparency at your command Our armed forces have been renowned for their hard work, determination,efficiency and discipline. It's our individual duty and collective responsibility to ensure that the excellent work done by our armed forces in general is not undone at any cost.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15501913", "title": "Mamata wants state funding for elections", "text": "KOLKATA: West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee wants electoral reforms and transparency in Indian politics. Writing on her Facebook wall on the eve of the 66th Independence Day, Mamata said that there should be state funding for contesting elections. She also opined in favour of value-based politics.\"Time has come to strengthen our democratic tradition, value based politics, ushering accountability, transparency, electoral reforms (including state funding) unearthing black money and rooting out corruption.\" Mamata wrote that there should be accountability of the politicians as well. Mamata is also against black money and for weeding out corruption from the society.The Bengal CM wrote: \"Without economic freedom, political freedom is not complete. I perceive that economic independence is yet to reach all segments of the society. It is only a few individuals and advantaged who are enjoying economic independence and sermonizing people. They belong to a small percentage, remotely connected with the common people, who are still awaiting to taste the fruits of development. This is a social malaise.\"This clearly focuses how the Bengal CM, who still lives in an one-room house at Kalighat, is pro-poor and is vocal against the rich who hoard black money. Mamata wants to end private funding of elections. She wants to make an end to the raj of black money and asked that the Centre should take much effective steps to unearth black money. Team Anna is already demanding that black money stashed away in Swiss Banks should be brought back to India. Recently to satisfy the agitating Team Anna, Union finance ministry had released a white paper on black money.Mamata on Tuesday night resolved to rededicate herself for the cause of the downtrodden. She wants that the democratic system should be strengthened. \"We must remember that our country can flourish to a greater height, only with the unwavering zeal and support of the common people,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15499768", "title": "Rumours trigger exodus of Assam people from Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: Following Saturday's violence in Mumbai, there is panic among migrant workers from Assam settled in Hyderabad for the last decade. Many migrants are now leaving the city for their hometowns. In a worrisome trend, an estimated 3,000 migrants, all from Assam, who lived in bastis such as Siddique Nagar and Anjaiah Nagar in Hi-Tec City, left for their home state on Sunday. Most of them work as security guards and housekeeping staff at the many IT firms dotting Hi-Tec City and have left in a rush, many of them leaving behind their belongings and in some cases also unpaid debts.On Sunday, the Madhapur police posted a picket at Siddique Nagar and even started regular patrolling of the two bastis, which are inhabited by migrant workers from Assam, Orissa, West Bengal and Bihar. The bastis are also being patrolled through the night. Locals said 70% of the Assamese migrant workers had already fled soon after rumours about people from Assam being targeted started flying thick and fast.\"We have a complaint from the Assamese community that they were threatened. We are in the process of identifying who threatened them and investigating the matter. We have asked the community members to approach the police if there is any problem. We are also trying to identify the total number of people who have left for Assam,\" said D Tirumala Rao, Cyberabad police commissioner.On Tuesday, there was simmering tension at these settlements, tucked behind the bustling IT hub of Hyderabad. Locals were seen gathering on the road and discussing in hushed tones the exodus that was taking place. They said that over the last two days hundreds of houses have been deserted. \"A lot of my friends have left in the last two days in panic. I tried to stop them but they kept saying they were being targeted and that their families back home were asking them to come back,\" said Rajan Saki, who hails from Assam and runs a small security agency in Hyderabad. Saki is among the few who have stayed back as he said that nobody has seen anybody attack anyone but there were rumours about people from Assam being threatened and warned by members of a community.Security agencies' staff shrinks in cityThe police and locals maintained that these were only rumours that many migrants were falling prey to. It also appears the problem is limited to a couple of bastis that fall under Cyberabad (Hyderabad and Cyberabad have different commissionerates). When asked about migrants from Assam leaving, Hyderabad police commissioner Anurag Sharma said that these were all rumours and that not a single complaint regarding any threats had been filed with the police. He also said that people should not believe these rumours.Nevertheless, local security agencies which have many Assamese migrants working with them say their staff has shrunk in the last two days. \"About 10 guards from Assam have left since Sunday. They said they were being threatened. There were also frantic calls from their parents asking them to return. They have however promised that they would return once the situation improves,\" said R Anil, field officer, Paramount Security Services. Leni Mathang of Assam Youth Wing said that many security guards, employees of beauty parlours and domestic helps hailing from Assam lived in Manikeshwari Nagar for many years now are feeling threatened given the mixed profile of communities there. \"Many people from northeastern states in general who are working in Hyderabad are worried about their safety,\" Mathang said.Now, locals and those who have stayed back and the police are battling such rumours and trying to contain the panic. Saki along with a Madhapur police inspector was seen doing the rounds of Siddique Nagar and Anjaiah Nagar speaking to the Assamese residents there assuring them that they were safe. The police were seen passing on contact numbers of various police officials and even basti leaders they could contact in case of any emergency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "15501963", "title": "At Rs 40k rent income, Bengali family guards Jallianwala Bagh site", "text": "AMRITSAR: Shortly after sunrise, a modest and austere looking man in-charge at the Jallianwala Bagh massacre site Sukumar Mukherji surveys a cohort of tourists queuing up on the famous narrow alley at the memorial.Even as a notice here sternly warns that recreational activities are banned at this free public park, knots of people sprawl on the grass -- littering empty food wrappers and joyfully scanning the bullet marks -- prompting Mukherji to quickly request them to maintain a mood of somber and respect.Attired in a locally-stitched cheap cotton overalls and nattily worn rubber sandals, he walks up to the milling crowd outside his decrepit two-storied office-cum-residence at the memorial.\"Please don't spoil those walls and the martyr's well. General Brigadier Dyer had ruthlessly ordered his troops to pump the imperial bullets into the trapped crowd here on April 13, 1919.\" he tells them.Ever since the carnage, the Mukherji family living from the crumbling, falling-apart quarters of this memorial, has unflinchingly guarded and preserved the poignant site.\"My grandfather had moved to Amritsar in 1910 from the Hooghly district of West Bengal. When the massacre took place, he was pained and agonized and approached the Indian National Congress to pass a resolution to acquire the land\" he says, showing the land record of 1920, with the self-effacing shyness.The land was purchased at a hiked up price of Rs 5.65 lakh in 1920 after Gandhi ji's appeal to the nation helped the trust collect the money.Mukherji's grandfather, Dr Sasthi Charan was then appointed the first secretary of the trust.The museum has always continued to attract visitors and historians, giving the most palpable glimpse ever of the brutalities of the British Raj.However, the family's own stay here has been ridden with poverty and a collective show of patriotism.To preserve the heritage, the single room, for years has been shared between Mukherji's mother, wife and kids - without the frills of a television set, air conditioner and decent lights.The members here still sleep on makeshift beds and cots, often in the company of pigeons and sparrows.\"We had rented a part of building in 1974 to the Punjab National Bank to feed our family. We have survived on that\" he quips.The rent has increased only a trifle little from Rs 11,500 to Rs 40,000 that barely fills the empty kitchens of the Mukherjee family and the 14-member ancillary staff.Rare central grants have reached and been spent on the renovation work, most often drawing ire of some historians criticizing the resurrection work.\"I had proposed the central government the idea to introduce a fee of albeit Rs 2. However, that was dismissed by the Punjab government. The central government under the leadership of PV Narasimha Rao and the then deputy prime minister L K Advani and mooted the idea of fee, like at all other monuments\" he points out. Mukherji's face grows grim and his eyes turn pale red, moist with tear drops rolling down his cheeks as he mentions about his family's travails including her elder daughter Proshita contracting Hepatitis-C last year in November.\"Ten years ago she had developed high dengue fever. She could never recover and started becoming frail over the years. I have now sent her and my wife to Kolkata to my in-laws home,\" he wails.Stacks of books and a non-functional assembled computer belonging to Mukherji's kids, remain locked inside a glass cabinet.He recalls how his younger daughter Shreya, who barely found a job in Dhaka after completing her graduation in fashion merchandising, would question the pomp and show on visits of Presidents, ministers, bureaucrats and foreign officials.\"My younger daughter's birthday falls on Marty's Day March 23 and every year there would be an official visit on that day. I would console her with the red carpets and martial bands played for the officials\" he says.Soon, there is a sudden gesture of resilience\"Look at those new air-conditioned rooms keeping archived souvenirs .Don't forget to miss the sound and light show in the evening\" he walks back with a warm smile.Timeline: How Jallianwala Bagh Memorial came into existence1919: Bengali freedom fighter S C Mukherji moves a draft for the trust1920: Trust founded after a resolution passed by the INC1923: Land purchased by Gandhiji's appeal to nation at Rs 5.35 lakhs1951: Jallianwala Bagh National Memorial Act passed by the GOI.1955: Design prepared by American architect Benjamin Polk1961: President Dr Rajendra Prasad on April 13 inaugurate memorial in the presence of Jawaharlal Nehru and other leadersGrants given to Jallianwala Bagh Memorial April 13, 1961: Rs 10 lakhs16th May 2007: Rs 22.98 lakhs by PM Manmohan SinghJanuary, 2009: Rs 3.42 crore on sound and light show by ITDC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "15502152", "title": "Battling thunder of guns with candles and cheers", "text": "JALANDHAR: Amid all the ups and downs in relations between India and Pakistan there is one endeavour to celebrate freedom of both India and Pakistan. In the last 17 years lighting candles at Wagah border on the eve of freedom, the day has become a major non-governmental CBM which continues battling jingoism between both the countries. It happens to be the only place and occasion when freedom of India and Pakistan are celebrated together.It was a one sided affair when activists of hind Pak Dosti Manch led by veteran journalist Kuldip Nayyar started lighting candles on the Wagah border in 1996 on the eve of freedom day. It remained a one-sided affair for nine years and finally the compassion and sincerity of these peaceniks managed to evoke similar vibes of warmth and sincerity from the other side of Radcliffe line.What started as a candle-lighting affair has now expanded to a mega affair of arranging cultural programme on both sides of the border on August 14, seminars on both sides, exchanging artistes of both the countries for the cultural functions.\"The most difficult period was post Kargil war and then attack on Parliament when jingoistic voices had grown stronger and were even finding some popularity but we were clear that this phase of negativity would have to be overcome and such endeavours required to be pursued more vigorously. We faced heat from opponents with calm and consistency in our endeavour and then after some years governments of both the countries started emphasizing better relations between both the countries,\" said Satnam Singh Manak, general secretary of Hind Pak Dosti Manch.Even as prominent citizens of the country and even Bollywood personalities including Mahesh Bhattt, Nandita Das, lyricist Gulzar, senior journalist Vinod Mehta or CPI leader Sita Ram Yechury have been attending the candle light vigils but the endeavour has witnessed leg pullers also mainly from the right wing organizations including a former minister of Punjab.\"The main energy goes in countering the inertia and negativity in our own official machinery but we never try to circumvent the official requirements and formalities.,\" said Deepak Bali, secretary of the Manch. Permission for organizing the affair at border in the late evening has to be sought from Ministry of Home Affairs.\"This is the biggest CBM (Confidence Building Measure) between both the countries as this is not the pressure from some third force or on each other which would make the leaders of both the countries to ensure cordial relations between both the countries but the pressure from within the respective countries. We will not be cowed down by the jingoists or the hate mongers,\" said Ramesh Yadav of Folklore Research Academy.South Asian Free Media Association (SAFMA) has been the main force in the Pakistan side to propel the peace initiatives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15499601", "title": "Pilgrims hit as 28 Haj tour operators lose licence", "text": "HYDERABAD: Haj plans of hundreds of pilgrims from Andhra Pradesh have been put off this year after the central government cancelled the licences of 28 Private Tour Operators (PTOs) offering the tour in the state. The remaining 15 PTOs who managed to get licence could garner a meagre quota of 1,567 as against last year's 2,200.In accordance with the Haj agreement signed with the government of Saudi Arabia, Haj quota is allotted between the Haj Committee of India and the PTOs. The Haj committee allocates its quota among the various states/Union Territories in proportion to the Muslim population through computerized Qurrah (draw of lots). The private tour operators deal on first-come-first-serve basis.Operators say that this decision of the central government has come as a blow to the state since there is a huge demand for Haj pilgrimage from denizens. \"Most of the PTOs disqualified are medium and small ones. The big operators have orchestrated this,\" alleged Mehfooz Ahmed of Sana Tours and Travels, who claims that despite proper records, his licence was rejected.Operators charge Rs two lakh to Rs four lakh per pilgrim depending on the facilities provided. Incidentally, this fare is nearly double of what the Haj committee charges (Rs 1.62 lakh for Green Category and Rs 1.33 lakh for Azizia). Mohammed Abdur Razzak, president, Haj and Umrah Tour Organisers Welfare Association of AP, said that the licences were rejected due to some discrepancies in the turnover shown by some PTOs. According to Razzak, AP's quota allotted to PTOs should have been 4,500 at least. He adds that this year's biggest beneficiaries were Maharashtra which bagged a quota of 16,000 followed by Kerala that managed to get a quota of 14,000.Operators say that it is usually the affluent class that opts for the services provided by them that include making arrangements for visa, tickets, accommodation in Mecca and Madina, food, transportation, tour guides and taking care of medical emergencies, among others. Despite the high rates, the demand for private Haj tour is steadily increasing every year. \"These days people have money and are willing to spend, resulting in a consistent rise in the demand,\" says an operator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15499114", "title": "Man rapes minor who babysat his daughter", "text": "NAGPUR: After suffering in silence for a month, a 14-year-old girl finally spoke out against her neighbour who raped her repeatedly.Vijay Balpande, father of a one-year-old daughter, was arrested within an hour of the matter being reported to Nandanwan police by the victim's parents. The teenage girl would often babysit Balpande's daughter.Divya (name changed), who had been threatened into silence by Balpande, suffered unbearable pain on Monday. The Std IX student narrated her plight after her mother repeatedly questioned her.Senior police inspector Sunil Jaiswal said, \"The victim, who is already a shy girl, was very scared and hence never tried to resist Balpande's sexual assaults,\" he said.Divya, who belongs to an underprivileged family, originally hails from Pandhurna and had shifted with her parents to Old Kharbi around seven months back.Divya's parents were happy with the prompt action taken by the police, but claimed that they were kept waiting for the whole day by doctors at Government Medical College and Hospital to conduct medical tests on Divya. The test reports have confirmed rape.Divya would often go to Balpande's house to play with his one-year-old daughter. Hence, his wife would often ask Divya to babysit her for a few hours.In her police complaint, Divya stated that Balpande forced himself on her for the first time on July 8 when she had gone to play with his daughter. Balpande's wife had gone to a relative's house. \"He gagged the victim and took her to the bathroom and threatened her,\" said police.Since then, Balpande started finding for an opportunity to meet the girl alone, either at his home or at hers. \"Once her parents had gone to a relative's house when Balpande entered her home and sent her brother out to buy chocolate. Many times, he would call her to play with her daughter whenever his wife would not present at home. He would then rape her,\" said police.It was learnt that Balpande even threatened Divya at knife point whenever she tried to oppose him. Besides rape, Balpande, a driver at a private company, was also booked under Scheduled Castes And Tribes (Prevention of Atrocities) Act. He was granted police custody till Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15499496", "title": "Parents allege foul play in boy's death", "text": "COIMBATORE: Parents of a 17-year-old K Manikandan, who committed suicide at the juvenile observation home here on Monday evening, lodged a petition with deputy commissioner of police on Tuesday alleging foul play in their son's death. The couple suspected that some of the officials at the observation home had tortured and murdered him. Judicial magistrate -III A Ramesh Babu has conducted inquiry about the boy's suicide. The district collector M Karunagaran told TOI that he had sent a proposal to the government to shift the home from the present premises and it would be brought under control of the district administration soon.Manikandan's parents K Parimala and P Krishnamurthy came to city police commissioner's office on Tuesday and lodged a petition with deputy commissioner of police Hema Karunagaran. In their petition, they alleged that police had foisted fake cases against Manikandan. Five months ago, he was arrested in connection with a theft case by Sulur police and was lodged at the observation home at Lakshmi Mills Junction here.\"We met him at the observation home 15 days ago and he was very normal. But he had told us that he was tortured by officials of the observation home and insisted us to get him bail immediately. But we didn't have enough money to arrange his bail. On Monday night we got a phone call from the home and we were informed that he has committed suicide,\" the parents said.Immediately my daughter K Priya, 20 and her husband Marimuthu went to the home and found his dead body. We suspect that officials of the observation home may have murdered him. The police should conduct detailed inquiry and take appropriate action against the culprits, Manikandan's mother said.Then the couple was taken to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH) by Race Course police and later they were questioned by judicial magistrate Ramesh Babu.Manikandan studied up to class 6 and he came worked with for a days. He used to spend his time with his friends who involved in various offences. But the police booked my son only. I met him 15 days ago and he told me that he would go for work to Kerala.I told him that I would take him out on bail soon and then he will go to work in Kerala or Sulur. He was alone lodged in a room at the juvenile home,\" said Krishnamurthy.\"Palladam and Sulur police came to my house at Sulur and threatened me and my aged mother Janakiammal. The police told us that we should not take him out on bail. So, we got afraid,\" said Parimala.The observation home superintendent V K Latha refused to comment about the allegations.\"We have sent a proposal to the state government for shifting the observation home. The home will be under controlled by the district administration soon,\" said M Karunagaran, district collector.The Race Course police have registered a case under section 176 (1) (A) of CrPC and the investigation is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15499445", "title": "Law student jumps to death", "text": "KOLKATA: A fourth-year student of National University of Juridical Science (NUJS) committed suicide by jumping off the roof of the institute's building on Monday night. The body was sent for post mortem. in Salt Lake died on jumping off the institute's roof late on Monday night. Police said that no foul play is involved.Prima facie, police said that the student, who hails from Assam, was depressed for quite some time after he failed on failing in a subject in an institute examination. On hearing a thud on Monday, caretakers and other students rushed to the spot and found the youth lying in a pool of blood. The Bidhannagar South police was immediately informed and he was taken to a private hospital where he was declared brought dead.The Bidhannagar South police who are probing the case have Police have ruled out the possibility of foul play. Monday night, he climbed to the roof of the institute and jumped off. Caretakers and other students in the complex rushed out on hearing a loud thud and found the student lying in a pool of blood. The Bidhannagar South police was immediately informed and the student was rushed to a nearby private hospital where he was declared dead. The body was later sent for post mortem. The student lived with his mother in a government housing complex in Salt Lake for the last three years that he has been studying in the institute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "miller ganj", "code": "15500248", "title": "Ramgarhia girls welcome juniors", "text": "MILLER GANJ: The fresh batch of students of Ramgarhia Girls College, Miller Ganj, was welcomed with a gala evening of performances on Tuesday. The seniors organized the freshers' party at the college auditorium.The seniors struck a friendly bond with their juniors right away. Around 50 students walked the ramp participating in Miss Fresher's contest. Yadhu Sharma was crowned as Miss Fresher while Sahina and Chetna were chosen as first and second runner-up, respectively. For the performances, BCA department won first position in dance and giddha and sports department won first position for their skit. Special prizes were given to Pooja and Gagan for their outstanding performances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15500166", "title": "Passports of four accused in granite quarry scam to be impounded", "text": "MADURAI: Tightening the grip on the accused in the large scale illegal granite quarrying scam, the police have requested the regional passport office in Madurai to impound the passports of four of the accused.A senior police official said that a requisition has been sent to the regional passport office to impound the passports of four of the accused. \"We strongly suspect that they may attempt to flee abroad. We have launched a hunt for all the accused. We may seek impounding of passports of the other accused as well if required,'' said a senior police official.The police have registered 13 cases so far on the owners and partners in 12 granite companies suspected to have illegally quarried granite from the district. Over the last few days, police have conducted several raids in the quarries, offices and residences of the accused in the scam and have arrested 26 persons including a retired assistant director of department of mines.However, all key accused in the scam - the owners and partners of granite companies - are evading arrest. Some of them including P Palanisamy, owner of PRP Exports, his two sons P Senthil Kumar (37) and P Suresh Kumar (31) and son-in-law A Maharajan (25) have filed anticipatory bail applications in the Madurai bench of Madras high court, apprehending arrest in a case registered by the Keelavalavu police station. Union chemicals and fertlisers minister M K Alagiri's son Durai Dayanidhi, has also filed an anticipatory bail plea stating that he has relieved himself from the partnership of Olympus Granites in 2010 itself.The police said a lookout circular was issued two days back in a bid to nab the absconding suspects and prevent them from crossing borders. The circular was sent to immigration authorities as well as police stations. In a bid to further tighten the grip on the suspects, the move to impound the passports was initiated.The regional passport office is likely to issue a show cause notice to the persons in question asking them to surrender the passports given the criminal cases against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15500841", "title": "Meters in clusters to check power theft", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In order to stop theft of electricity, the UT electricity department has recently adopted the same policy as Punjab when it comes to installing meters. In Punjab meters of a cluster of houses are located in one place instead of outside each house.The UT has started installing meters of two and three-storeyed houses at one spot. The department that has started installing meters in sectors 20, 27 and 41 will cover the entire city in a phased manner.The electricity department has been facing problems due to theft and officials have been finding it difficult to take action against erring residents as meters are installed right next to their doors and sometimes these also get 'installed' inside houses because of encroachments. In such cases tampering with meters and thefts become easier for residents, thereby causing losses for the department.Also officials had been facing problems when it comes to noting meter readings, as many times the meters are found locked, and when the owners are not at home, it means a wasted trip for the officials.Besides employees of the department have trouble climbing stairs to reach the third floor to note down the meter readings, as there are many houses to be covered and that also wastes a lot of time.The box for the new meters is installed on the ground floor in case of multi-storeyed houses. No one can lock these, nor is it possible to have \"kundi\" connections here.As for the marla houses, the owners are not allowed to install electricity meters beneath the stairs. They have to install it on the outer wall of the house.M P Singh, superintending engineer of the UT electricity department said they have started installing meters of clusters of houses at a common point. This helps in curbing thefts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15490280", "title": "I had put my stardom at stake for JDJ, says Ravi Kishan", "text": "Bhojpuri superstar Ravi Kishan, whose journey on dance reality show 'Jhalak Dikhla Jaa' came to an end, says he put his stardom at stake for the show.\"I had put my stardom at stake. For a star like me to take a dance show and perform in front of the whole world was not a cake walk. The producers had invested heavily on me and the other contestants,\" Ravi told PTI.\"To get myself judged at this age by the judges and the audience was quite a task and a challenge that I took,\" he said. Ravi's decision to participate in dance reality show 'Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa' was purely for his daughter.\"I took up the show for my daughter. I wanted her to see that even her father can dance and that I can do all type of dance forms. I wanted her to be proud of me. I think I have achieved it,\" Ravi said.However, Ravi clarified that he never saw himself going too far ahead in this dance show. \"I never saw myself till the end. I think my time had come to leave the show. But I am happy to have got lot of love from the co-contestants, judges and the audience,\" he said.\"I was tired, my body had given up. For nearly two-and-half months I was dancing,\" he added. But Ravi says he would continue to learn various dance forms. This is the second time he is participating in a reality show, after 'Bigg Boss'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15499223", "title": "Raj Thackeray visits Nashik projects, instructs immediate action", "text": "NASHIK: Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) chief Raj Thackeray visited some locations in the city on Tuesday and said that he wanted all developmentworks to be started immediately. He added that an expert committee would visit Nashik within a week to study the projects and within a month thereafter will submit its report to him.Thackeray visited prime locations like Ramkund, Goda Park, Kusumagraj Pratishthan, Kusumagraj Udyan, and the proposed ring road near Asarambapu Bridge, the land for which is yet to be acquired. He was accompanied by mayor Yatin Wagh, municipal commissioner Sanjay Khandare and other MNS party workers. and some officials, Thackeray visited prime locations proposed ring road nearIn course of his interaction, the MNS chief also asked for all land reservation files immediately.He asked the municipal commissioner Sanjay Khandare for detailed information on the about the rituals performed in Ramkund and also enquired about infrastructural needs needed at the location. with reference to a changing room after the last rites, etc.Thackeray emphasized on maintaining cleanliness of the area so that it could be promoted for tourism. He also ordered for a survey on sewage treatment and cautioned against to take care that the sewage being released into the Godavari. He also instructed officials that all work be started immediately to prepare Ramkund for Simhastha.While referring to his pet project, Goda Park, he asked officials to remove chambers situated in the centre of the park and also remove the country liquor shops near Ramwadi Bridge.\"The practice of releasing water from the surrounding gutters into the river should be done away with it, only then there will be cleanliness. Within eight days, a team of experts will be here and within a month they will give their report with findings to me,\" said Thackeray.Thackeray added that this visit has set a precedent for him to pay special attention to the city and is the start of several such trips that he will be making to Nashik in the future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15505220", "title": "Manmohan Singh should ensure rehabilitation of people in Assam: LK Advani", "text": "NEW DELHI: Flagging concerns of people rendered homeless in violence-hit Assam, BJP leader LK Advani today urged Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to ensure their rehabilitation so that they do not meet the same fate as Kashmiri Pandits who could not go back.\"I express their concerns today and I expect the Prime Minister, who represents Assam in Parliament, that he should be most concerned about the rehabilitation of Indians rendered homeless in Assam and make efforts in this regard,\" he told reporters here after hoisting the national flag at his residence on the occasion of Independence Day.Advani hoped the plight of those rendered homeless in Assam due to ethnic violence would not be the same as that of lakhs of people from Kashmir who had fled their home state after violence and could never return despite talk of their rehabilitation.\"In the history of India, lakhs of people from Kashmir have been rendered homeless due to violence and they had fled Kashmir to other parts of the country and could never return back even though it has been stated many times that all those who left their homes will be rehabilitated.\"In Kokrajhar of Assam, people who were forced to leave their homes after their houses were burnt down are today fearing if their position will also be the same. Today they are living in camps and they wonder whether they will ever be able to go back or not,\" he said.Advani said the violent attacks on tribals in Assam should be seen as an attack against all Indians. He also condemned the violence against people from the northeast in other parts of the country in the wake of ethnic violence in Assam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "15497975", "title": "Ghaziabad road rage victim faces police apathy", "text": "GHAZIABAD: A road rage victim is suffering from the indifference of the Ghaziabad police as they have failed to take any action in his case. The victim, a marketing manager in a leading path lab in Delhi, was thrashed by a youth in Indirapuram on August 9 after his bike nudged against a car while he was on his way to pay his electricity bill. In the incident, the victim, Rajiv Lochan Sharma, got two fractured ribs and has been advised complete bed rest by doctors.Sharma told TOI that he lives in flat 410 in Aravali apartments at Kaushambi and is the only breadwinner of his family. \"I left my residence in the morning to go to work, but decided to pay my electricity bill first. As I was about to reach the billing office, a Fiat Linea car (DL3C BM 2047) overtook my bike at the turn and in the process both vehicles nudged each other.\"The occupant of the car, a youth of 20-25 years, got out fuming and pushed me down. He then started kicking me in my stomach and chest even as I was stuck underneath my bike. None of the passersby helped me. Later, a man stopped and called my brother. He even dialled the PCR but the cops came only after half an hour,\" said Sharma.The victim said that the cops did not do anything even after he provided them the car's registration number. His family then decided to take out details on their own and came to know that the car was owned by a lawyer residing in the same colony. \"My family approached the cops with this information but they have still not registered a case,\" said Sharma.\"I took my brother to a private hospital. After an X-ray examination doctors said that he has fractured his sixth and seventh ribs on the left side,\" said Surender Mohan Sharma, the victim's brother.Station officer of Indirapuram, Gorakhnath Yadav, said that he is not aware of the incident. \"I will have to check status of the case,\" Yadav said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15499765", "title": "Government to amend mining rules", "text": "KOCHI: A comprehensive set of rules would be formed to regulate mining activities in the state in compliance with Supreme Court's recent order, state government would submit to the apex court on August 17.The existing set of rules, Kerala Minor Mineral Concession Rules of 1967, would be amended based on the recommendations of a high-level committee. The decision to appoint the committee was announced at the cabinet meeting held at Thiruvananthapuram on Tuesday.The apex court, on February 27, had ordered state governments to frame rules for mining activities in consonance with the model set of rules put forward by ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) in 2010. The high-level committee would be headed by the advocate general and would consist of two additional advocate generals, director of mining and geology department, secretary of local self-government epartment, and an additional commissioner of land revenue department.In order to prepare the comprehensive rules on mining, several existing laws and rules might have to be amended, including Kerala Land Reforms Act, Explosives Act, and Kerala Protection of River Banks and Regulation of Removal of Sand Act of 2001.Along with asking state governments to implement the rules proposed by MoEF, SC had also banned mining activities in area less than five hectares except with prior approval from MoEF. The state had subsequently approached the Supreme Court for a clarification on the order.The clarification sought for was whether the ban would be applicable to both leases and permits for mining activities granted by the state government. Mining requirements extending to a year or more are presently controlled by the state government through mining leases whereas mining for shorter periods are permitted on the basis of permits.Noting that Haryana and various other states have not implemented the recommendations and model rules framed by MoEF in March 2010, SC had asked state governments to give effect to the recommendations within six months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15499290", "title": "46 panchayat to co-opt SC members in Sept", "text": "PANAJI: A total of 46 panchayats, including 13 in Bardez and 11 in Pernem talukas, will co-opt panchayat members belonging to schedule castes in a special meeting on September 3.\"The elected panch members of the respective panchayats will vote for SC members,\" Narayan R Sawant, director of panchayats said. The meeting in the respective panchayat offices to co-opt SC members is being fixed under rule 3 of the Goa Panchayat Raj (Co-option of Members) Rules, 1997.A total of 13 representatives will be co-opted from Bardez taluka: Aldona, Assagao, Bastora, Calangute, Candolim, Penha da Franca, Reis Magos, Salvador do Mundo, Sangolda, Siolim-Marna, Socorro, Tivim and Verla-Canca. Eleven representatives will be chosen from Pernem: Agarwada-Chopdem, Arambol, Caznem-Amberem-Poroscodem, Corgao, Dhargalim, Ibrampur-Anconem, Mandrem, Parcem, Keri-Tiracol and Tamboxem-Mopa-Uguem and Torxem. In Tiswadi, four representatives from SC community will be chosen from Chimbel, Merces, Curca-Bambolim-Talaulim and St Cruz.Six from Bicholim, Amona, Carapur-Sarvan, Latambarcem, Mulgao, Ona-Maulinguem and Pale-Cotombi; four from Ponda, Bandora, Curti-Candepar, Shiroda, Usgao-Ganjem; three from Sattari, Cottorem, Dongurli-Thane and Mauxi, two from Salcete, Davorlim-Dicarpale and Seraulim, and one each in Chicalim, Dharbandora and Sanvordem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "15498240", "title": "Ancient Buddha Vihar unearthed in Jajpur", "text": "KENDRAPADA: The remains of a Buddha Vihar along with some stone images of Buddha and others were unearthed from a land in Hatikhal village in Jajpur's Badachana block on Monday. The village is located close to the famous Lalitagiri Buddhist site being maintained by the Archaeological Survey of India ( ASI).Workers came across the archaeological remains while digging to build a drain. Curious villagers then stopped the work. According to noted Buddhist researcher Harischandra Prusti, the excavated materials included a portion of a Buddha statue, a wall of 2.5 m width, discovered nearly 3ft below the surface. \"We think it is part of a Buddhist Vihar here. So far 30 m of the wall has been unearthed. Three protruding portions from the wall suggest the presence of three rooms,\" Prusti said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15502915", "title": "Charlie Sheen back on Twitter", "text": "Charlie Sheen , who had kissed Twitter goodbye just a month back, returned to the social media site, on Tuesday, to promote his father Martin Sheen's appearance on 'Anger Management'.\"It's on! My pop guest stars Thursday on Anger Management. Watch my dad show up as my dad 9:30p on FX. Best yet!!\" the New York Post quoted him as tweeting.The 46-year-old actor included a photograph of him and Martin sharing some laughs and a couple of beers from the set of the FX show.The notoriously troubled actor had quit the popular site on July 13 with a typically bizarre post, \"reach for the stars everyone. dogspeed cadre. c out.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15499407", "title": "Warren Tea to be split into two companies", "text": "KOLKATA: The battle for control of Warren Tea is finally drawing to a close. Warren board has decided to demerge the entity into two companies. Warren Tea would remain with Vinay Goenka, while a new company called James Warren Tea will be formed and will be owned by A K Ruia Group. It was first reported in TOI that a seemingly hi-pitch corporate battle was brewing over the management control of BSE-listed Warren Tea, one of the leading and oldest tea companies in the country, between A K Ruia Group and Vinay Goenka. Akhil Kumar Ruia and Ankit Ruia, the two sons of A K Ruia have been inducted on the board of Warren Tea as a whole-time director for time being till the demerger takes place.Akhil Kumar Ruia told TOI that the new company, James Warren Tea, will have seven gardens. These are Balijan, Deemoolie, Dhoedhaam, Rajah, Thowra, Tippuk and Zaloni. Warren Tea has 14 gardens on south banks of upper Assam with 8,000 hectares of land. It has a turnover of close to Rs 250 crore and produces over 15.5 million kg of high quality tea. A K Ruia Group holds 42.25% in Warren, while Vinay Goenka has 41.5%. \"The new company will have annual production capacity of 8 million KG. We are looking forward to a speedy demerger. After the demerger, we will hire people in both Kolkata and Assam for strengthening the growth,\" Ruia added.It may be noted that Asheden Investment, an A K Ruia Group investment firm, had gone to the court last year challenging the removal of A K Ruia as the chairman of Warren Tea. It had also pleaded to nullify the last annual general meeting of the company held on September 9.The board of directors of Warren had removed chairman A K Ruia in September 2011 and elevated Vinay Goenka as the chairman. Goenka was the managing director of Warren Tea. Later, he became the executive chairman, though A K Ruia continued to be the chairman till the last annual general meeting held on September 9.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "15498042", "title": "Man held for killing nephew", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Police have managed to arrest the man who shot dead his nephew in Shastri Nagar in Ghaziabad in the early hours of Sunday. The accused, Hari Mohan Kaushik, is a former Samajwadi Party councillor and shot dead 30-year-old Prashant in an inebriated condition after a heated argument over a 'trivial' issue.Earlier, police said Prashant was killed following a dispute over a luxury car that he had bought with the construction firm's money in which his uncle was also a partner. However, \"Kaushik told us that he repeated told his nephew not to utter obnoxious comments, but when he did not stop he fired two shots in the air to scare him off. However, when he fired another bullet, it hit Prashant in the chest,\" said SP (City), SS Yadav.However, \"we know that he has a criminal background and the argument erupted over Prashant buying a Rs 26 lakh car for which he had withdrawn money from their joint account,\" Yadav added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "15504216", "title": "Chief minister Badal in state level function in Patiala on I-Day", "text": "PATIALA: Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal on Wednesday called upon the Centre to strengthen the states by giving more powers in conformity with its true federal character for realizing the dreams of our great martyrs and freedom fighters, who laid down their lives to make our country free from the shackles of British .While addressing a massive gathering on the occasion of Independence Day State level Function held here at YPS stadium after unfurling the National Flag, Badal said that this was a day of introspection for all of us to see if we have fulfilled the dreams of our great freedom fighters. But unfortunately the country still faced with massive poverty, unemployment, illiteracy, inequality and many other social evils even after 65 years of Independence.\" We have a long way to travel for fulfilling the dreams and aspirations of those who sacrificed their lives for the country,\" said Badal.The Chief Minister asked the Center to give a serious thought for setting up of a genuinely federal structure in the country as the present trend towards the unitary system was against the basic spirit of democracy. He said that the tendency of the Center to usurp the powers and authority of the states already ensured by the Constitution was detrimental to the interests of the states. Badal said the real tribute to our martyrs and heroes on this solemn day would be to cherish the aspirations of our people by ensuring them a quality life through providing basic civic amenities like safe drinking water, electricity and sewage system etc., which could only be feasible if the Center granted more financial and political powers to the states to realize the dreams of our freedom fighters.Paying rich tributes to the several known and unknown martyrs and heroes, the chief minister lauded the unprecedented and unique contribution of Punjabis in India's Independence struggle. He said that the supreme sacrifices made by our brave martyrs like Shaheed Bhagat Singh, Rajguru, Sukhdev, Lala Lajpat Rai, Shaheed Udham Singh and Kartar Singh Sarabha would ever continue to inspire our future generations. He said that though the Punjabis constituted only 2% of the country's population but their immense contribution in the freedom struggle could never be ignored because more than 75% of freedom fighters who sacrificed their lives, or faced imprisonment were Punjabis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15502141", "title": "Adnan\u2019s 3-in-1 party", "text": "The singer will celebrate his birthday, 25 years in the music industry and freedom from Sabah Galadari at his residence this weekendAdnan Sami has a lot of reasons to celebrate. Firstly, he turns a year older on August 15. Also, he completes 25 years in the music industry. And before we forget, he had promised to celebrate his freedom after acquiring divorce from his wife Sabah Galadari earlier this year. And thus, the singer is all set to party on the Independence Weekend, August 18 at his Mumbai residence. A source close to Adnan told Mirror, \"He is completing 25 years as a musician. Celebrations are in order. Also, it is his birthday. So he has planned a bash at his home. He has invited everybody who he has worked with from the music and film industries.\" The source claimed that the singer, who is now in a happy state of mind, has been losing a lot of weight. To this newspaper, Adnan had earlier said, right after the divorce battle was over, \"My wife Roya, my mother and I suffered a lot. I just want to get along with my life now.\" Needless to say, he is sticking to his plans. And to celebrate his new life, Adnan has a wonderful buffet planned for the party. \"He spent about three hours last evening with the house chef planning the menu. There will be a spread of Indian specialities, Mediterranean cuisine, sushi and also some Dutch delicacies. Adnan is a food lover and he has also added Thai food to the menu,\" the source told Mirror. And if the food is not enough, Adnan will keep his guests entertained with a live performance on the grand piano he owns. When contacted Adnam confirmed and added, \"I am inviting a lot of people who have been a part of my life, generous enough to contribute to me and help me.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15499149", "title": "After 8 months Government Medical College and Hospital gets a new Cath lab", "text": "NAGPUR: Finally after a gap of almost eight months heart diagnostic and treatment procedures have resumed at the super speciality hospital (SSH) in the Government Medical College and Hospital ( GMCH). Doctors at the hospital conducted both angiography and angioplasty procedures in the newly set up Cath lab which became functional from Tuesday.Dr Mukund Deshpande, head of the cardiology department told TOI that the procedures were conducted after over 15 days testing process. The new Cath lab happens to be the second of its kind in the country and has been set up at a cost of Rs4.8 crore under the Pradhan Mantri Swasthya Suraksha Yojna (PMSSY).The old lab had become defunct by the end of last year following which provision for the new Cath lab was made under the PMSSY. Though the Cath lab installation was completed on August 2 the lab was being disinfected and tested by the microbiology department.The new lab has certain special features like fractional flow reserve that allows the doctor to decide whether or not the patient actually needs an angioplasty or not by automatically measuring the blocks in the blood vessels. It also has the provision for measurement of rhythmic disturbances in the heart. It has a intravascular ultrasound facility which studies the anatomy of the blood vessels in heart. The new machine can also check whether or not the stent put during a angioplasty has been fixed at the right place.Dr Deshpande said that 10-20 patients requiring angiography and angioplasty are treated at the SSH every day. \"The new lab will prove specially useful to the poor patients who were all these months being sent to private hospitals,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15499698", "title": "Pioneer students allege skewed marking system", "text": "INDORE: Nearly 150 students of a private management college staged a protest on its campus on Tuesday alleging poor marking system and raising question on the weightage given to theory and practical marks.The agitated students of second semester MBA of Pioneer Institute of Professional Studies staged protest with the students' union representative and alleged that the college management has deliberately failed the students by giving poor marks in internal examination. One of the students said, \"We have failed in the examination as college gave poor marks in the internal examination. We scored well in theory and have good attendance, so it is not possible that those who scored well in theory can fail in practical.\" The students had raised a similar protest a few days ago alleging that despite being an autonomous institution, the college is not following university rules made for them.The students' union representatives alleged that college management is charging arbitrary examination fee from the students. Varsha Sharma, president, university students' union, said, \"The college is taking Rs 4,700 examination fee per semester from students whereas university examination fee is near about Rs 1,300 per semester.\" The college has not provided scholarships to several students and has fixed its own passing criteria in theory and practical, she added.However, director of the institute, P K Jain, said the college is following all norms prescribed for autonomous colleges. \"It is only a group of students that has failed in the internal examination and is now putting pressure on the college to bow to their demands.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15499039", "title": "Information panel clears 1,000 appeals every month", "text": "CHENNAI: The two-man state information commission is working overtime to clear RTI appeals, disposing about 1,000 each month. The SIC has disposed 7,565 appeals this year.The commission has disposed 7,565 appeals from January through July this year \u2014 an average of 1,080 appeals per month (see table). The panel cleared a record 1,911 disposals in March, despite being hampered by a lack of manpower.By comparison, Maharasthra's State Information Commission clears only around 3,000 of the 11,000 appeals it receives each year.The TN commission has 29 vacancies, including information commissioners and other staff. In 2010, the commission had six information commissioners. It now has only one, who, with the chief information commissioner, constitutes the commission.According to sub-section (2), Section 15 of the RTI Act, the state information commission can have up to 10 information commissioners, if deemed necessary. State chief information commissioner K S Sripati said the panel is trying to minimise pending appeals despite the staff shortage.\"We have disposed all pending appeals till April this year,\" Sripathy said. \"We study each request and reasons why public information officers (PIOs) refuse to provide data. If a PIO has no valid reason to refuse the information sought, we send the official a notice to provide the data in 30 days.\"The commission works on Sundays, too, if there is a backlog and there often is. Activists say PIOs of various departments have been denying information, violating the basic rules and norms of the Act.An official said that there has been a rise in second appeals before the commission. \"This is because most PIOs in state departments do not provide relevant information or simply refuse to provide basic information,\" said an official.\"PIOs are not trained to provide information,\" said V Gopalakrishnan, a city-based RTI activist. \"In many cases, the appellate authority does not direct the PIOs to provide data.\"The commission receives most second appeals against PIOs of civic agencies. It receives several appeals about proper replies not being provided to queries like the status of roads and supply of drinking water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15498759", "title": "HAL units put under strict vigil on Independence Day", "text": "LUCKNOW: Security around all the units of Hindustan Aeronautics Limited (HAL) in the state and Kanpur Airport has been beefed up and police of the districts concerned have been put on alert following inputs from the intelligence headquarters of a possible threat to these installations in view of the Independence Day.According to sources, the input that the headquarters received from a Central agency was specific about the possible threat to these establishments especially during I-Day celebration.Talking to TOI, Kanpur police chief Amitabh Yash did confirm that an advisory of such nature from the intelligence headquarters was received earlier. However, he refused to divulge the details, saying: \"We don't discuss details\".When contacted, Lucknow police chief RK Chaturvedi said that there was no specific advisory about any establishment but it is about general alertness. However, sources at the intelligence headquarters also confirmed that the alert was sounded to at least three districts in the state which have HAL units. The three complexes of HAL are situated in Korwa at Amethi in Sultanpur district, Kanpur and Lucknow.Besides, inputs of threat were also for Kanpur airport, intelligence sources said.At a time when Pune witnessed another coordinated low-intensity explosions on August 1 at the busy JM Road, the security forces had been asked to maintain strict vigil on these locations, the sources further added. Besides, as a general alertness, security has also been beefed up at other important establishments like Amausi Airport and railway stations etc. Directives have been given by the police to keep a watch on the movement of suspicious persons and to ensure proper checking of hotels and lodges to verify those who had come up to stay there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15505487", "title": "Babus to be paid more for expediting departmental inquiries into corruption, disciplinary or sexual harassment cases", "text": "NEW DELHI: Serving and retired government officers, conducting departmental inquiries into corruption or disciplinary or sexual harassment cases, will now get two to three times more 'honorarium' for doing their jobs. The government has announced the 'hike' in order to expedite disposal of such cases with fixing a maximum time-frame of six months.The 'honorarium' - which is fixed at Rs 5,000 to Rs 10,000 for serving 'Inquiry Officer' and Rs 15,000 to Rs 75,000 for retired ones - will, however, be reduced by half if \"there is a delay in completion of the inquiry\". But, they will not get 'cut' in their payments if the delay is due to non-cooperation of the charged officer or due to stay orders from courts.As an additional incentive, retired Inquiry Officers will also get transport allowances (Rs 15,000 to Rs 40,000) and secretarial assistance (Rs 30,000 per case) if needed during the course of their inquiries. Honorarium of 'presiding officer' of any such case has also been increased by nearly three times.Besides making the hike and giving additional incentives, the government has also asked the Central Vigilance Commission (CVC) to create and maintain a panel of retired officers or officials willing to serve as 'Inquiry Officers'.The decision to increase honorarium was taken following a recommendation by an Expert Committee, set up in May, 2010 to review the procedure of disciplinary vigilance inquiries and to recommend measures for their expeditious disposal under the chairmanship of P C Hota, former Union Public Service Commission chairman.The Committee in July 2010 had made a series of recommendations, including the proposal to increase rates of honorarium. These recommendations were later examined by the Group of Ministers on Corruption.\"The GoM considered it and recommended that the remuneration of the IOs and POs may be fixed...These recommendations have now been accepted by the government,\" said an official, referring to the DoPT's recent office memorandum.The department in its note said that the ministries or departments, where it is not possible to use the services of a serving officer as Inquiry Officer for conducting departmental inquiries, can use the services of retired officers.The retired or serving IOs will, however, not be given unlimited number of cases for inquiries in a particular year. \"The number of disciplinary cases may be restricted to 10 cases in a year with not more than two cases at a time for serving government servants and 20 cases with not more than four cases at a time for retired ones\", said an official.These honorarium is, however, only indicative for fully or partially funded autonomous bodies as the DoPT allows such bodies to retain their own provisions \"so long as they are not more beneficial than what has been proposed\" by the ministry of personnel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15498266", "title": "'Vilasrao had a soft corner for Nagpur'", "text": "NAGPUR: Rarely does death of a politician spread gloom across all parties in our divided polity. It did on Tuesday afternoon as TV news channels broke news of former chief minister and Union science and technology minister Vilasrao Deshmukh's demise in Chennai. In his death the city lost a great benefactor.Nagpur's 'sleepy village' tag got a new look after Deshmukh took special interest and deputed bureaucrat T Chandrashekhar to implement the Rs350 crore integrated road development plan here in 2000. Deshmukh would proudly tell people that Nagpur was a showcase of his prowess as an administrator. Hailing from a similar backward region of Marathwada, he could understand the angst of people craving for development and he saw to it that the second capital of the state got more than what was due to it.As ex-officio chairman of MIDC he played key role in development of Butibori as a five-star industrial estate. Later, he gave complete support to city MP Vilas Muttemwar , with whom he had a special rapport, in fulfilling the Mihan project promise. It was also during his rein as CM that the Metro region plan got the nod.Soon after he became the chief minister for the first time in 1999, Deshmukh granted a special fund of Rs25 crore for the development of the city. His latest gift to Nagpur was the academy of science and innovative research.\"He had a soft corner for the city,\" said Muttemwar. \"Vilasrao was an excellent orator, he won people easily with his charm and intellect.\"Another long-time friend and city hotelier, Mohabbat Singh Tuli said, \"I have lost a dear friend of over three decades.\" Deshmukh would always attend all functions of the Tuli family.Local Congress leader Baburao Tidke, who had a 40-year-old association with Deshmukh, was inconsolable. \"I feel sad I could do little for him. Years ago when I was sick, he sent a special doctor for my treatment and I got a new life,\" said Tidke who has named the engineering college he runs at Mouda after Vilasrao Deshmukh .BJP MLA Devendra Fadnavis said Deshmukh has left an indelible mark on the state's politics with his imaginative approach in solving people's problems. For Vidarbha Development Board expert member Madhukar Kimmatkar it was a sweet coincidence that he and Deshmukh became MLAs in the same year (1980) and later ministers of state (1982).Ramtek MP and Union social justice minister Mukul Wasnik hailed Deshmukh as an \"intelligent person\". \"We have lost a true friend, an able leader and guide,\" said Wardha MP Datta Meghe. Former minister Ranjit Deshmukh said \"the state and country had lost a leader who understood problems of rural and urban classes equally well\". \"Vilasrao's contribution to development of the city will always be remembered,\" said state minister Anil Deshmukh.\"But for Vilasrao who introduced gunthewari system, it would not have been possible for Nagpur to emerge as a modern city with malls and multiplexes,\" said city Congress chief JP Gupta who has organized an all-party condolence meeting for Deshmukh on August 19 at Deshpande Hall.\"We worked together in the state ministry in 1982,\" said former state minister and ex-MP Banwarilal Purohit.City builder Balbir Singh Renu remembered how Deshmukh kept his promise to donate Rs10 lakh for the Dalvi Charitable Hospital in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15503087", "title": "Jai joins Vaalu gang", "text": "After the critical and comemrical hit that was Engaeyum Eppothum, Jai has been working with Simbu on Vettai Mannan. The two had also become good friends during the shoot.However, STR had postponed the filming of that action entertainer to do Vaalu , a comedy with Santhanam for the same production house (Nic Arts). As if to make amends, now, Simbu has asked Jai to do a cameo in the film and the young actor readily agreed.We hear that Jai's portions will be shot in Chennai once Simbu finishes the long-pending Podaa Podi , which he is currently filming in Mumbai with Varalaxmi Sarath Kumar and Shobana.Vaalu stars Hansika as the female lead and is directed by debutant Vijay Chander. The teaser trailer of the film has already created a buzz around the film, which is slated to release this Diwali.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15499217", "title": "Speaker pans govt for evading House questions", "text": "NEW DELHI: Speaker Meira Kumar said ministers should not use the pretext of \"national security\" to duck questions in Parliament, a suggestion that may test government arms that liberally use the confidentiality clause to block information.Kumar told TOI, \"There are issues that are of sensitive nature pertaining to national security. That is true. But let us keep it at that. But anything short of that should be taken up (for answers)...I should know.\"The reason for the counsel came from instances where ministries have avoided giving information sought by MPs on the ground that it pertained to national security. The LS secretariat has, in a directive, asked ministries to be more forthcoming on the issue.Kumar's intervention, after she found herself getting \"too many requests\" that the information sought had been dubbed 'sensitive', may nudge Union ministries to review the way of withholding details.The drafting of RTI witnessed a protracted debate on the kind of information that could be kept out of the purview of the legislation which guaranteed information to an applicant. The proposed whistleblowers bill too required extensive discussions between government and opposition before reportedly deciding that violation of Officials Secrets Act will not get protection under the law.The liberalizing trend seems to be entering Parliament too. Kumar has decided to be the final arbiter whom ministries will have to inform about the question and the answer that is \"sensitive\".While details are still hazy, ministries/agencies may have to convince her. She told TOI, \"It has to come from the ministry or the agency to me... that the information sought is sensitive. We have to apply ourselves more and differentiate between what is really a sensitive issue. We have to sieve out,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15498659", "title": "Seven senior state cops bag President medal", "text": "Mumbai: Joint commissioner of police (crime) Himanshu Roy is among top senior police officers among the police officers from Maharashtra who got the president's medal for distinguished and meritorious services on the eve of Independence day. While Roy got president police medal for meritorious services, Pune police commissioner Gulabroa Pol, additional director-general of police Anti Corruption Bureau (ACB), R N Wagh, S P Yadav joint commissioner of police Mumbai are those who got president police medal for distinguished services.The President Police Medal for Meritorious Services is awarded only to those who have performed service of conspicuous merit and shown utmost devotion to duty within the territory of India. It is a prestigious medal for any member of the police force which is awarded after thorough scrutiny at the state level and then at Central Government level by a very senior officers committee. While meritorious services medal is awarded to those who have excellent track service record of more than 15 years, distinguish medal is for those who have clean track record of five years of service.Roy who is of 1988 IPS officer's batch has solved several sensational cases including the firing on Dawood's brother Iqbal Kaskar's driver Arif Bael, Journalist J Dey murder case, the double murder case involving Vijay Palande, Laila Khan murder case and the recent murder of law graduate Pallavi Purkhayasta.Mumbai railway commissioner Prabhat Kumar, ACPs Bhandup division Mahadev Gundewadi and Rolfie Pariera (railways) are among those have been given police medal for meritorious services.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15499033", "title": "NMC bans use of borewell water for drinking", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) health department has banned use of borewell water for drinking since nitrate content has shot up in groundwater. The permissible limit of nitrate content per litre of water is 45mg. But the readings for underground water in most localities is over 300 mg/litre. In old city areas like Dhantoli, Lakadganj etc, the nitrate content is an alarming 500mg/litre.As per NMC records, the city has 2,703 borewells, including private and government tubewells installed with funds from MP and MLA funds or at NMC expense.A senior NMC health officer said the civic body conducted a survey of these borewells and took water samples. The test reports say that water from almost all borewells was polluted and not safe for drinking. \"Subsequently, we informed officials from all 10 zones to ensure people do not consume borewell water,\" the officer said.According to health department statistics, the maximum number of borewells is in Lakadganj zone (755), followed by Aashi Nagar zone (510).Confirming the development, executive engineer water works department SS Hastak said his department has also asked people to stop using groundwater for consumption. Admitting that water supply department gets complaints of water contamination daily, Hastak said, \"The minute we get such complaints, we stop supply to that area. We take samples and test them further.\"\"If water has residual chlorine of 0.2 particles per million and nitrates per litre of water is 45mg, it'll be fit for drinking. We check the possible causes for contamination. In most cases, it's caused when drinking and sewage water get mixed,\" he said.He also said that groundwater is polluted across the city. \"In fact, we recommend citizens should use groundwater only for supplementary work like washing etc. For drinking, we always appeal people to consume potable water. The areas where there is no drinking water network, the civic body is supplying drinking water in tankers,\" he said.Hastak said it is not possible for the corporation to clean underground water but said they are responsible for providing safe water through piped supply or tankers daily. He pointed out that the city's sewerage system is not yet strengthened, so there is always a chance of percolation of sewage water into groundwater. \"We also take measures like chlorination of water to kill germs,\" he added.Former corporator Manoj Sangole had raised the issue several times, demanding action and alternate measures so residents get safe drinking water. According to him iron content is also high in the zone.\"All these figures are way beyond permissible limits and many residents are forced to consume contaminated water,\" claimed Sangole. He pointed out that residents of north Nagpur depend on groundwater because of lack of water network.Confirming Sangole's claims, a senior health officer from NMC too pointed out that many people think iron content in water is good, but that is a myth. \"Iron content up to 0.3mg/litre in water is permissible, whereas the iron content is higher than that in this zone. Hard water is not good for health,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15499153", "title": "NMC goes on Aadhar overdrive", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has restarted the Aadhar registration and decided to take the help of corporators so that every citizen gets registered. It will also hold special camps in all schools to enrol students.The NMC was to register the city's entire population of 24.05 lakh citizens by March 31 but could complete only 18 lakh. It now targets to complete the process by December this year, according to deputy municipal commissioner Rizwan Siddiqui.The response has been poor when registration restarted in May. Siddiqui said that mayor Anil Sole has written to all 150 corporators to make efforts for the registration of all citizens. \"Birth and death certificates will be issued within a day to those applicants possessing Aadhar cards,\" said Siddiqui.He added that schools have been asked to hold special camps. \"Mobile units will be sent to the schools for the purpose,\" said Siddiqui. The NMC has received Rs 10L from the government for publicity on Aadhar cards.Aadhar officer Ravindra Page (cell no. 9823117315) has urged school managements to contact the NMC for holding special camps. \"Parents of students may also use the opportunity to register themselves,\" he said.NMC reward in limboThe state government's goof up has resulted in the NMC yet to claim the reward of Rs50,000 for Aadhar implementation. Sources told TOI that the cheque dated July 13, 2011 was received in the name of 'Sanjeev Jaiswal' instead of 'Municipal Commissioner. \"It was returned on December 28, 2011 but there has been no further news,\" said the sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15498894", "title": "The sarpanch who became CM", "text": "Vilasrao Deshmukh was born on May 26, 1945, in Babhalgaon village of Latur district to Dagdojirao Deshmukh, a rich farmerAfter completing his basic education at Latur, he studied law at Garware college, PuneHe was elected member of the Babhalgaon Panchayat samiti in 1974 and later the same year elected its sarpanchFirst elected to the state legislative assembly in 1980, he won subsequent elections but lost in 1995. However, he was re-elected in 1999. Between 1995-99, he built the party organization in Latur and across the stateIn 1982, was first inducted into the Maharashtra cabinet as minister of state and, elevated to the cabinet rank in 1986. Held almost all key portfolios including home, industries, education, social welfare and cultural affairsOn October 18, 1999, he was sworn in as chief minister, but was asked to hand over the reins to Sushilkumar Shinde on January 18, 2003. On November 11, 2004, he again took over as CM but was asked to quit on December 7, 2008, in the wake of the 26/11attacks. Deshmukh had the longest tenure as Maharashtra CM after V P Naik, who had a record 11 yearsIn August 2009, he was elected to the Rajya Sabha and in May 2009, was inducted into the Union cabinet as minister for heavy industries. On July 12, 2011, he was also given the science and technology portfolio.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "15498189", "title": "Maoists kill homeguard jawan in Bargarh", "text": "Sambalpur: Maoists gunned down a home guard in front of his house in Majhipali village within Paikmal police limits on Monday night. Police have sent the body of 42-year-old Narayan Suna for post-mortem. Suna was from Bhuliaband area in Paikmal.Police said the rebels assaulted the body in order to create terror and left several leaflets and posters at the site. DIG (NR) Sanjay Kumar and SP (Bargarh) Anup Krishna rushed to the spot on Tuesday to take stock of the situation.Suna's wife Lakhsmi said her husband was dragged from their home by a group of armed Maoists on Monday night. The group comprised around 25 rebels, including female cadres.\"They first shot him from a close range with a country-made pistol. Then they stabbed him with various sharp weapons and bayonets,\" the DIG said on Tuesday. According to him, the Red rebels were taken aback by increased security operations in the area and killed the home guard in order to terrorize local people.\"The situation is under control now and there is nothing to be panic,\" Kumar said. He also informed that the body was handed over to the family after giving it guard of honour in the afternoon. As per government guidelines, the deceased's family will get Rs 8 lakh from the chief minister's relief funds and Rs 5 lakh as insurance amount.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15499628", "title": "K Chandrasekhar Rao sure of positive Telangana decision", "text": "HYDERABAD: With the August 20 deadline given by TRS chief K Chandrasekhar Rao for the Centre to make a positive announcement on Telangana less than a week away, the TRS supremo reiterated on Tuesday that he was getting 'positive signals' from New Delhi. However, he warned that his party would launch an agitation in case the Centre does not keep its promise.\"I am in talks with some important people in Delhi and getting clear signals on the formation of Telangana state. If they can keep their word, it is fine and we will celebrate. If otherwise, we will agitate. There is no question of relinquishing the fight,\" KCR said while addressing a meeting organised at Acharya N G Ranga Agricultural University (Angrau) on Tuesday.He added that the name of Angrau would be changed once the separate state is formed.However, not many Telangana leaders shared the optimism of KCR who is confident that the Centre would grant the separate state in the next few days. The Telangana Political Joint Action Committee (TJAC), that has announced a massive mass movement in the month of September, has been pushed to the pause mode thanks to these developments.\"We have to wait till August 20 since it is the deadline fixed by the TRS. If something positive emerges, there would be no agitation. However, we have not stopped the preparatory works. The activists are gearing up at the ground level,\" M Kodandaram, chairman of TJAC, told TOI. TJAC's plans include laying siege to Hyderabad on September 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15505276", "title": "VMware\u2019s startup buys threaten Cisco\u2019s margins", "text": "Cisco Systems, the largest maker of computer-networking gear, faces fresh threats to its profit margins from a new breed of software that's helping customers handle data traffic with fewer switches and routers.Technology from startups such as Arista Networks, Big Switch Networks and Cyan is designed to help businesses run their computer networks more efficiently, lessening the need for the kinds of devices that make up most of Cisco's revenue.Demand for cheaper ways to manage a rising flood of information over networks will propel software-related networking revenue to $17 billion worldwide by 2016, from $6 billion last year, according to Pacific Crest Securities . Oracle and VMware have used acquisitions to make forays into the market, fueling concern that Cisco's profit margin -- which slipped to 61 percent in fiscal 2011 from a peak of 70 percent about a decade ago -- will come under further pressure.\"It's a healthy shift,\" said Erez Yarkoni, chief information officer at wireless carrier T-Mobile USA Inc, in an interview. \"I don't think Cisco keeps those 60% margins unless they start selling more software themselves.\"Cisco, which is scheduled to report fiscal fourth-quarter results, will have a gross margin of 62% for the year, according to the average of analysts' estimates compiled by Bloomberg. VMware is projected to generate a margin of 88% this year, while analysts estimate Oracle will have an 80% margin for its 2013 fiscal year, which ends in May. Among peer companies on the Russell 1000 Index, Cisco has had the smallest average profit-margin growth over five years, data compiled by Bloomberg show.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15499125", "title": "'We will infuse more capital in India'", "text": "Johan Leven is managing director and head of corporate finance of Barclays in Asia-Pacific. He develops and manages the bank's key corporate relationships, based in Hong Kong. He tells TOI about corporate performance, the issue of leverage and restrictive credit market in a slowing economic climate.Some Indian banks need to communicate better to clients regarding leveraged assets, and sell some, he says.Excerpts:Growth estimates are being revisited globally. China had one of the softest quarters. How do you see weakened sentiments affecting Indian corporates who are leveraged?We are seeing decent performance among clients in Asia-Pacific broadly and most businesses are only beginning to seeing a slowdown. It's still not widespread. Of course, there are examples of someone in a sector that's particularly exposed to the Eurozone. Broadly speaking, most corporates have balance sheets in good shape, with reasonable access to debt financing. But it's certainly a more restrictive credit market.My sense is the same about the larger Indian conglomerates. However, some of them are leveraged after ambitious expansion and acquisitions in boom years. I think we are at the beginning where some companies will face a credit crunch with their slowing operating performances - accelerated if US muddles along, Eurozone remains weak and China doesn't pull back.How do you view the risk premium of Indian companies in the refinancing market?Large corporates here have been admired for their exceptional management and leadership. But the attitude right now is to route capital into the safer US treasury market, leading to significant outflow from emerging markets.Banks are required to strengthen capital base and they themselves need to access capital for Basel III norms. There's tightening of lending in general with this transition happening. Then there are a few European banks cutting down their presence in Asia due to the prevailing conditions. Corporates are thinking a bit more about access to capital and its effective deployment. In context, it's natural that some of them are thinking of selling non-core and sometimes part of the core itself.Access to capital at the moment seems to be on a leash, and certainly some Indian corporates have pushed corporate lending relations pretty hard. Ultimately, some banks here need to communicate better regarding leveraged assets, and some may be sold. We are looking at deploying more capital in India. We are not interested in large a syndicated loan market or plain-vanilla corporate loan. We are looking at tailored financing and investment banking type financing.You said that some leveraged groups have pushed their corporate lending relationships. When it comes to restructuring do you think Indian banks shy away from pulling the plug?You still expect banks to be accommodative and give corporates flexibility unless you find cases of mismanagement. Or if banks find unmanageable leverage that needs restructuring. For instance, in case of power companies, many that are highly leveraged are facing issues like access to fuel, or offtake issues. Circumstances are outside their control in many such cases. It won't be in the interest of the banks to force restructuring, unless the stress on the system in unmanageable.We have heard speculation about a possible break up of Barclays after the Libor crisis. How do you see it moving ahead?I cannot comment since we have not heard anything specific other than speculation outside. But in my personal view, the universal banking model has helped most banks to weather the economic crisis better. There has been reputational loss in some cases, but most have survived intact. If anything, it's the standalone commercial banks that have gone down in the ongoing crisis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15498210", "title": "Machine helps docs save man from pain, paralysis", "text": "MUMBAI: After spending the last few months in excruciating pain with his head stuck to the right, Ayub Patel (49) can finally move his head and look straight ahead. The Jogeshwari (W) resident suffered from cervical dystonia, a condition characterized by abnormal muscle contractions in the head and neck area and can result in abnormal position or posturing. A team of doctors at Jaslok Hospital performed a corrective surgery on Patel and used a special machine to ensure that he doesn't suffer from paralysis, speech impairment, or loss of other senses permanently.It all started about two years ago when Patel's neck would twitch to the right once in a while. Twelve months later, Patel struggled with even the simplest of tasks, like brushing his teeth and moving a tea cup, as the slightest movement would instigate a spasm in his neck. \"Soon, my neck felt stuck to the right. When I consulted doctors, they prescribed botulinum toxin (botox) injections in spastic muscles. The injections helped a little but the effect would not stay for long,\" said Patel. \"His right shoulder drooped down, while the left one was constantly pointing up. Sometimes he would scream in pain. He had to give up a number of activities like riding his bike,\" said Kausar, Patel's wife.That was when Patel was referred to Jaslok Hospital. Dr Paresh Doshi, head of neurosurgery at the hospital, and his team performed a corrective surgery on Patel with the help of an intra-operative monitoring machine. \"For this particular surgery we had to disconnect nerves from the cervix to the shoulder. We had to cut seven nerves from the back and one from the front of Patel's neck. The monitoring machine helped us gauge if the nerve was important for other body functions or could be disconnected,\" said Dr Doshi.The monitoring machine has eight channels connected to various probes and a monitor, which gives a visual feedback to the doctor. \"In an anesthetized patient, we cannot know what stimulation will cause what action. But the machine tells us what reaction the nerve has in the body when we touch it. It helped us decide that disconnecting nerves that were causing dystonia would not render Patel paralytic,\" said Dr Doshi.\"The pain has almost gone. I feel relieved to be able to see straight again and read the Holy Quran,\" he said.* Dystonia is a neurological movement disorder in which sustained muscle contractions cause twisting and repetitive movements or abnormal postures* Cervical dystonia (spasmodic torticollis) affects the muscles of the neck and causes the head to rotate to one side, to pull down towards the chest, or back, or a combination of these postures* The doctors used intra-operative monitoring machine, with the help of which they could avoid causing paralysis, speech impairment or loss of other senses", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15499354", "title": "Ordnance factory manufactures 155mm field", "text": "KANPUR: Ordnance factory, Kanpur, touched a new height of glory by manufacturing 155 mm gun which has strongest barrel in its class tested so far in the country. It is termed as futuristic gun by the Indian Army.The ordnance factory has been developing various designs of these guns, keeping in view the stringent quality parameters of the army.The OEF, Kanpur was given a challenge of developing totally indigenous 155 mm, 39 calibre guns within a short span of seven months. The factory completed the task within the deadline.General manager Virendra Gandhi praised the efforts of the team for doing a wonderful job. He will give special award to all the team members on the occasion of Independence day celebrations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15498260", "title": "Family cries foul in man's mysterious death", "text": "NAGPUR: The family members of 25-year-old Sangesh alias Billu have raised question about his death under unexplained circumstances. Sangesh's highly decomposed body was fished out from an abandoned well in Nara ghat crematorium on August 7.The Nagdeves of Misal layout in Jaripatka had lodged a missing complaint on July 29. The family had found Sangesh's bike parked in front of his sister-in-law's place behind Khushi Nagar, also in Jaripatka. The T-shirt, which Sangesh used in the gymnasium, was also there. The bike's key was on a hook outside the sister-in-law's house, which is a couple of kilometres away from where his body was found.Sangesh had left home for gymnasium on July 28. On August 7, one of his friends, also a suspect in his death, had informed the Nagdeve family about his body being found.The grieving Nagdeve family are expressing dissatisfaction with the police action in connection with Sangesh's death. The family members claimed that Sangesh had been very successful in his business in a very short time and some of his jealous friends got together to eliminate him. Sangesh's mother Sujata said she had already given names of people she suspected to the police.\"My son was thrashed, killed and thrown down the well. He was not the one to commit suicide. We have always supported him and he was doing well,\" said the devastated woman. She said police did not do anything beyond questioning the suspects.Sangesh had procured two autorickshaws which were driven by his friends. Unable to adjust to that business, Sangesh had switched to building demolition of late. He had two machines and some workers engaged in his contract works.Senior inspector Balkrishna Hanpudepatil of Jaripatka police station said the preliminary post-mortem report does not say anything clearly about the death, with forensic experts of Mayo Hospital reserving their opinion regarding cause of death. \"The doctors indicated there were no damaging injuries to the organs and nothing could be spotted on the decomposed body. We are awaiting reports of chemical analysis,\" he said.PI Hanpudepatil also said he needs concrete grounds to arrest suspects, which can happen only after the final report from the forensic expert. The case is being probed as an accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15501661", "title": "Three Shaurya Chakras and a Vayu Sena medal for IAF officers", "text": "KOLKATA: Four Indian Air Force officers will receive gallantry awards on Wednesday on the occasion of Independence Day. While three of them will receive Shaurya Chakras, the fourth will be honoured with the Vayu Sena Medal (Gallantry).The Shaurya Chakra recipients are Wing Commander Vatsal Kumar Singh, Squadron Leader Ajit Bhaskar Vasane and Flight Lieutenant Gunadnya Ramesh Kharche while Wing Commander Subramaniam Srinivasan will receive the Vayu Sena Medal for Gallantry.On December 19, 2011, Wg Cdr Singh was detailed to fly a helicopter in a low level mission in the densely forested and heavily Naxal-infested area, in support of the CRPF. The landing site was only a small clearing in the jungle with very tall trees around it and an undulating landing surface, which made the task even more difficult. After having completed two shuttles and having transported thirty commandos, while he was executing the third shuttle with seventeen persons on board, his helicopter was fired upon with automatic weapons from the left and below the aircraft. He immediately turned away from the probable direction of fire and gained height. After having ascertained that all aircraft parameters were normal, he decided to return to base, i.e. Jagdalpur. Subsequently, the aircraft started experiencing severe vibrations and the entire cargo compartment was filled with the smell of burnt explosives. The severe vibrations made it extremely challenging to make sure that the helicopter does not go out of control with an any time possibility of an engine malfunction, Wg Cdr Singh kept his calm and controlled the helicopter with his professional acumen and flying skills. He reduced the speed and minimised the vibrations and kept a close vigil on the vital engine parameters. His calm and controlled composure and exceptional courage ensured that he tracked every event in the helicopter meticulously and brought seventeen men and the machine to safety, in an extremely professional manner after flying for forty long and demanding minutes. In recovering the helicopter and personnel on board from the precarious situation in the face of intense danger and imminent threat to life, he showed exceptional courage and flying skills of the highest order. For this exceptional display of courage, inspirational leadership and composure under adverse conditions, Wg Cdr Singh was nominated for the Shaurya Chakra.On October 10, 2011, Sqn Ldr Vasane was authorised to lead a two aircraft training mission. At an altitude of 9 km, the Head-Up Display (HUD) of the aircraft flickered and after a while, went blank. Immediately thereafter, fire emanated from the starboard side of the HUD. The situation deteriorated rapidly with noxious fumes and smoke filling the cockpit. In these circumstances with rapidly increasing intensity of fire posing a great personal risk, he initiated emergency recovery of the aircraft. While doing so, with exceptional presence of mind and courage of the highest order, he elected to avoid overflying various petro-chemical installations in the vicinity of the area, even though this prolonged flight endangered his life. Throughout the flight, he displayed exceptional courage, maintained extreme calm and composure, thorough professionalism and presence of mind in keeping with the highest traditions of the Indian Air Force. Sqn Ldr Vasane's courageous actions in handling such an unforeseen critical emergency not only saving himself and recovering the aircraft, but also preventing possible catastrophic damage to the strategically important and vital petro-chemical installations in the area, which are a national asset. For the display of exceptional courage and very high standards of professionalism, Squadron Leader Vasane was recommended for the Shaurya Chakra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15499152", "title": "High court allows allottees to amend petition on PRN scheme", "text": "JAIPUR: The high court has allowed some successful allottes of Prithviraj Nagar scheme to amend their writ petition pending in the court. The court permitted 36 allottes of Phase I of Kalpana Nagar to challenge the regularization of the encroachers.\"We have challenged the regularization policy on the main count that it has not been notified in the name of governor. Further, the mass regularization has been disapproved by SC,\" said R D Rastogi, counsel for petitioners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15499500", "title": "Govt hits land-transfer jackpot", "text": "KOLKATA: For the first time in the 40-year history of Salt Lake , the urban development department has received 70 applications from households who want to transfer their leasehold plots legally. Prior to this, plots changed hands rampantly making a mockery of the existing norms. With the transfer fee fixed at Rs 5 lakh per cottah, the government now hopes to earn huge revenue from the transfer of plots in the township.The department has also served 49 legal notices on reported cases of illegal transfers in the last one-and-a-half months. The government had allowed lease transfer of residential plots in the township on June 22.State urban development secretary Debashis Sen said that a special facilitation desk has been set up to assist the residents who are making enquiries on the issue. \"A special team of urban development department has been formed to help residents who are enquiring about the process of land transfer. So far, about 70 leaseholders of residential houses have shown interest in transferring their plots and we have started the process of transferring lease rights of 10 to 15 plots,\" he said.In the notices served to plotholders who transferred their land illegally, explanations have been sought on the reasons behind the transfer and why the department or the local civic body was kept in the dark about it. According to civic sources, around 35% of the 13,000 odd residential plots in the township have been illegally sold or transferred earlier.Authorities have noticed that there are many elderly residents living in the township who want to transfer their plots, leave the township and stay elsewhere. Many of these elderly residents' children either live elsewhere or have settled abroad.Officials said that there are several steps to complete the process of allowing leaseholders to transfer their lease rights. Apart from the urban development department that will check and verify a lease transfer application before giving permission, the Bidhannagar Municipality and the police will also cross-check the lease transfer applications to ensure glitch-free transition.Earlier, in June, the state cabinet approved the proposal to a give a legal stamps to leasehold residential land transfers in Salt Lake. The provisions of the notification apply to the lessees or occupants of stalls, shops and the members of housing cooperative societies in the township.The notification also mentions that in case of a transfer of lease right, all terms and conditions of the original lease deed executed between the government and the lessee of the residential plots or buildings shall also apply to the transferee and all subsequent transferees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15503586", "title": "Mumbai violence: Police to examine riot footage captured by BMC cameras", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbai police have sought the help from the BMC to identify the miscreants involved in the violence in South Mumbai on last Saturday. The city cops have asked the civic administration to provide the CCTV footages of August 11 incidence captured by the cameras on installed in the 'mahanagarpalika' headquarters.\"Mumbai police have asked for the CCTV clippings recorded by the cameras installed at the BMC headquarters. The investigating agency believes that cameras installed for the security of the civic administration must have captured footages of protestors who went on rampage after the protest rally. The clipping from the BMC might provide more insight details on the violence. There is the possibility that these footages can even help in finding the reason that triggered the violence,\" the home department official said. \"Besides strengthening the case, the visuals from the BMC cameras might lead to arrest of few more miscreants who managed to escape after the violence,\" the official added.The rally to protest against ethnic trouble in Assam and on issue of Myanmar was organised by the Raza Academy in coordination with other Muslim organisations at Azad Maidan, in Mumbai on last Saturday. The maidan in bang opposite civic administration headquarter building at CST.Two people were killed and nearly 45 people were injured in the violence that brought the busy business street of South Mumbai to grinding halt. Police have arrested 23 people in connection with the Saturday riots. Those indulged in the \"riots\" allegedly molested women, assaulted citizens, ran away with police weapons and torched few private vehicles. Even police and media vehicles were not spared.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15500273", "title": "Alert firm manager foils armed robbery", "text": "BANGALORE: An armed robbery attempt was foiled by an alert financial firm manager in Kengeri on Tuesday morning. The manager pressed the alarm button, catching the two gun-toting intruders off guard. The duo fled after opening fire and injuring the manager.M Tejaswini, 22, and manager N Sudhakar, 59, had started the day's work in a branch of Muthoottu Mini Financial Services, at Nagadevanahalli, Kengeri. Around 10.30am, two masked men barged into their 1st floor office in a three-storey building on 80 Feet Road.While one masked man threatened Sudhakar to hand over cash from the office vault, the other tried to snatch Tejaswini's two gold chains. Sudhakar informed the intruders that all cash has been deposited with banks and they had nothing in their branch. As he was speaking to the masked men, Sudhakar promptly pressed the siren button which was installed under his table.\"The intruders panicked when the siren began wailing. The one carrying a pistol opened fire at me,\" Sudhakar told police. The bullet grazed against Sudhakar's stomach on the left and the intruder got ready to fire another round. \"To my luck, the cartridge got struck. I held onto his pistol. The intruder dropped it. The duo fled from our office,\" the manager said.With blood oozing out from his stomach, Sudhakar ran after the miscreants. \"One more man was waiting for them outside and the trio sped away on a black Bajaj Pulsar bike,\" Tejaswini said. CCTV cameras at the firm were not working. The intruders were emboldened as there was no security guard at the door.The second comingOn December 22, 2010, a gun-toting miscreant ransacked Manappuram Gold Finance, adjacent to the Muthoottu Mini office. Manu alias Mohan had barged into the office, brandished a gun and asked the cashier to fill cash into his bag. The staff discovered that the gun was a toy, caught hold of Manu and handed him over to police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15499442", "title": "'Strict' guidelines for mining leaseholders", "text": "PANAJI: In a bid to control illegal mining in the state, the directorate of mines and geology has issued \"strict\" guidelines to leaseholders, which they are required to implement by August 15 or be \"held responsible\".The direction issued by mines director Prasanna Acharya said, \"If overloading of 25 or more carriers/trucks is noticed, the proposal shall be moved to the government for termination of lease of the leaseholder.\"The order which was sent to the Goa mines owners' association and the Goa mineral ore exporters' association stated, \"If a carrier/vehicle is found overloaded, a fine of 5 lakh per vehicle will be imposed and recovered from the respective leaseholder/trader.\"The practice of submission of a daily report of transportation shall invariably be sent to the department's email address not later than the next date of transportation of ore till the new website is operational, the guidelines stated.The department has also directed a leaseholder to install an electronic weigh bridge with the necessary software to generate transit pass/permits as specified by the director of mines and geology. \"The weigh bridge shall be calibrated before the commencement of the next season by a competent authority,\" Acharya said, adding that the bridge shall generate permits/passes with details like T C number, vehicle number, destination, quantity of ore and other such details.The mines department has also stated that the weigh bridge shall be programmed in such a manner that no passes/ships shall be generated for quantities above the carrying capacity of any carrier/vehicle.\"Proper safeguards shall be taken to avoid dust pollution, including covering the vehicles with tarpaulin,\" said Acharya.\"The following instructions should be implemented from August 15, failing which the respective leaseholders/traders shall be held responsible,\" Acharya said. In another direction issued to the Goa barge owners' association, the mines department has directed them to complete the process of registration with the mines department prior to the commencement of the mining season.The barge owners shall be eligible for transportation of mineral ore if the barge is registered with the captain of ports, the owner is a member of the Goa barge owners' association and not involved in illegal mining,\" said the order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15504367", "title": "'Samsung Galaxy Note II image leaked'", "text": "NEW DELHI: A leaked image of the front panel of the upcoming Samsung Galaxy Note II has surfaced online. The image, provided to GSMArena.com by an anonymous tipster, shows that the design theme of the upcoming phablet (phone+tablet) is quite similar to that of the Samsung Galaxy S III.The look is characterised by curved edges and a standard single hardware button flanked by a haptic key on either side. The Galaxy Note II is expected to be launched within the next few weeks, most likely during the Samsung Unpacked event on August 29, 2012.In its post, GSMarena itself said that the authenticity of the image could not be verified by the tipster either, which casts some shadows over its credibility. However, rumours say that the design of the second generation Galaxy Note will be heavily inspired by Galaxy S III, thus gaining some credence to the image.The post said that the tipster also provided data about the specifications of the yet-to-be-launched Note II. In line with speculations, these include a 5.5-inch SuperAMOLED touchscreen with regular RGB matrix. The tipster also informed GSMArena that the device was subjected for Full HD videos, but that put pressure on the battery of the device, and is likely to be shelved.Another speculation reinforced by the post was the inclusion of a 1.5GHz Exynos 4 quad-core processor and 8MP rear camera. Samsung Galaxy Note is likely to be launched with Android 4.0 (Ice Cream Sandwich), since the Jelly Bean update for the same is still under development, the post stated.Pics courtesy: gsmarena.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15499697", "title": "Hyderabad to turn into major hub for global airlines", "text": "HYDERABAD: At least four new international carriers are set to fly in to Hyderabad's Rajiv Gandhi International Airport (RGIA) soon.Apart from low-cost airlines Tiger Airways, and Thai Smile (a branch of major operator Thai Airways ), likely to land in the city next month, also waiting in transit is Africa's most popular operator, Kenya Airways, and Indonesia's official carrier, Garuda.Starting operations on September 28, Asia-based Tiger Airways will join SilkAir as the second direct service provider to Singapore from Hyderabad. As per airport records, roughly 60,000 Hyderabad passengers travel on this route every year. The traffic to Thailand too is impressively high, say RGIA officials admitting that the entry of Thai Smile will only further boost the outflow of tourists to this holiday destination. The airlines' first flight is set to take off from Shamshabad on September 16.African countries too, with their safaris and postcard-perfect landscapes, are pulling travelers to their shores now, say industry observers attributing this trend to Kenya Airways' decision to dive in to the Hyderabad market. The airline operator is targeting a 2014 debut. \"We are in the process of purchasing a dozen 7875 aircrafts. Once complete, we will expand our operations in six Indian airports and Hyderabad is definitely a potential choice,\" said Bennet Stephens, area manager, Kenya Airways for India, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka and Nepal.There is an estimated 30-35% annual rise in traffic from India to Africa, say local tour operators. And this is driven not just by tourists but also corporates, they add. With IT biggies expanding their client base in countries such as Botswana, Kenya, the sector is expected to witness a sharp rise in footfall.\"Kenya Airways will look to cashing in on this,\" said Mir Liaqat Ali, managing director, 'One Stop Holidays'. Commenting on Garuda's probable entry, Ali said, \"There is a significant influx of students from Indonesia to Hyderabad for higher education. Tourism too is picking up.\"If the Centre for Asia Pacific Aviation (CAPA) report of 2012-13 is any indication, Hyderabad could well have a bunch of other airline operators such as Ethiopian Airlines, Jetstar Asia, Myanmar Airways among others too touching base in Shamshabad in the next few years. According to CAPA, a global aviation body, these operators (apart from Ethiopian Airlines that already has operations in India) are evaluating the possibility of entering the sub-continent's market in the next 12-24 months. Their list of options could well include RGIA that currently has 10 international carriers operating out of its premises. The traffic on its foreign routes is about 19 lakh annually (as per RGIA's 2011-12 report).The mushrooming of new players notwithstanding, major tour operators claim that Hyderabad is off the radar of category-1 airlines. \"The new international airlines planning operations to and from Hyderabad are not category-1 carriers; most of which are pulling out,\" said Suraj Nair, strategy &amp; planning head, Thomas Cook (India) Ltd. In his e-mail response Nair, however, welcomed the launch of direct services to both Africa and Indonesia from the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15500398", "title": "Rs 11.65 lakh heist in Panchvati", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In a daring bid, thieves stole gold and silver jewellery from a residence near Panchvati even when the house owners were sleeping in an adjoining room.They later fled from the spot in a Honda City car parked outside. Gujarat University (GU) police have started investigation in the Rs 11.65 lakh theft case.According to police, Bharat Shah, a resident of Shree Society and builder by profession, had been to a late night movie show with his family on Monday night. His daughter decided to sleep with the parents.\"The thieves entered the house after 1 am after cutting grill of the daughter's bedroom and found gold and silver jewellery worth Rs 5.65 lakh. They also found key of the Honda City car kept on the table. We have got the registration number of the car and have started checking the CCTV cameras near the Panchvati circle to ascertain the route taken by the thieves,\" said a police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15502945", "title": "Van Damme, Chuck Norris to attend boxing event in Russia", "text": "Hollywood action movie stars Chuck Norris and Jean Claude Van Damme will visit the Thai boxing world championship in St. Petersburg , the event organiser said.The 2012 IFMA World Championship will take place Sep 6-13 and is expected to be attended by over 2,000 athletes, coaches and officials from 100 countries.\"This is the first time the championship will be held in Russia,\" said Dmitry Putilin, president of the Russian Muaythai Federation.The championship is also the official test event for the 2013 World Combat Games, organised by Sport Accord, under patronage of the IOC.Russia will be represented by Artem the Lion Levin, current WMC Intercontinental and EMF European Muay Thai champion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15500537", "title": "Breach in Pratappura widens, but no flood threat to city", "text": "VADODARA: The existing breach in Pratappura reservoir widened by Tuesday morning even as a new one appeared on the earthen dam that was repaired recently by Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC). But with water level in the dam receding due to the breach and little rainfall on Tuesday, a flood threat to the city was temporarily averted.The breach in the reservoir was spotted on Monday morning and was only around four to five feet initially. But by Tuesday, it had become around 25 feet wide. A new breach also appeared in the reservoir that was around 10 to 15 feet wide near the existing one. Officials said that the widening was expected given the fact that the reservoir is an earthen dam. The two separate breaches are now expected to become one with just a retaining wall that is around five feet wide separating them. However, VMC commissioner Ashwini Kumar said, the water was being discharged steadily now and not at an alarmingly high rate. \"This has averted any flood-like situation in the city due to Vishwamitri into which the water is being discharged. There is no damage to crops and life in the areas around the reservoir,\" he said.Top officials of the irrigation department examined the breach on Tuesday and have opined that it should not be repaired immediately. Any work on the breach will now be conducted only after the monsoon.Experts from Central Design Organisation will also be consulted again regarding the reservoir. Minister for water supply, water resources and urban development Nitin Patel also visited the reservoir on Tuesday morning.Kumar said the design of the reservoir was not faulty and the reasons for it getting breached will be examined. Officials said there was a possibility that the new soil that was put to repair the breach that took place in 2005 may not be binding well with the one that was used in the original earthen dam built over 90 years ago.Late on Tuesday evening, the level in Ajwa Reservoir to which a part of water from Pratappura was diverted was at 209.95 feet while Vishwamitri river was at 15.25 feet, around the same mark where it was flowing on Monday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15499920", "title": "A virus to power cellphones?", "text": "LONDON: Scientists claim to have developed a unique technique to harness electricity from a bacteria eating virus to power your mobile phones. A team at the University of California, Berkeley are using the virus known as M13 bacteriophage to replace toxic elements used to charge the cell phones.The virus possesses a property known as piezoelectricity, which means it can translate mechanical energy into electrical energy, the 'Daily Mail' reported.Researchers believe the discovery could pave way for mobile phones that can be charged while you walk and replace the toxic piezoelectric elements already used in mobile phones.Most mobile phone microphones are piezoelectric because they need to convert energy from sound waves into electrical output that can be transmitted and then translated back into sound waves at the other end of the line.These piezoelectric components are made out of heavy, toxic metals such as lead and cadmium, according to bioengineer Seung-Wuk Lee. M13 bacteriophage has the ability to generate electricity when compressed without the involvement of any toxic chemicals.Lee and his colleagues found that the pencil-shaped M13 virus is potentially a perfect energy source because the virus is not harmful to humans. It is also cheap and easy to make to the extent that scientists can get trillions of viruses from a single flask of infected bacteria.To improve the electricity generating power of M13, Lee's team tweaked the amino acid content of the virus's outer protein coat by adding four negatively charged glutamate molecules.\"This will bring a lot of excitement to the field,\" said Zhong Lin Wang, an engineer at the Georgia Institute of Technology.\"By utilizing the properties of these biomaterials, we can find unique applications in the future,\" Wang said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15499273", "title": "'Agricultural land, plantation, farmhouses in India out of NRI, PIO reach'", "text": "PANAJI: NRIs and PIOs cannot purchase agricultural land, plantation property or farmhouses in India, said A Subramanya, Manager, Foreign Exchange department, Reserve Bank of India, Panaji.At a seminar organized in collaboration with the Institute of Company Secretaries of India and Gon 'Acquisition of Immovable Property by Non-Resident Indians', Subramanya said there are no restrictions on the number of residential or commercial properties that NRIs and PIOs can be purchased. Foreign nationals of non-Indian origin cannot be second holders to immovable property purchased by an NRI or PIO. The onus of proving his or her residential status lies with the buyer, Subramanya stated.Foreign nationals of non-Indian origin who are residing abroad cannot purchase immovable property in India unless the property is acquired by way of inheritance from a person who was resident in India.A foreign national who is a resident in India can purchase immovable property in India if the buyer fulfils the criteria mentioned in FEMA, 1999. The buyer will have to obtain approvals and fulfil any requirements prescribed by other relevant authorities.A foreign company which has established a branch office or other place of business in India, in accordance with the Foreign Exchange Management Regulations 2000, can acquire immovable property necessary for carrying on such activity in India.The payment for acquiring such a property should be made by way of foreign inward remittance through proper banking channels, he said. On winding up of the business, the sale proceeds of such property can be repatriated only with the prior approval of the Reserve Bank.The seminar was attended by foreign nationals, CAs, and affiliates of the Company Secretaries Institute.Stating the aim of the seminar, Kevin Fernandes, of the organizers said \"people often purchase properties and feel duped because they don't get the properties registered in their name\". This, he felt creates mistrust and leaves people, particularly foreign nationals, feeling misguided and left in the lurch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15499721", "title": "Dharmana Prasada Rao fixed low rate for Vanpic land: CBI", "text": "HYDERABAD: As revenue minister in 2008-09, Dharmana Prasada Rao played a key role in fixing low market price for the Vanpic land, and allowed the strange practice of a private company paying the compensation to farmers for the land that was acquired through the government, and acted more in connivance with prime accused Nimmagadda Prasad rather than acting as the custodian of public interest. These were, according to sources, some of the contents of the CBI chargesheet in the Vanpic case that dealt with the role of Dharmana, accused No. 5 in the Vanpic case.According to the chargesheet, Dharmana, who is currently roads and buildings minister in the Kiran Kumar Reddy cabinet, rendered several nodal committees, appointed to oversee the land acquisition and other works, irrelevant by himself directly acting in tandem with the other accused in the case. Other accused in the case include infrastructure and investment wing secretaries K V Brahmananda Reddy, Manmohan Singh, and Nimmagadda brothers, Prasad and Prakash.The Nimmagadda brothers floated their own company called Vanpic Projects Pvt Ltd and made it look like the official vehicle Vanpic Ports Ltd that was set up to implement the port and industrial corridor project in accordance with the agreement entered into by the states of AP and Ras Al Khaimah. Dharmana was supposed to allow only the official Vanpic Ports Ltd to do the job. But he allowed the Vanpic Projects Ltd, floated by the Nimmagadda brothers, to acquire land and pay compensation etc, the CBI has contended.The four GOs issued during Dharmana's stewardship of the revenue department allowed land acquisition for Vanpic, the development of the same through some private players and the fixation of market price apart from allowing private payments by Vanpic company to the land losers. As a result of this, no records were available as to the exact amount of land acquired, the compensation paid to them etc, and allowed the Vanpic Projects to fudge the compensation figures, the chargesheet said.Nimmagadda Prasad, as agent of the RAK regime, got Rs 450 crore for acquiring land and had spent only Rs 150 crore for acquiring thousands of acres of lands. The compensation he paid for the farmers was around Rs one lakh per acre. However, the promoter sold the same land at ten to twenty times more than that, the CBI said. According to the chargesheet, the CBI is still trying to ascertain as to what Prasad did with the remaining Rs 300 crore he got from the RAK regime. Though he said that that money was paid as 'goodwill' to various parties, however, it is not clear who were the recipients of the 'generous goodwill'.Apart from this, several unanswered questions remained till today as to how the state could allow the transfer of assigned land to private players when the prohibition of transfer (assigned lands) Act prohibits such alienation. Though the state brought about two amendments to the Act keeping in view the Vanpic exclusively, it is shying away from filing a counter in the AP high court for the last five years in a petition that challenged the legal validity of such amendments.According to the chargesheet, Dharmana rendered several nodal committees, appointed to oversee the land acquisition and other works, irrelevant by himself directly acting in tandem with the other accused in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15499131", "title": "NMC's April Fool's joke: Water tariff raised 5% on April 1, announced on Aug 14", "text": "NAGPUR: The water works department (WWD) of Nagpur Municipal Corporation ( NMC) increased water tariff by 5% from April 1, the second hike in seven months, but did not announce the hike till date. Also, in a mockery of the standing committee, the WWD has sent the decision to it four months after the hike.According to the revised water tariff, residential consumers will have to pay Rs5.51 per unit for consumption between 1 to 20 units followed by Rs8.82 per unit between 21 to 30 units, Rs12.13 per unit between 31 to 80 units, and Rs16.54 per unit above 80 units.The standing committee meeting on August 16 lists the hike in water tariff for discussion. According to the details available in the agenda, the approval to increase water tariff by 5% was given on March 31. The then municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal had given the approval by virtue of powers given to him by the NMC's general body to increase water tariff by 5% every year.The WWD issues water bills to consumers every quarter. So, the water bills for the first quarter of this fiscal - April to June - are being distributed over the last few days. The water bills have been calculated according to the hiked tariff, which consumers and standing committee are completely unaware of.Interestingly, the time span after the last revision too is questionable. According to the bylaws, the municipal commissioner has powers to increase water tariff by 5% every fiscal. The water tariff was revised by 5% on August 12, 2011. Then, the water tariff was increased on April 1, 2012.According to a layman, the span for revision must be at least one year to prevent any additional burden suddenly. The latest revision will add to the burden of 2.25 lakh consumers, 85-90% of whom are residential consumers.Justifying his action, executive engineer Shashikant Hastak said the general body, which is the policy make, had empowered the municipal commissioner to hike water tariff by 5% every year. \"Therefore, there was no need to take approval of the standing committee. The decision has to be sent to the committee for note. There is nothing wrong even if I send the decision to the standing committee late,\" he said.Condemning WWD for not maintaining transparency in hiking water tariff, secretary of Jan Aakrosh Ravi Kaskhedikar has said that the revision within seven months will not be tolerated. \"There should be at least one-year gap. Besides, it is not necessary to revise tariff every year. Citizens are facing several problems like water scarcity and contamination of water. Instead of correcting the problems, WWD is engaged in adding to the burdens of citizens. There seems to be a conspiracy behind this, to benefit the private operator. A series of agitations will be started to protest the revision,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15500117", "title": "Jayalalithaa disproportionate assets case: Former advocate general BV Acharya resigns", "text": "BANGALORE: In a development impacting the 15-year-old disproportionate assets case against Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa , former advocate general BV Acharya has resigned as special public prosecutor in the case.Acharya sent his resignation letter to the principal secretary to the home department . The 78-year-old refused to divulge details of the letter but said that filing of a private complaint citing his position as chairman of BMS Trust and the order for investigation by the special Lokayukta court had deeply hurt him, causing both embarrassment and mental agony.It is learnt that Acharya had told the authorities in his letter that when he was given the responsibility in February 2005, he thought that the trial would be over in six months or one year but that even after seven years, there was no progress. He also cited his health as one of the reasons.Acharya is also not happy with the attitude of the accused who have tried to obstruct the trial. One such example is the private complaint lodged against him before the special Lokayukta court early this year wherein the court had directed for investigation. The investigation was quashed by the high court last week after Acharya filed a criminal petition and the complainant was imposed a cost of Rs 50,000 payable to Acharya.In that criminal petition, Acharya said some vested interests were after him to see that he quit from his role as special public prosecutor in the assets case against Jayalalithaa.Peek into pastAcharya (in pic) was appointed special public prosecutor on February 19, 2005, following the transfer of the case from Chennai to the special court, Bangalore, on directions of the Supreme Court in December 2003. About a year ago, Acharya resigned from the post of advocate general after intense pressure from the BJP top leadership asking him to choose either the post of advocate general or that of SPP in the Jayalalithaa case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15500052", "title": "Two IPS officers get Presidents' police medal", "text": "PATNA: Two IPS officers of the state - ADG (Modernisation) KS Dwivedi and ADG (HQ) Ravindra Kumar - have been honoured with the Presidents' police medal for distinguished services on the eve of Independence Day.Two police personnel Rameshwar Prasad Verma and Pravendra Bharti, both sub-inspectors, have been selected for president police medal for gallantry.Besides, 16 police personnel including six IPS officers have been awarded with the police medal for meritorious services. Those who got the meritorious services award are - IG (Bhagalpur Zone) AK Ambedkar, IG (Special Branch) Paresh Saxena, Bettiah DIG Pankaj Kumar Darad, DIG (Bhagalpur Range) Amit Kumar Jain, DIG, CID (Anti-Dacoity) Kamal Kishore Singh and DIG (Munger Range) Anil Kishore Yadav.The President's Correctional Service Medal for distinguish service of this year has been announced to the state prison director (industries) Birchandra Pratap Singh. IG prison Anand Kishore said, \"This is the first time some state prison personnel received the President's award for meritorious service. Singh had significant role in construction of the Open jail at Buxar. He has initiated many proposals and has taken lot of efforts towards the improvement of the state prisons.\"Kishore added, \"In international trade fair organised at Pragati Maidan, New Delhi in 2011, the stall of jail produce in Bihar pavilion attracted huge public attention and interest for products of state prisoners. In 2011-2012 Bihar prisons collected revenue of Rs 17 crore which is all time high in Bihar prisons' history and perhaps in India prisons industry.\" Singh was also deputed to control the disturbances created by Naxal prisoners in Adarsh Central Jail, Beur in 2008-09, Biharsharif, Phulwarisharif and in other state prisons.Other policemen awarded include sub-inspector (Muzaffarpur) Prabhakar Mishra, sub-inspector (railway) Vashishta Kumar, steno sub-inspector (police headquarters) Krishna Kumar, ASI (special branch) Neelima Sahai, ASI (special branch) Pramod Kumar Singh, hawaldar Mohd Firoz Khan, sepoy, BMP (14) Prakash Chandra Gupta, inspector (vigilance bureau) Baidhyanath Prasad, ASI (vigilance bureau) Premnath Mishra and constable of vigilance investigation bureau Govind Dwivedi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15497862", "title": "CBI officers probing big cases awarded", "text": "NEW DELHI: CBI sleuths probing sensational cases like the Shehla Masood murder, 2G spectrum scam and the CWG scam are among 24 agency officials who have been awarded President's Police Medal for distinguished service and Police Medal for meritorious service on Independence Day.Joint director Keshav Kumar, who headed the probe into the murder of RTI activist Shehla Masood in Madhya Pradesh , has been awarded the medal for distinguished services while his team member DIG Arun Bothra got it for meritorious service.Assistant director( Interpol ) N S Kharayat, who was probing cases related to the CWG scam; SP Javed Siraj, special task force; ASP Ravinder Singh Jaggi of special unit; and inspectors Rajender Kumar Gaur who handles media wing and Jeet Singh of Training Academy are among six officials decorated with the medal for distinguished service.DIG Sanjay Singh, who heads one of its anti-corruption units and led the probe into a number of cases related to the CWG scam, is one of the 18 officers decorated with the medal for meritorious service.DIG R Hitendra, of anti-corruption bureau (ACB) in Bangalore who is probing cases against former Karnataka CM B S Yeddyurappa, and DIG Hiren C Nath, of ACB, Guwahati, have been awarded the medal for meritorious service. DSP Rajesh Chahal at ACB, Delhi, who is probing the 2G spectrum scam, has also got it.Other awardees with the medal are additional SP S Jaikumar, DSPs Santosh Kumar and Diptendu Bhattacharya, inspectors Jagdish Prasad, Shailendra Pratap Singh, Ravi Kant Jain, B B Tiwari and Rajeev Chandola, sub-inspectors L N Murthy and C V Pujari, assistant SI S P B Kharkongor, and head constables Kusum Pal Singh and M Chandrasekhar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15502284", "title": "Independence Day address: PM Manmohan Singh blames lack of political consensus for slow growth", "text": "NEW DELHI: Battling the charge of policy paralysis in the government, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Wednesday blamed lack of political consensus for slow growth and vowed to do everything to boost economy through investments while linking development processes to national security.Addressing the nation from the ramparts of historic Red Fort on the occasion of 66th Independence Day, he promised to work for reducing corruption in public life and sought the help of all political parties in passing the Lokpal and Lokayuktas Bill in Parliament in this regard.During his 35-minute speech in Hindi, Singh made a host of announcements in social sector like expanding the national health scheme and electrification, undertaking skill development and assessment of teachers.The 79-year-old economist Prime Minister also sought to encourage foreign investors, who have been apprehensive after certain recent taxation decisions, that there would be \"no barriers\" to investment in India.He referred to violence in Assam and promised that the causes would be looked into and steps taken to ensure that such incidents are not repeated anywhere else.He highlighted that internal security in the country, including Jammu and Kashmir, had improved but said the recent blasts in Pune were a reminder that more needed to be done.In his ninth consecutive Independence Day address, only the third Prime Minister to do so after Jawaharlal Nehru and Indira Gandhi, Singh said there was a need to \"introspect what remains to be done\" so that \"we learn from our failures and build on our successes\".\"As far as creating an environment within the country for rapid economic growth is concerned, I believe that we are not being able to achieve this because of a lack of political consensus on many issues,\" Singh said.\"Time has now come to view the issues which affect our development processes as matters of national security,\" he said.The statement assumes significance as the government has been facing the charge of policy paralysis with key economic reforms decisions, like FDI in retail, being stuck due to opposition by allies.The Prime Minister said India was being affected by the \"difficult phase\" encountered by the global economy.\"Also there have been domestic developments which are hindering our economic growth,\" he said, pointing out that last year, the GDP grew by 6.5 per cent.Hoping to \"do a little better\" this year, Singh said, \"I believe that this period of difficulties will not last long. Even as we face these problems, we should be encouraged by the fact that we have achieved extraordinary successes in many areas in the last 8 years. We now need to replicate these successes in newer areas.\"He said the government will leave no stone unturned to encourage investment in the country so that entrepreneurs can make a substantial contribution to the economy.\"To attract foreign capital, we will have to create confidence at the international level that there are no barriers to investment in India,\" he said.Foreign investors have been apprehensive after some recent decisions on tax matters like retrospective amendment and General Anti-Avoidance Rules (GAAR).Talking about corruption over which his government has been facing an onslaught from civil society and opposition, Singh said, \"We will continue our efforts to bring more transparency and accountability in the work of public servants and to reduce corruption.\"While doing so, steps will be taken to see that the morale of public functionaries taking decisions in public interest is not affected because of baseless allegations and unnecessary litigation, he said.In this context, Singh referred to the Lokpal and Lokayuktas Bill which was passed by the Lok Sabha last year and is now pending with the Rajya Sabha.\"We hope that all political parties will help us in passing this Bill in the Rajya Sabha,\" he said.\"Our commitment to make the work of the government and administration transparent and accountable stands,\" he said.\"But we will also take care that these measures do not result in a situation in which the morale of public functionaries taking decisions in public interest gets affected because of baseless allegations and unnecessary litigation,\" the Prime Minister said.He also referred to the Public Procurement Bill and said such measures will increase transparency in decision making.Among the announcements, Singh said the National Rural Health Mission will be expanded to cover all towns of the country by converting the scheme into National Health Mission.The NRHM was launched in 2005 to provide health services in every village in the country.The Prime Minister said the government is also formulating a scheme for distribution of free medicines through government hospitals and health centres.He said in a bid to create new job opportunities for youth in the coming years, government is making efforts to put in place a system for training 8 crore people in many new skills.\"We also wish to provide short duration training courses of 6 weeks to 6 months...the National Skill Development Council has formulated a major scheme for skill development in which 8 crore people will be trained in the next 5 years,\" he said.He said the government is considering the establishment of a National Skill Development Authority so that skill development programmes all over the country can be implemented in a coordinated manner.\"We would also need contribution from the private sector and non-Governmental organisations in this work,\" the Prime Minister said.He also said the government was targeting to provide electricity to each and every household in our country in the next 5 years and to also improve the supply of electricity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15499112", "title": "\u2018I will try to fulfill my dad\u2019s aspirations\u2019", "text": "JAIPUR: After donning the 'Pagdi' (headgear) to lead her family comprising two sisters and mother, 34-year-old Trishla is now all set to pursue the dreams of her late father.On Sunday, at Bada Naya Baas village in Hindauli tehsil in Bundi district, Trishla Singh, the eldest daughter of late Ram Singh Dhabai, was declared as head of the family after her mother Amrita Singh tied a 'Pagdi' on the 12th mourning day. This was the first case in Rajasthan where women organized the ceremony of 'Pagdi Ki Rasam'.\"My father did everything for us throughout his life while working in the farms. All of us got not only proper education, but we are also good at sports. When he was alive he never discouraged or discriminated among us. After his death, we thought we should all do what our father had dreamt of and could not pursue,\" said Trishla, who has done her PhD in psychology from IIT, Kanpur.Dhabai's three daughters, all well educated, opposed the age-old custom of making a male the head of the family and sought the district collector's intervention. The three girls \u2014 Trishla, Tashima and Tarini \u2014 went a step further and participated in the last rites of their father, including lighting the funeral pyre.The three sisters have now decided to start a scholarship in the name of their father and also give infrastructural support to government schools.\"We will start a scholarship for the meritorious students of the government school of our village. If needed, will also provide infrastructural support to the school of our village,\" Trishla said.The tale of three sisters is a bit similar to Manmohan Desai's films in which a father always treated daughters like sons to get them proper education and empowerment.According to Trishla, getting the hereditary rights and organising the 'Pagdi Ki Rasam' was not an easy task. \"Many a times government officials discouraged us saying we should avoid a situation where we had to confront our cousins and uncles. However, district collector, Bundi, Aarti Dogra was kind and provided police protection and got some of our relatives detained,\" Trishla said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "15499769", "title": "Police team to curb crime during Onam", "text": "KOTTAYAM: The district police are all geared up to meet any eventuality this festival season. A special team is being formed to check criminal activities during Onam, said C Rajagopal, district superintendent of police.\"Cops in mufti will be deployed in groups to keep a check on robbers, pick-pockets, etc,\" he said.\"Preventive arrests will be made under IPC section 401. A person can be arrested if it's found s/he is associated with some criminal gang,\" he said. \"The squads will be on duty for two weeks starting from next week. A meeting of DySPs will be soon convened to chart out the details,\" he said. Urging the public to share with police any information they may have on criminal activities, Rajagopal said: \"We won't disclose the identity of the informer.\"K M Radhakrishna Pillai, president, Residents Association's Apex Council, said all associations would extend support to the police in their effort. \"The person who passed on information to police about a bank robbery attempt on Sunday, is associated with the Janamaithry project of West police station,\" he said. He also urged women not to move around wearing excess jewellery. \"Do inform your neighbours even if you are going out only for a day,\" Pillai said.Joy Jacob, secretary, senior citizens forum, said the large number of migrant labourers in the town was posing a security problem. \"There should be some system to keep a watch on them as there are many old couples and single persons staying alone,\" he said.\"Now people are afraid to engage unknown persons as domestic helps. And this has forced many people to move into apartments for better security. Government should engage some approved agencies to provide domestic helps for senior citizens,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15498247", "title": "Charges in Kirnapure case on Aug 28", "text": "NAGPUR: District and additional sessions judge VN Tambi on Tuesday deferred framing of charges in the Monica Kirnapure murder case till August 28. The hearing on a plea by one of the accused in the case has also been rescheduled for the same day.The hearing for five accused, present at the court, was conducted for framing of charges, which has been scheduled for the next date. One of the accused, Kunal Jaiswal, was present but court could not conduct his hearing due to absence of his counsel, it is learnt.Additional public prosecutor Varsha Saikhedkar appeared for the prosecution as special public prosecutor Ujjwal Nikam was not present.Monica, a third year engineering student, was stabbed to death on March 11 last year, while she was on her way to college. Police arrested five persons for their role in the murder while one is still absconding. The high profile case was cracked by city police after much furore and citizens rising in protest against the law and order situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15500226", "title": "Gang war: Man who fired at builder arrested", "text": "LUDHIANA: Absconding proclaimed offenders Sukhpreet Singh and Amandeep Singh alias Asa were arrested after Monday's shootout along with an associate of Sukhpreet, Gopal Krishan Mahajan alias Gautam. Amandeep had fired gunshots at Sukhpreet and Gautam in Jewaddi on Monday evening.Sukhpreet is the same person who had fired at Model Town-based builder Jagdeep Singh Chahil on June 18 when Jagdeep was helping someone he knew. The three injured are under treatment at Dayanand Medical College &amp; Hospital.Police discovered Sukhpreet was the one who fired at builder Chahil in June during his interrogation after arresting him injured, said SHO, Dugri, Bant Singh. \"Asa had old rivalry with Sukhpreet and Gautam and seeing both of them together on Monday, he fired at them, but received bullets in return and was injured. The weapons have not been recovered yet,\" added the SHO.Model Town SHO Ashok Kumar said they have not started investigating the June firing confessed by Sukhpreet as the injured are still under treatment. He said Sukhpreet would be taken in custody on production warrants in regard to that case.In another shootout involving gang members on Monday night, Pinku Kumar of Shimlapuri, kingpin of Pinku gang, lost his life when his rival Boxer gang kingpin, Rakesh Kumar alias Boxer of Daba shot at him. SHO, Daba, Jatinderjit Singh said the accused are still absconding, while Pinku's body was handed over to his family after postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15504559", "title": "Student gored to death during Independence Day parade in Orissa", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Tragedy struck an Independence Day parade in Athagarh area of Odisha's Cuttack district when a buffalo gored a 15-year-old school student to death on Wednesday.Three other students, including a girl escaped with minor injuries, police sources said.The incident occurred when the students were marching down the lane in Abhimanpur village, about 70 km from Bhubaneswar. As per normal practice in most rural schools, the students of Charantosh High School were passing through the village, beating drums and cymbals after unfurling the Tri-colour.Apparently perturbed by the drum beats, the buffalo let loose its noose and barged into the parade, triggering a stampede-like situation. The animal charged at a few students and trampled Deepak Das, Class X student, to death, eyewitnesses said.\"Though Deepak was rushed to nearby hospital, doctors declared him dead. The three injured were also admitted to hospital. The injuries were not serious and the three discharged after first aid,\" Athagarh DSP, Pradipta Jena told TOI.\"The buffalo has been recaptured by villagers,\" Jena said.While a pall of gloom hung over the village, some locals staged road blockade near Athagarh demanding adequate compensation to the families of the deceased and the injured students.\"It is an unfortunate incident. We would discuss the compensation matter with the district administration,\" the DSP informed.In another development relating to Independence Day, over 300 activists of an NGO were taken into preventive custody by police in Bhubaneswar while they were on their way to lodge a protest with chief minister Naveen Patnaik , demanding proper implementation of the Green Card Scheme in Odisha.They planned to stage the demonstration on Mahatma Gandhi Marg (MGM) where Naveen attended the Independence Day function. \"We stopped the activists on the city outskirts and took them into preventive detention. They were released later. The Independence Day celebration was incident-free,\" Bhubaneswar ACP (zone VI) P K Patnaik said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15498297", "title": "Governor to discuss private university quota with CM", "text": "PUNE: Maharashtra governor K Sankaranarayanan has said that he will discuss the issue of introduction of quota policy in the Private Universities Bill with the chief minister (CM), before taking a call on the matter.\"I have not proposed anything to the government so far. I will have a discussion with the CM and take a decision thereafter,\" Sankaranarayanan told reporters at the inaugural function of the University of Pune's (UoP) newly-constructed law department building on Tuesday.The draft of the Maharashtra Self Financed Universities (Establishment &amp; Regulation) Bill was approved by the state cabinet in March and is currently with the governor for his approval.However, several delegations have since met the governor with a plea that reservation be included so that \"social equity\" is maintained in private universities. The governor has yet to take a call whether to refer the bill back to the cabinet for a revision.As of now, 18 Indian states have allowed the private sector to set up universities. The draft prepared by Maharashtra had stated that the university must not deny admission to meritorious need-based students.Sankaranarayanan, also the chancellor of the state universities, said that reforms in higher education in the state remains a continuing process and will keep going on as per decisions taken by the government. \"Once, a decision is taken, it is not possible to change,\" he said.Asked about the priority areas, Sankaranarayanan said that development of education, along with all areas, remains one of the key thrusts for the state.On the Maharashtra Public Universities Act, proposed by one of the three higher education reforms committees appointed by the state, Shankaranarayanan said, \"It (the Act) will come through at an appropriate time.\"Earlier, Sankaranarayanan inaugurated the newly constructed ground-plus-two storied structure of the law department building, which has been built at a cost of Rs 5 crore and involves total 46,000 sq ft of construction covering 25 rooms. Apart from classrooms, the building has a facility for library, moot court room, language lab, reading room and seminar hall.The governor visited each of these facilities before addressing the UoP's law students on the issue of democracy, freedom of speech and expression and the significance of legal education.\"It is important that law students remain inquisitive and ask more and more questions about socio-economic and political issues, considering that law education can be utilised across all fields,\" Shankaranarayan said.\"India is a developing democracy where people have freedom of expression and speech and can participate in processes like amendment in the Constitution. This has been possible only due to democracy,\" he said.Vice-chancellor of UoP W N Gade, law department head T S N Sastry, registrar Manikrao Jadhav, director of board of college and university development V B Gaikwad, senior management council members Sanjeev Sonawane, Vilas Kharat, finance and accounts officer Vidya Godghate, controller of examination Sampada Joshi and executive engineering R V Patil were among those present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15498638", "title": "Akhilesh Yadav stresses on biomass plants to meet power crisis", "text": "LUCKNOW: Bringing the focus back on inadequate power generation in the state, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Tuesday said his government was committed to improving power generation in UP.Emphasising the need to tap non-conventional energy sources to boost power generation, Akhilesh said biomass power generation plants are a viable alternate that can boost the state's manufacturing capacity.Speaking on the sidelines of a presentation on clean and non-conventional energy sources, Akhilesh said, \"Small projects based on non-conventional energy sources will not only help deal with the poor crisis but also keep the environment clean.''Directing officials to explore possibilities of increasing UP's manufacturing capacity, especially through non-conventional sources of power, Yadav also ordered a survey to study the viability of these projects at different locations in the state.The chief minister added that since such power generation plants depend on agro-based products, setting up more small scale units would also help create employment opportunities in rural areas, apart from earning revenue from agricultural waste.Akhilesh said non-conventional and smaller power units were easier to establish in comparison to traditional thermal units, which are capital intensive and take longer to set up and start generation. Smaller biomass-based power units, on the other hand, he added, could address power needs locally. Asserting that the state government is committed towards improving the power scenario in the state, the CM said it was paramount for UP's development.He added that as an agrarian economy, there could be no shortage of biomass in Uttar Pradesh . As a result, it has the potential of being a good source of power, apart from generating waste, which can also be harnessed for other productive purposes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "15499677", "title": "Junagadh to get medical college, 1,500 bed hospital", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Junagadh will have a medical college as well as a 1,500 bed hospital.On the eve of Independence Day, chief minister Narendra Modi also announced development works worth Rs 2,050 crore in Junagadh and laid the foundation stone for the medical college complex. The medical college will be managed by Gujarat Medical Education Research Society.Modi also interacted with the farmers through video conference and launched 'ICT launching of life' project of Junagadh Agricultural University.Unveiling the agricultural development work plan of the university, he said Gujarat has received 36 MHz satellite transponder from the government of India which has been successfully used in providing guidance to the farmers in remote areas and for providing long-distance education.He also assured that the state government will go all out to help farmers and protect their livestock in times of water scarcity.Addressing a youth convention and Sorath Sakhimandal sammelan, Modi announced that the government will form 'Vivekananda Yuva Kendras' across the state and provide sports kits to all of them.He said the government will undertake growing of sea-weed through women groups aiming at economic empowerment of poor women living in the coastal areas. He also inaugurated the district revenue Seva Sadan and a building meant for the district police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15500194", "title": "Philatelic Expo in Trichy pays tribute to freedom fighters", "text": "TRICHY: In a homage to the freedom fighters of India, students in Trichy presented a mini exhibition at the philatelic bureau of the head post office in the city. Launched on the eve of Independence Day, the expo consisted of three presentations from students on India's struggle for freedom. J Raghupathy, secretary of the Trichy Philatelist's Association said the exhibition would be open to public from 10am to 6pm on all working days till September 5, 2012.R Susendran, an eighth standard student has narrated the story of how the great sons of the soil had sacrificed their lives so that we could be free. Aided by an assortment of stamps, first-day covers and brochures, all issued in the post independence era, he describes the freedom struggle in a vivid manner. His entry had also won a national award last year at a Chennai exhibition.Irin Princy, pursuing B Ed at the Holy Cross College, has recorded the milestones of India's freedom struggle such as the Sepoy Mutiny of 1857, the Vellore Mutiny, the Jallianwala Bagh massacre, the Quit India movement, the famous Salt Satyagraha, Gandhiji's Dandi march and the march from Trichy to Vedaranyam under the leadership of Rajaji. They are all presented in a single frame exhibit.K Sivachidambaram, a third-year engineering student in his 32 sheet exhibit, has chronicled all the freedom fighters by portraying the first-day covers issued on different occasions. India Post had issued over 50 stamps in the 1980s with the vertical band of the Indian tri colors printed on either side of vignette panel, said P Soundararajan, president, Trichy Philatelist's Association.Soundararajan said it was an irony that the government of India had brought out its first stamp of independent India only on November 21, 1947, featuring the Indian tri-color in a brilliant depiction. However, mistakes continued in 1948, with the release of stamps on the first anniversary of Indian independence presenting the father of nation. The stamps were printed on foreign soil for a person who had all along crusaded for the Swadeshi movement, added Soundararajan.Full of printer's devils, the exhibits were nevertheless fascinating. For instance, the synopsis on Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose said that, \"He was supposed to have death in a plain crash.\" As for Nehru, the blurb read, \"As his father Motilal Nehru was also a freedom fighter, there is no appose for him to join in it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15489178", "title": "Sonakshi puts dad Shatrughan Sinha under house arrest", "text": "Though Shatrughan Sinha is back home he is not allowed to meet too many guests or use his phone, let alone step out for anything except a morning walk. And it's not the doctor's order. It's daughter Sonakshi who's taking time off from her busy schedule to be at home with her father to make sure that her father continues to maintain the diet and routine that he did in hospital.Laughing his trademark laughter and \"sneaking into his wife's phone\" without Sonkashi's consent the now-recuperated star-politician said, \"There's only one woman I'm afraid of. I can't defy any command from my daughter. She has taken away my phones and put me under house arrest.\"The actor is happy to be back home. \"I've never been away from home for this long. It's been a full 40 days. Not even the longest outdoor shooting of my career stretched that long. Luckily for me my wife was at the hospital 24x7 and my children spent as much time with me as possible. Thanks to my family and my doctors, I am born again.\"Shatruji gives full marks to his surgeon Dr Anvay Mulay for giving him a new life. \"We were advised to opt for a more senior surgeon. But we had full faith in Dr Mulay. He made the entire procedure of surgery and recuperation seem like a cakewalk. He joked to my wife after the surgery, 'I saw many names on his heart when I opened it up. I deleted all of them and left only your name on it.' Little does he know there're secret places in my heart where a surgeon can't enter.\"The fast flow of guests at the Sinhas' residence Ramayan has begun. Shatruji is taking it easy. He intends to travel to Patna to spend some time at his ancestral home as soon as he's allowed to travel. Says Shatruji, \"I've already sent a letter to the Parliament asking for sick leave. As soon as I can travel, or rather my dear daughter would allow me to travel, I want to go home.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15502512", "title": "Independence Day: Delhiites turn up in large numbers at Red Fort", "text": "NEW DELHI: A pleasant morning with clear sky lifted the patriotic spirits of Delhiites today as they enthusiastically turned up in large numbers to celebrate the country's 66th Independence Day.The clouds gave way to a brighter sky and the Sun rose from its slumber at around 7.15 AM as the celebration was reaching its peak at the majestic Red Fort here, in sharp contrast to last year when it was marred by heavy downpour.Unprecedented security cover, that included tight vigil by gun-totting security personnel in and around the venue, did not dampen the spirits of the people.At 7.20 AM, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's cavalcade reached the Lahore Gate where he was received by defence minister A K Antony, minister of state for defence M M Pallam Raju and defence secretary Shashikant Sharma.The defence secretary introduced the general officer commanding, Delhi Area, Lt. General Vijay Kumar Pillai, to the Prime Minister.Then Singh, accompanied by the general officer commanding, Delhi Area, Manvendra Singh, proceeded towards the saluting base where he unfurled the national tricolour from a closed enclosure.There were no rains this time and the weather was pleasant, making the atmosphere more pleasant as school children jostled with each other to catch a glimpse of Singh and his wife Gursharan Kaur.Dressed in track suits, about 5,000 children from several schools of the national capital attended the celebrations which saw the participation of leaders like Congress president Sonia Gandhi, Lok Sabha Speaker Meira Kumar, finance minister P Chidambaram, home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde and senior BJP leader L K Advani among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15499175", "title": "Marbat, badgya organizers worried over potholes", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as revelry over traditional marbat and badgya procession has set the festivity tone in the old city areas of east and north Nagpur, organizers have expressed serious concern over potholes that may prove to be hurdles in the procession, taken out on the occasion of 'Tanha Pola'.Last year, the procession was delayed as 128-year-old Pivli marbat taken out by the Tarhane Teli Samaj, Jagnath Budhwari, got stranded after wheels of the cart carrying the marbat got stuck in potholes at several places.Prakash Gaurkar and Vijay Khopde, president and secretary respectively of the Pivli Marbat Committee, said this year too the situation is bad. There are potholes at many places on the route from where the marbat will pass through.Gaurav Harde, president of the 132-year-old Kali Marbat Utsav Samiti, Nehru Putla, too expressed similar concerns. \"Kali marbat weighs around 250kg. It is carried by trained workers. Last year, these workers stumbled over these potholes amid huge crowd,\" said Harde.The Kali and Pivli marbats, along with a dozen badgyas - effigies made out of cardboard, bamboo and waste paper highlighting burning issues grappling the society, are star attractions of the procession viewed by thousands from the city amid shouting of slogans \"gheun jaa ge marbat (take away all ills from the society).\"The festivity at Pivli and Kali marbat temples has already began. Hundreds of women devotees are offering prayers daily. As the office-bearers have changed hands with old ones being replaced by the youths, the focus of celebration is also getting a new meaning.\"For the first time, four-day social and cultural events have been organized including 'Little Champs', a Marathi songs' contest for budding 20-year-old singers from the city. A 'khada tamasha' (folk art) has also been organized on Friday. On Saturday, the procession will start at 10am,\" said Harde.Gaurkar said the Pivli marbat celebrations have already started from Monday. The events will include national and devotional songs' programme. On Saturday, the procession will be inaugurated at 9am by Jan Manch chief Anil Killor.Last year, the badgyas and marbats sent out a message against corruption and joined hands with social worker Anna Hazare . This year too, corruption and inflation will be the main issues. Gaurkar says, \"Plight of cooperative banks and how people lost money owing to faulty government policies will be our theme.\"\"Our protest will be against the UPA government which has failed to arrest inflation. Fuel, food and LPG price hike have made life difficult for the common man,\" said Pradeep Borikar, convener of the 41-year-old Chhatrapati Shivaji Park Badgya Utsav Samiti, Itwari Maskasath.The procession will pass through Pachpaoli, Golibar Chowk, Maskasath, Nehru Putla, where both the Kali and Pivli will meet at 11am. The rally will later pass through Itwari Shahid Chowk, Gandhi Putla, Badkas Chowk, Kotwali, Mahal, Gandhi Gate, Agrasen Chowk, Ganjakhet and Tandapeth, where it will be burned. The Kali marbat procession will end at Bagadganj.A mix of patriotism and religionThe marbat utsav in Nagpur is over 150 years old. It actually started taking shape in 1885, when Indian National Congress (INC) came into being. During the same time, Lokmanya Tilak promoted Ganesotsav to unite people against the British. The 'Chale Jao' call given by Mahatma Gandhi against Britishers was effectively spearheaded through the marbat procession by the Tarane Teli Samaj. In 1885, two brothers - Aaapaji and Batanji Khopde were the first to take out the procession of Pivli marbat around four feet then. It was to protest against atrocities on people by the Britishers. From 1914, a 20-feet marbat is being made. There's also mythological significance to the festival. The Pivli and Kali marbat depict demon Kans' maternal aunt Putna, who attempted to kill Lord Krishna on the Pola day. The Kali marbat also symbolizes protests against Bhonsle queen Bakabai, who was responsible for British entry in Nagpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15498326", "title": "Pune top cop, senior IAS officer get President's medal for distinguished service", "text": "PUNE: Commissioner of police, Pune, Gulabrao Pol and senior IPS officer Sharad Prasad Yadav have been awarded the President's Police Medal for distinguished service. The central government announced the awards on the eve of Independence Day.Yadav is the additional director general of the state criminal investigation department, Pune. Pol had earlier received the President's Police Medal for meritorious service.Pol had taken effective steps to curb anti-social activities and had increased the case detection rate to a large extent when he was the commissioner of police, Navi Mumbai. His follow up with the CIDCO authorities and state government had resulted in acquisition of land for the Navi Mumbai police headquarters.He was a staff officer to the state director general of police for planning, assessing and deploying manpower requirement to ensure maintenance of law and order in the state. He ensured that all festivals were celebrated peacefully and that there were no law and order problems in the Zilla Parishad and municipal elections held in 2012.Yadav has implemented several welfare schemes for policemen and made drastic reforms in administration branches.The President's Police Medal for meritorious service has been awarded to senior police inspector Prasad Hasabnis of Kondhwa police station, CID senior inspector Shivajirao Kanase, senior inspector Arjun Sakunde of Vishrambaugh police station, assistant sub-inspector (ASI) Baswant Birajdar of Sahakarnagar police station, ASI Vilas Rajapure of Swargate police station, ASI Haribhau Gawari and ASI Uttam Thite of Vishrambaugh police station, assistant police inspector Rajaram Nale of the traffic branch, sub-inspector Vilas Bhosale of control room, assistant police sub-inspector Tukaram Mavale of SRPF, Group II, and head constable Harihar Kulkarni of Samarth police station.Hasabnis, who has been in service for over 28 years has received 265 awards. He busted an inter-state racket of RTO agents in 2008. He had seized 4.9 kg gold biscuits and had arrested 11 people when he was posted at Sahar police station in Thane. He is also a recipient of the director general insignia medal.Kanase was instrumental in getting the accused sentenced to life imprisonment in 10 important cases in the state. He has busted several chain-snatching and house break-in gangs and seized eight pistols and a gun. He has 270 awards to his credit. He has also received the director general insignia medal.Sakunde had played a key role in organising meetings of Ganesh mandals and citizens to maintain law and order in Pune. He had solved complicated cases at his earlier postings in Sangli, Satara and Kolhapur districts. He had taken measures to reduce accidents on the Pune-Bangalore highway.Birajdar has been in service for over 30 years and has served in naxalite-affected areas like Gadchiroli and Chandrapur. Rajpure, who has been in service for over 36 years, was instrumental in arresting dacoits and chain-snatchers and recovering stolen goods in 18 cases.Gawari had trained 250 policemen in a year. He has received 128 awards in over 35 years of service, including a gold medal in a marathon race. Thite has solved several property offences in over 34 years of service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15499174", "title": "'Conduct joint meeting with parents and education department'", "text": "NASHIK: Parents of students of Rasbihari English Medium School (RIS) and volunteers of Forum Against Commercialization of Education (FACE) met the NMC's education officer on Tuesday after their wards were not permitted to use the bus facility on Monday. The officer has sent a letter to the school instructing them to conduct a joint meeting on August 21.RIS had allegedly hiked the fees by 63% this academic year without the education department's permission and had prevented the children, who had not paid the fees, from using the school bus facility on Monday. Parents approached the Panchvati police station where PI Bajirao Bhosale asked the school manager to let the children use the bus. Earlier at the open house on Saturday, these students were not handed over the marksheets.Parents and volunteers of FACE met the NMC's education officer, Nitin Upasani on Tuesday with their grievances and details of the occasions when they had communicated with the schoolthe education officer and the deputy director of education about their grievances. \"We approached the NMC's education office and the state government's department of secondary and higher secondary education with our grievances time and again. We approached them for the issue of fee hike, the school's harassment by not permitting grandparents in the school, of not giving marksheets to students, not permitting them to use the bus facility and also threatening to close down the school,\" said volunteers of FACE.Upasani said that he will despatch a letter to the school that they conduct a joint meeting with the some parents and volunteers of FACE, the education officer and a representative of the deputy director of education on August 21 at 4 pm.\"They cannot close down the school. If they want to, the parents can form a trust and manage the school. Such cases have happened in a school in Igatpuri and Malegaon where parents have taken over the school,\" added Upasani. School authorities said that they had submitted an application for fee approval in November 2011 but Upasani said that he had not received it and that the one submitted by them in March 2012 was rejected due to lack of documents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15504060", "title": "Mangalore-based Corporation Bank donates wheelchairs to Indian Railways", "text": "MANGALORE: Mangalore-based Corporation Bank on Wednesday donated wheelchairs to Indian Railways on the occasion of Independence Day.Ajai Kumar, chairman and managing director handed over three wheelchairs to authorities of Mangalore central railway station at the Independence Day celebrations held at corporate office here. The wheel-chairs have been donated as part of corporate social responsibility for benefit of differently-abled passengers.Ajai Kumar who handed over the wheelchairs to PM Radhakrishnan, station master started the Independence Day celebrations by unfurling national tricolour at the corporate office in the presence of Ashwani Kumar and Amar Lal Daultani, executive directors. Ajai said, \"On this day we should rededicate and reflect on betterment of the country, society and ourselves. Every citizen of this country should celebrate this day with pride and vigour.\"A cultural show was organized on the day involving the Bank's staff and their family members, students of University College, Mangalore and differently-abled children from Chetana School, besides others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15499529", "title": "Police arrest lady don Farha Khan", "text": "HYDERABAD: Narayanguda police on Tuesday arrested lady don Farha Khan and her associates for their involvement in illegal property settlements and assaulting three persons at King Koti.At about 3.30 am on Tuesday, Farha Khan along with six associates reached the house of businessman Taher in King Koti. Police said Taher was having a long-standing property dispute with another person on the ownership of eight shops located in King Koti. Farha and her associates forcibly entered Taher's house and allegedly attacked Taher and his men and warned him to back off from the legal battle.Meanwhile, alerted by the locals, police reached the spot and arrested Farha along with her gang members. Cases under Sections 341, 427, 448 and 452 of the IPC were booked against them and they were produced in court and remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15500595", "title": "Four nabbed for Rs 23 lakh theft from Satellite home", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of city crime branch arrested four men, allegedly involved in a theft of goods worth Rs 23 lakh from a flat in Satellite a fortnight ago. Police said the gang also confessed to 21 other thefts from western parts of the city over the past one-and-a-half years. Police managed to recover stolen goods worth Rs 20.35 lakh from the group and are searching for the rest.According to crime branch officials, Vijay Shah, 58, a resident of Shiromani Residency, Satellite, had gone to Mount Abu for a weekend on July 29. His neighbours had then informed him about a break-in at his residence. The family returned the next day and found goods worth Rs 23 lakh, including one kg of gold and foreign currency, stolen.AK Sharma, joint commissioner of police (crime), told media on Tuesday that a team led by inspector B P Rojiya got a tip-off about Yogesh Kherat, 30, a resident of Thane in Maharashtra. \"Kherat was apprehended from the city on the basis of the information. Searching him uncovered four gold biscuits worth Rs 20.35 lakh. On being questioned, he confessed to being part of a four-member gang involved in a number of thefts in the city. The crime branch team was then sent to Jaipur from where Bhagaram Jat, 30, Rakesh Nat, 36 and Puran Rajnat, 46, all residents of various districts of Rajasthan, were apprehended,\" he said.Investigators said the group not only confessed to the Satellite theft, but also to a number of other break-ins , mainly involving flats in areas such as Satellite, Anandnagar, Ghatlodia, Naranpura, Gota, Vastrapur and Ellisbridge. Officials estimate the value of all the booty is more than Rs 90 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15504338", "title": "Sachin Tendulkar at NCA ahead of India-New Zealand series", "text": "BANGALORE: Senior Indian batsman Sachin Tendulkar began preparations for the upcoming New Zealand Test series with a practice session at the National Cricket Academy (NCA) on Wednesday.Tendulkar arrived in Bangalore from Mumbai on Monday morning and came to the NCA around 1.30 pm.After a brief chat with the NCA physio, Tendulkar started practice by asking Zaheer Khan, who has been undergoing training here for last few days, to bowl at him.Tendulkar chose to bat on fast-paced pitch. The first Test will begin in Hyderabad on August 23 while the second and final match is scheduled at Bangalore from August 31.The two teams will also play two Twenty20 matches after the Test series. The first T20 is slated for September 8 in Visakhapatnam while the second will be played in Chennai on September 11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15499758", "title": "Tamil Nadu notifies buffer zones in tiger reserves", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil Nadu on Monday notified the buffer and core zones in its three tiger reserves \u2014 Anamalai in Coimbatore district, Mudumalai in the Nilgiris and Kalakkad Mundanthurai in Tirunelveli district. The notification, which was published in the official gazette on Monday, is being kept under wraps until the information is submitted to the Supreme Court.Tamil Nadu carried out the final notification process after the Supreme Court reprimanded and imposed a fine on some states, including TN, for failing to notify the buffer zones. The court gave the states time until August 22 to submit details of the notification or face contempt proceedings.\"We shall file an affidavit with the Supreme Court on Thursday about the details of buffer areas that were notified,\" said B Balaji, stand-in counsel for Tamil Nadu.In the wake of the SC's pro-active move, Union minister for environment and forests Jayanti Natarajan also announced approval for Sathyamangalam forests to be converted into a tiger reserve. More significantly, she paved the way by inviting TN to submit a proposal for carving out a new reserve.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15498744", "title": "Third abandoned baby found in past two weeks", "text": "NOIDA: In the third case of abandonment in the last two weeks, a one-year-old baby girl was found near the Rajnigandha Chowk in Noida on Monday. Child rights activists are up in arms saying that the district administration must take stringent measures to stop such cases of abandonment of girls and disabled children.The girl was discovered by a PCR van during its patrol at 10pm on Monday. Upon medical examination, a few days old burn mark was found on her neck. She is currently in a private shelter home. Cops said they are trying to trace the girl's parents. \"There is no identification on the baby and no lost child case has been filed which matches her description. Her clothes indicate that she comes from a poor family,\" said a senior police officer.Child rights activists said there is increasing need for the district administration to make a stringent policy to tackle the frequent problem of abandonment of children. \"All three cases are clearly of parents not wanting the child. The administration needs to identify the social or economic strata such cases are originating from and then tailor existing policies accordingly,\" said Satya Prakash, FXB Suraksha-Childline.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15501552", "title": "Why is Salman Khan so pissed off these days?", "text": "Salman Khan who had assumed the role of Mr Cool lately seems to have lost it again. Big time. In the last week or so,Salman has been losing his temper so frequently that those close to him have named him 'Snappy Salman.' It has happened once too often at all the Ek Tha Tiger promotional during the past few days to be a coincidence. A few days ago in Lucknow Salman walked out of an event when the fans got a bit too excited on seeing him. In fact he was supposed to fly from Lucknow to Patna for his first ever visit to the Bihar capital. Bihar is known to be a breeding-ground for fanatical Salman supporters. When they heard the superstar had put off his visit arguing that fans in the smaller cities got dangerously excited on seeing him the Patna population was disappointed and livid. Said a film exhibitor Suman Sinha, \"We were looking forward to Mr Khan's visit. What does he mean by cancelling for a flimsy reason about small-towners misbehaving? We know how to treat VVVIP guests, even one like Mr Khan.\" But Salman cancelled. No one questioned. No one asks Salman the reason for what he does. On Monday at a promotional event he snapped at media persons for their questions.He has also expressed his boredom openly at the recent media events. Curiously he has also been making sarcastic rude remarks about Katrina in public with she sitting next to him.She's taken the behaviour sportingly enough. Says his friend, \"Salman has not been himself lately. It could be his old health issue. He doesn't discuss his neurological condition with anyone, not even his parents. He says talking about it makes it worse. All his family and friends have been instructed not to bring up the health condition.So we don't know if that's what's bothering him.It could just be the nervousness of the responsibility of delivering a major Eid blockbuster .\" Whatever the reason Snappy Salman took open swipes at Katrina at press events.She laughed them off. Then at one event he \"forgot\" his director Kabir Khan's name. All this edgy behaviour has been secretly worrying Salman's well-wishers. A friend on condition of anonymity said, \"Each time Bhai has a release he excitedly discusses scenes and shots. This time he's not talking to us about the film at all.\" The star,known to be ultra-moody and also famous for getting his way , has broken yet another Yashraj rule by getting a special screening of Ek Tha Tiger organized for his family and friends. Yashraj is known to guard their films from the public eye till the day when the film is released. Preview shows and pre-release press shows of Yashraj films are not allowed. Wading through the production house's rules Salman would have a screening of Ek Tha Tiger on Tuesday evening for his family and friends. Laughs his buddy, \"Salman does what he wants. He makes his own rules.And if he gives Yashraj a blockbuster in Ek Tha Tiger they'll happily want him for another film,all rules on broken battered and bruised.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15500150", "title": "Court orders can be bought, says Mamata", "text": "KOLKATA: A day after the state human rights commission slapped a Rs 50,000 fine on the police for arresting a Jadavpur University professor who had sent out cartoons on the chief minister from his email, Mamata Banerjee tore into the judiciary, claiming judicial orders can be procured for money.Speaking at a seminar on the 75th anniversary of the Bengal legislative assembly, Mamata said, \"Keno aajke takar binimoye court-e bichar hobe? (Why should judgment be delivered in exchange for money?) Corruption has made inroads into the judiciary and democracy as a whole. This is unfortunate. We may have won freedom but not economic freedom.\"The chief minister appeared aware of the consequences of her trenchant attack on the judiciary. She said: \"I am saying this in the assembly. If anyone condemns me, I will be happy. Someone can send me to jail, arrest me or accuse me of defamation. But somewhere I should express my opinion on what I am witnessing. Why many judgments are being made in exchange of money? Why? The judiciary will judge.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15499568", "title": "Stress on environment education to all", "text": "VARANASI: UGC Academic Staff College, Banaras Hindu University (BHU) organised the inaugural function of the fifth environmental study programme.Addressing the function, HP Dikshit, former vice-chancellor, Indira Gandhi National Open University (IGNOU), said that sufficient funds had been allocated in the 12th plan for the professional development and advancement. There was an urgent need of interdisciplinary studies and research, he said, adding that such programmes encouraged environment conservation. He said that there were a number of components of environment which should be integrated. Presiding over the function, AS Raghuvanshi, director of the Institute of Environment and Sustainable Development, BHU, said that as per the ruling of the Supreme Court, there was a need of rendering environment education to all.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15500082", "title": "Hardinge Road flank of Rail Overbridge opened", "text": "PATNA: Road Construction Department (RCD) minister Nandkishore Yadav on Tuesday inaugurated the Hardinge Road flank of Rail Overbridge (RBO).Yadav said with the opening of this flank, pressure on traffic would ease as it connects densely populated localities like R-block roundabout, Secretariat, Bailey Road, State assembly and Patna airport. It also connects Karbigahiya, Mithapur Bus Stand, Chanakya National Law University and National Institute of Fashion Technology, Punpun, Sipara and Indian Oil Company, the minister said.Yadav said there are six legs of this RBO and the New Bus Stand flank, Karbigahiya flank and Buddh Marg flank had been inaugurated on September 3, 2011 by CM Nitish Kumar. Work on the fifth and sixth flanks (Punpun and Mithapur) could not be started due to lack of land.Yadav said the government was planning to extend the flank joining south portion of Patna Junction to Chiraiyantand ROB.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15499475", "title": "Adilabad student shot dead in US", "text": "HYDERABAD: A PhD scholar from Andhra Pradesh doing research on cancer drugs and therapy was shot dead by unidentified group of assailants in Texas in the US on Monday night. Harinath Kotte hailed from Bellampalli in Adilabad district. He was 31 years old.Harinath, who went to the US in August 2009, was a research assistant at the Texas Tech University Health Sciences Center where he was pursuing research on drugs to increase anti-cancer efficacy. Sources said the assailants shot Harinath after demanding money from him and escaped. His father Ramesh runs a pan shop in Caltex area in Bellampalli. Sources said the family was informed about the tragic death of Harinath by the university authorities on Tuesday morning. Ramesh, a resident of Housing Board Colony in Bellampalli, rushed to Hyderabad to meet the US Embassy officials.Sources said Harinath's mother Padma collapsed after hearing the news of her son's death.Sources said Harinath along with his guide Dr Kalkunte Srivenugopal was seriously working on the methods to sensitize tumours to anti-cancer therapies and offer a better and rational medical treatment for cancer patients. The student completed his Bachelor of Pharmacy from University College of Pharmaceutical Sciences, Kakatiya University, Warangal, in 2004 and did his Master of Pharmacy degree with a specialisation in industrial pharmacy from KU in 2007. He pursued his schooling from CSI School in Bellampalli and Intermediate in Ongole.A pall of gloom descended on the household of Kotte family. Harinath has a younger brother and sister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15499746", "title": "Vanpic case: Dharmana resigns, but IAS officers will continue", "text": "HYDERABAD: While roads and buildings minister Dharmana Prasada Rao resigned from the Kiran cabinet on Tuesday night after he was named as accused number 5 in the Vanpic case being probed by the CBI, indications are that Manmohan Singh and M Samuel, the two IAS officers who were also named as accused in the same case, would continue to work in their current posts.A day after the CBI filed its chargesheet in the Vanpic case, Samuel attended to work at the state Secretariat in his capacity as special chief secretary, environment, forests, science and technology, the additional charge being held by the 1978 batch officer. Meanwhile, Manmohan Singh, principal secretary, animal husbandry and fisheries, proceeded for Raipur in Chhattisgarh on a two-week leave on Monday, the day the CBI filed its chargesheet. He is expected to return only in the first week of September and V Nagi Reddy, principal secretary, agriculture, has been given temporary additional charge.GAD sources said there was no need for either Samuel or Manmohan to be relieved from their current posts. \"These are charges leveled against the officers by the CBI and have to be proved in a court of law. The government has not endorsed these charges. Therefore, there is no need for these officers to step down. Only in the case of their arrest would such a situation arise,\" the sources said.However, others begged to differ. \"It is an irony of sorts that an officer who has been accused as being a co-conspirator in a case where thousands of acres of government land is gifted away to private parties continues to be the sole custodian of all government land in the state in his capacity as CCLA,\" one officer said.In fact, Samuel, who superannuates in March 2014, is a contender for the post of chief secretary when incumbent Minnie Mathew demits office in February 2013. However, all this could change if the CBI decides to arrest him. \"But with both the central and state governments hell bent on not giving sanction to the CBI to prosecute IAS officers who are chargesheeted, life can continue as usual for these two officers,\" said an official.A case in point is that of 1983 batch officer L V Subramanyam, whose name figured in the list of accused in the chargesheet filed by the CBI in the Emaar scam case. Despite repeated requests from the CBI, the state refused to accord sanction for his prosecution. As a result, not only did Subramanyam evade arrest, he has also managed to continue in the post of executive officer of Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams (TTD), the post he was in when the chargesheet was filed by the CBI in March 2012. Of the two other IAS officers named in the Emaar case, BP Acharya is already in jail while the investigating agency has not made any moves against K Visweswara Rao, who has since quit government service in favour of the private sector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15499567", "title": "\u2018It may take more time to understand Higgs Particle\u2019", "text": "VARANASI: \"We have found existence of Higgs Boson but it may take a few more years to understand all its features,\" said SK Joshi, former director general, Council of Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR), while delivering a lecture on 'God Particle: Higgs Boson and SN Bose's Statistics' at the faculty of science, Banaras Hindu University , on Monday.Joshi also spoke about great Indian physicist SN Bose's contribution to the world of science. Prior to 1921, atoms were considered the smallest known particle until JJ Thomson carried out experiment to break the atoms into smaller particles.With the help of accelerators, atoms were further broken into smaller particles but it could not be discovered that which force develops the mass in that smaller particle. On July 3, when two protons collided in Hadron Collider at CERN, Higgs Particles were discovered.Joshi also participated in a seminar on 'New challenges in research in India' at the department of physics, BHU.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15497861", "title": "21 Delhi cops bag Independence Day awards", "text": "NEW DELHI: Twenty-one personnel of Delhi Police, including joint commissioner D P Verma and additional commissioner Ajay Chaudhury, have been awarded police medals for distinguished and meritorious service on the occasion of Independence Day.While three joint commissioners - S B K Singh, Arvind Deep and Verma -- were selected for the Police Medal for Distinguished Service, 18 others, including Chaudhury, were awarded Police Medal for Meritorious Service.Among those who won the Police Medal for Meritorious Service are joint commissioner Garima Bhatnagar, additional commissioners Anil Shukla and Jaspal Singh, deputy commissioners K K Vyas and O P Mishra.S B K Singh, joint commissioner (Crime), was selected for the award for carrying out difficult investigations related to multi-level marketing and land developers and builders among things. He led the search and rescue operation of the missing helicopter carrying former Arunachal chief minister Dorjee Khandu .Deep, another winner of President's Medal for Distinguished Services, is presently posted in Arunachal Pradesh , while Verma is presently posted as joint commissioner in charge of Prime Minister's security.Chaudhary, presently additional commissioner (South-East) who was selected for President's Medal for Meritorious Services, was closely associated with the Commonwealth Games Village/Yamuna Sports Complex security planning during his tenure as DCP (East).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15502923", "title": "A fun-filled Saturday evening at the American Centre", "text": "Dance, music, food and bonhomie \u2014 Saturday evening saw the American Centre buzzing with activity. The occasion was the opening of an outlet at the centre by a coffee chain. \"Many spend hours on end at the library, studying.It will be nice if they get to munch on something in between,\" said Jeffrey K Reneau, director of the centre. When it came to entertainment, there were performances galore. After a gig by boy band Ifs and Buts and a dance recital by Sudarshan Chakravorty's Sapphire, Nischay Parekh took to the stage with his band, Monkey in Me. Their originals \"Always there\" and \"Monkey in me\" were an instant hit with the young audience. \"Our band is growing. We were on the lookout for a fourth member and thankfully, have got Rivu on board. He is a talented guitarist. We are of the same age and connect really well,\" said Nischay. Popular face in the music circuit \u2014 Neel Adhikari \u2014 was all praise for Nischay. \"Young he might be, but Nischay is much better than many established artistes. I'd rather listen to him than someone else,\" said Neel. Musician Bumpy too was thoroughly impressed. \"He is perhaps one of the best singer-songwriters of his age. I was floored when I first heard him sing. I have not come across such a powerful songwriter in a long, long time,\" said Bumpy. Even after Monkey in Me, the musical journey continued with Saptarshi taking centrestage with some hit film songs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15500178", "title": "'Maoist post' on hacked Trinamool Congress site", "text": "KOLKATA: A webpage on the official Trinamool Congress website - https:// aitmc.org/chairperson_archived.php - which records important announcements by chief minister Mamata Banerjee was hacked and made to look like the CM had apologised to Maoists.Trinamool's cyber team removed the offensive post within minutes. The hackers called themselves the 'Anonymous Group' and left a San Diego forwarding address. The group had earlier defaced the CID webpage and the health department portal.The Trinamool website was hacked at 7.30 pm and detected within six minutes by the party's cyber team that works round-the-clock , updating the site every 15 minutes, said a Trinamool leader. The post began with \"I am a Maoist\" and referred to the recent Belpahari incident. Agency reports said that Mamata's 'diary' on the website was redirected to a page on \"Anonymous India\" on a social networking site.Trinamool cyber experts took screen shots of the post, which were used by party state president Subrata Bakshi to lodge a complaint.Abhishek Banerjee , president of the All India Trinamool Yuva, who looks after the party's cyber intiatives, said: \"Trinamool has the strongest cyber presence among all political parties in India. This was a clear attempt to play mischief which was detected immediately and prompt action was taken. Our website has adequate firewalls.\" The entire website was not defaced, said a leader. \"It was a single post inserted by bypassing the website administrator's access,\" said a cyber team member. The website was restored by 9.30pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15499992", "title": "Soon, an end to daily jabs for diabetics", "text": "LONDON: Scientists claim to have developed a new technology which could free diabetics , cancer and HIV patients from daily and painful routine injections by releasing the required drug dosage over six months.Researchers from the University of Cambridge have developed injectable, reformable and spreadable hydrogels which can be loaded with proteins or other therapeutics and can last a maximum of six month.The hydrogels contain up to 99.7% water by weight, with the remainder primarily made up of cellulose polymers held together with cucurbiturils. \"The hydrogels protect the proteins so that they remain bio-active for long periods, and allow the proteins to remain in their native state,\" says Oren Scherman, a chemist, who led the research.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15498518", "title": "PMC cancels several Independence Day programmes to mourn Vilasrao Deshmukh's death", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) has cancelled several programmes scheduled on Wednesday following the death of Union minister and former chief minister Vilasrao Deshmukh .Mayor Vaishali Bankar said, \"The PMC had organized various cultural and social programmes on the occasion of Independence Day. These stand cancelled. The civic body had planned a felicitation ceremony at Balgandharva Rangmandir on Wednesday morning for people who have made significant contributions to various fields. This, too, has also been cancelled.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15500425", "title": "Higher education to get a leg-up", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Tricity's higher education scene is all set to undergo a major overhaul.Senior officials of Planning Commission have prepared a blueprint for a higher education project that aims at merging and granting autonomous status to Chandigarh College of Architecture (CCA) and Government Arts College, Sector 10, creation of a new council for higher education and setting up of Kalpana Chawla Centre for Excellence in Aeronautical Engineering in Tricity, among others.The 10-year strategic plan for Chandigarh will now be deliberated upon by eminent educationists and senior officials of UT administration, Punjab and Haryana at a soon-to-be-held conclave that will be hosted by PEC University of Technology. The mission was kick started by advisor (higher education), Planning Commission, Pawan Kumar Aggarwal, a PEC alumnus of 1983 batch. \"Chandigarh has a lot of potential to emerge as a higher educational hub. Stakeholders must be willing to participate and feel excited about such projects, as only then these can be a success,\" Aggarwal said.\"Council for higher education in Chandigarh\" will take crucial decisions pertaining to higher educational institutes. It will ease the tedious and long-pending processes related to recruitment and sanction of posts in prominent colleges. Also, merging Panchkula and Mohali with Chandigarh to come up with a Tricity plan for higher education is being ideated. \"There is a dire need to plan for the future... for setting up an institute of international standards like Kalpana Chawla centre,\" said Ajoy Sharma, UT director, higher education. Colleges have expressed contentment over the ideas. \"Advancements like college turning into a research centre or introducing new courses and facilities will be a welcome step,\" said Pradeep Bhagat, principal of CCA.UT education secretary V K Singh said, \"We plan to merge technical institutions with higher education institutes. The emphasis will be on quality rather than setting up of more and more colleges.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15503259", "title": "Independence Day: No borders for celebrations", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Borders don't stop them from praying for peace and paying homage to the martyrs of Independence struggle. A few youngsters from India and Pakistan have decided to celebrate both the countries' Independence Day with programmes on each side of the border.So what unites Ramesh Yadav from Amristar and Shumail Zaidi from Karachi is praying for peace and celebrating each other's Independence Day. The bitter wounds of Partition have apparently healed for the young generation in both the countries as they flew kites, cooked meals, chalked out plans to hold iftaar parties at an orphanage and paid homage at Jallianwala Bagh on I-Day of each nation.It all started with a call given by Shumail Zaidi, a teacher and Pakistan's Youth Alliance leader based in Karachi, to celebrate the I-Day of both the countries in both the nations.Responding to the call, Ramesh Yadav, president of Folklore Research Academy Amritsar, also decided to organize programmes to celebrate the I-Day of Pakistan and India. \"On August 14 we paid homage at the site where our leaders had fought for the independence prior to the Partition. They were allied in ousting the British when there was no division between the two nations. We wish Pakistan peace and prosperity on their independence,\" he said.While Shumail is busy organizing programmes to celebrate Pakistan's I-Day on Tuesday, she has also arranged a few more events on Wednesday, India's I-Day. In Karachi, the Pakistan Youth Alliance will have an iftaar with orphans and physically-challenged children to mark the I-Day of India. A mock Indo-Pak tug-of-war contest, Antakshari and other games followed by prayers for peace will also be organized. \"All these events will be held at Karsaz Trust orphanage in Karachi. We will have cake cutting ceremony where there will be cakes with the Indian and Pakistani maps on them,\" Shumail said.While In India there was no resistance, Shumail had to convince her elders for this programme in Karachi. \"It was difficult to convince my grandparents. But after seeing that the Indians too share similar sentiments of peace and love for us, they have accepted my views,\" said Shumail.There are events organized by the virtual community also to wish each other on Independence Day. Swati Sharan in Toronto came up with the idea of a \"Pray for Peace between India and Pakistan\". \"I had put up online prayer for 30 seconds in your own style for peace between India and Pakistan in December last year. There was a huge response. So this year my online friends have started to commemorate these two days, wherever in the world you are, however you like - through prayer, meditation, flying a kite, hosting an event, making an artwork, cooking a meal - anything, as long as it's dedicated to peace between India and Pakistan,\" said Swati.The journal for Pakistan Medical Students organized a teleconferencing for volunteer editors on both the sides to take forward the idea of peace and cooperation in healthcare through medical research.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15498855", "title": "Corporation stops work at MGR-Janaki College in Adyar", "text": "CHENNAI: The Corporation of Chennai on Tuesday issued a \"stop work\" notice to Dr MGR-Janaki Arts and Science College for Women in Adyar as part of its crackdown on unauthorized construction in educational institutions.The college had begun construction of a two-storeyed building in the arts block without permission, said corporation officials. Confirming the notice, R Rajendran, a spokesman for the college, said: \"We stopped all construction activity and will submit a plan for approval within three days.\"A senior corporation official said there was often a huge difference between the existing building and the approved plan at many educational institutions. The violations related to minimum plot extent, frontage, floor space index, minimum road width, maximum height and parking space. \"We will soon issue notices and initiate actions against violators under the Tamil Nadu Town and Country Planning Act, 1971,\" he added.Mayor Saidai S Duraisamy had at the previous council meeting said all unauthorized construction and violations of building norms at private educational institutions would be identified.Officials, however, say they don't have enough manpower for the exercise. \"It's a difficult task as numerous private educational institutions, including arts colleges, dental colleges and schools, which have violated building norms,\" said an official.Students associations said security should not be compromised. \"Most educational institutions don't have adequate safety measures and are violating building rules. Civic agencies should conduct surprise inspections and strict action should be taken against the violators,\" said Students Federation of India state president KS Kanagaraj.The corporation issues building approvals, however planning permission of the institutional buildings are being given by the Chennai Metropolitan Development Authority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15499679", "title": "Auto fares hiked in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: The transport department on Tuesday revised minimum auto fare from Rs 14 to Rs 16 and per kilometre fare from Rs 8 to Rs 9. The new fare will come into effect from August 20.Joint transport commissioner J Panduranga Rao told TOI that the minimum fare had been revised from the existing Rs 14 to Rs 16, while the charges for subsequent travel was hiked from the existing Rs 8 per kilometre to Rs 9 per kilometre. However, some auto unions expressed their dissatisfaction by describing the hike as \"minimal\".\"On August 17, trade unions BMS, TNTUC, INTUC, AP Auto Drivers Samkya and a few other unions will hold a meeting and take a decision about the future course of action,'' AP Auto Dirivers Samaikya general secretary A Sathi Reddy said.However, representatives of CITU, IFTU, AITUC expressed satisfaction over the fare revision. Earlier in the day, transport minister Botsa Satyanarayana, transport commissioner Sanjay Kumar and other officials held talks with trade unions over the fare issue.The transport officials also decided to give tax exemption for five years for autos plying with CNG. Satyanarayana assured the unions that establishment of welfare board for auto drivers would be examined in coordination with the labour department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15503982", "title": "Distraught parents move consumer commission against Chandigarh Transport Undertaking, PGIMER", "text": "CHANDIGARH: D istraught parents of Anupama, the girl who met a tragic end at the hands of Postgraduate Institute of Medical Education and Research (PGIMER) doctors, have filed a complaint against the PGIMER doctors and Chandigarh Transport Undertaking (CTU), before the UT state consumer disputes redressal commission, Chandigarh.The only daughter of the complainants, Anupama, a Class XI student, had met with an accident on July 17. Her leg was crushed under a CTU bus and she died on July 24 at the PGIMER, due to medical negligence.Pankaj Chandgothia, consumer activist and advocate, who has filed the case on behalf of Anupama's parents, said, \"Anupama was injured due to rash and negligent driving of the CTU bus. She was a consumer of the CTU, having a bus-pass, and she was traveling on the said bus to go to her home from the school in the afternoon. However, due to rash driving by the bus-driver and the absence of a conductor in the bus, the deceased fell down from the bus and her left leg was crushed under the rear tyre.\"\"She was taken to the advanced trauma centre of PGIMER where her left leg was bandaged but the Bandaging was done in the most incompetent manner that blood kept oozing out. Doctors and nurses on duty kept on putting off the complainants on one pretext or the other. They said that they had better work to do,\" he added.The petitioner has contended that deceased belonged to a poor family and the present case is a case of gross medical negligence on the part of PGIMER and its concerned doctors. A young and bright student, who was a matriculate with over 70% marks, fell prey to the apathy and lack of medical care at PGI.They have demanded that the errant doctors and CTU should be penalized and Rs 1 lakh should be reimbursement of medical and other expenses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15499755", "title": "Deccan Chronicle Holdings Ltd promoters owe lenders over Rs 3,200 crore", "text": "HYDERABAD: It's official now. The promoters of troubled Deccan Chronicle Holdings Ltd (DCHL) have outstanding dues of well over Rs 3,270 crore that they owe to 28 banks, financial institutions and non-banking financial institutions, according to details that emerged at a joint meeting of DCHL lenders held in Mumbai on August 8 last week. This even as the company's scrip continued its downward journey, hitting yet another lifetime low of Rs 10.55 a share on the Bombay Stock Exchange on Tuesday.These outstanding dues are understood to be by way of term loans, commercial papers and non-convertible debentures ranging from Rs 490 crore to Rs 10 crore. The meeting, which was chaired by Axis Bank president Sidharth Rath, is learnt to have been attended by representatives of IDFC, ICICI Bank, LIC, Yes Bank, Central Bank of India, Tata Capital , HDFC Bank, IFCI and Ratnakar Bank.According to sources, DCHL lenders are mulling the possibility of forming a four to five-member committee of senior lenders, based on outstanding dues, to represent their interest and negotiate the recovery of their dues. The lenders are also planning to hold a meeting with DCHL promoters and Religare representatives in a bid to pressure them to share updates on the sale of assets of DCHL and Deccan Chargers.According to sources, worried over the default on principal and interest repayments, the lenders discussed various options to recover their dues.These include unlocking the value of Deccan Chargers and DCHL brands and selling off their assets before their value deteriorates further, private placement of pledged shares, approaching the ministry of finance or Company Law Board for a change in management of DCHL, and actions for change of management of DCHL through the Securitisation and Reconstruction of Financial Assets and Enforcement of Security Interest Act (SARFAESI). Some lenders are also understood to have mooted appointment of a forensic agency to conduct an audit and detect possible fraud or siphoning of funds within DCHL or hiring of a private detective agency to report on the personal assets of DCHL promoters.DCHL promoters to sell assets?The lenders are also learnt to be exploring the possibility of sharing details of collaterals and taking a joint decision for sale of the collateral apart from asking DCHL promoters to sell their unencumbered assets/collaterals on behalf of banks and then utilize the sales proceeds to recover dues on a pre-agreed sharing ratio basis.From the discussions held at the meeting, it is also learnt that while some banks and DCHL promoters have already approached various media groups with offers to purchase the assets of DCHL, a prompt decision for acquisition was unlikely as these media groups were interested in unencumbered assets and may get DCHL assets at a much lesser value with the passage of time.The lenders are also understood to have discussed the puzzle of the number of pledged DCHL shares outnumbering the actual number of shares held by promoters. According to the lenders, while 5 crore DCHL shares were pledged with IDFC, ICICI Bank was pledged 6 crore shares, Religare 3 crore shares and India Bulls another 85 lakh shares over and above the 11.28 crore shares pledged with Future Capital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15503781", "title": "Anjana Singh's two films release today", "text": "It's time for double celebration for Anjana Singh, the sensational Bhojpuri actress. Anjana's two films simultaneously released in Bihar and Mumbai today.Anjana's Ek Bihari Sau Pe Bhari , opposite Dinesh Lal Yadav Nirahua, hit the Bihar theatres today. Anjana is portraying a Bengali girl in the film.The other film Dil Le Gail Odhania Wali , directed by Jagdish Sharma released in Mumbai. Already releaesed in Bihar, Dil Le Gail Odhania Wali did well on Box office here. Now the film has been released in Mumbai and it is catching Bhojpuri cinema lover's eye.Source: bhojpuritrade.blogspot.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "15498191", "title": "Raut happy with Amravati's NREGS performance", "text": "AMRAVATI: \"The Amravati division has improved its performance in the National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme as compared to last year. This year, the division has been given a target of Rs175 crore and I am sure district collectors will exceed it,\" said employment guarantee scheme minister Nitin Raut.He was addressing a press conference on Tuesday. Raut was in the city to take stock of the employment guarantee scheme in Amravati division. The collectors of all five districts in the division were present. Addressing media persons after the meeting, Raut said he had instructed officials that it was important to implement the scheme effectively to improve the standard of living of the farmers and strengthen their financial condition. \"I asked officials about the problems they encounter while implementing the scheme. Various issues like training camps, incomplete work and participation of peoples representatives in the scheme were discussed during the meeting,\" he said.He said he had instructed the divisional commissioner to conduct review meetings regularly and that such meetings should be held at gram panchayat level as well. Asked about delayed payments to NREGS workers, he said some musters were incomplete due to which people did not get payment on time. But this will not happen again, he assured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "15502690", "title": "Four injured in bomb blasts during I-Day celebrations in Manipur", "text": "IMPHAL: Four persons were injured when a series of bombs exploded in Manipur during Independence Day celebrations on Wednesday.Official sources said the first explosion was reported from interior Thoubal district at a fair ground, near the district headquarters, at around 8am while arrangements were being made to celebrate the occasion.Four persons, identified as Y Manao Singh (52), Sanabanta Das (22), Akoijam Ongbi Sanajaobi Devi (55) and Ningombam Manisam Devi (65) were injured and taken to a nearby district hospital.Their condition was stated to be critical, the sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15500504", "title": "Satish Sharma awarded President's Police Medal", "text": "VADODARA: City police commissioner Satish Sharma has been awarded President's Police Medal for distinguished services. Sharma is a 1986 batch IPS officer and has served in several cities of Gujarat in different positions. He has worked as superintendent of police (SP) at Valsad, Rajkot and Banaskantha districts. Later, he was posted as deputy commissioner of police (DCP) in Vadodara twice and then he served as joint director at Anti-Corruption Bureau ( ACB). Sharma was also posted as additional police commissioner and joint commissioner of police in Ahmedabad. He was posted as police commissioner in Vadodara in June last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15499480", "title": "New mobile radiation norms from Sept 1", "text": "NEW DELHI: India is all set to clamp down on excessive radiation emanating from cellphone handsets and towers. According to the new radiation norms coming into effect from September 1, the radio frequency (RF) exposure limits are to be lowered to 1/10th of the existing level.It will also become mandatory for the specific absorption level (SAR) \u2014 the rate at which RF energy is absorbed by the body \u2014 to be embossed and displayed on the mobile handset by the manufacturer. SAR level for mobile handsets will also be restricted to 1.6 watt/kg, averaged over a mass of 1 gram of human tissue. Mobile handsets manufactured and sold in India or imported will now be checked for SAR limit compliance.The government is also making amendments in the Indian Telegraph Act, 1885 to ensure mobile handsets satisfying radiation standards will be permitted for import/manufacture or sale in India.Minister of state for communications and IT Sachin Pilot said, \"Necessary changes in the design and packaging for compliance with this instruction will have to be in place on or before September 1. More stringent self-certification will become mandatory for every tower and mobile handset.\"He added, \"The ministry will conduct random checks for RF exposure. Violation of radiation limits or non-certification will entail a fine of Rs 5 lakh per tower.\"The new norms stipulate the manufacturer's mobile handset booklet to ask consumers to use a wireless hands-free system with a low power bluetooth emitter to reduce radiation to the head. It will also instruct buyers \"when buying a cellphone, make sure it has a low SAR\".The booklet will also have to instruct the consumer to either keep their phone calls short or send a text message (SMS), the advice specially applying to children, adolescents and pregnant women.Manufacturers will also have to instruct people with medical implants like pacemakers not to keep their mobile phones on their shirt pockets and to keep them at least 30 cm away from the implant.Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad said on Tuesday, \"Many countries have developed their own health-based precautionary guidelines where the exposure limit of these radiations is very low. As per the inter-ministerial committee on EMF radiation, the RF level has been revised in India to 1/10th of the existing prescribed base station emission level.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15503120", "title": "TCS expands goIT programme for students in US", "text": "WASHINGTON: The software giant Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) is expanding its 'goIT' summer camp for American students, which was first started four years.TCS's annual goIT programme for students is designed to foster high school students' interest in pursuing a career in Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics (STEM).Since its beginning four years ago in Cincinnati , Ohio , the goIT programme has reached over 2,000 students across numerous districts through in-school workshops and its summer camp. It is now being expanded to Midland, Michigan, TCS said.\"The ultimate goal of our reinvention of Michigan is to provide employers and employees with opportunities for success in the new economy, Michigan 3.0,\" Michigan Governor Rick Snyder welcoming the TCS programme in its state.\"TCS has made a real investment in our young people and in our community through the innovative program, goIT. I look forward to its success in encouraging more students to pursue STEM careers,\" he said.At TCS, we know firsthand that to succeed in tomorrow's workforce, students across America must have a solid foundation in STEM and be fluent in the technologies that will power the global economy of the 21st century, said Surya Kant, President, TCS North America , UK and Europe.\"That is why we are so proud to expand the goIT programme into new regions of the country and extend its benefits to more students and inspire them to discover their potential to be leaders in science and technology,\" he said.Free for all students, TCS's goIT programme provides in-school IT career and awareness workshops, and hands-on technology education.Throughout the school year, over 40 TCS volunteers conducted workshops and other training to introduce students to 'cutting-edge' technologies and provide IT career education. The topics covered include basic programming lessons and technology hot-topics such as Web 2.0, social media and mobile technology.During the summer camp, students participate in a series of analytical and interactive challenges surrounding the IT industry and specific computer science problems.The highlight of the camp is a robotics competition in which student teams program robots under the guidance of TCS mentors and then compete in a series of challenges, such as obstacle courses and automation activities. At the end of the summer camp, students are recognised for their achievements at a Parent-Student award ceremony.In the coming years, TCS plans to expand goIT programme's reach to more high school students throughout the US.Recent statistics show that over the past decade, university enrolment in STEM-related fields has decreased by over 60 per cent in the US, while in 2012 alone over 150,000 tech jobs are projected to be available leading to roughly 2.5 jobs available for every IT graduate in the US.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15498671", "title": "Now Shivpal Yadav threatens to put journalists behind bars", "text": "LUCKNOW: Facing flak for his \"steal a little\" remark, senior Samajwadi Party minister Shivpal Yadav on Tuesday threatened to get arrested journalists who were blowing his statements out of proportion. The minister's threat has left the mediapersons angry who termed it as a direct attack on the freedom of press.However those defending the minister said the media was quoting Shivpal's reactions out of context.The incident occurred in Etah on Tuesday when Shivpal Yadav came out from a meeting on the development schemes being carried out in the district. As the minister stepped out of the meeting hall, some reporters sought his comments on the meeting.An uncomfortable Shivpal then told officials accompanying him to confirm from the information officer if the media had been invited for the briefing.When the reporters told him there was no such invitation, the said, \"P ehle to tum log bina bulaye aa jaate ho aur phir baat ka batangar bana dete ho (First you come uninvited and then make a mountain of a mole hill).\" Responding to it, a TV journalist quipped : \"Kuch to bol dijiye, us batangar ke bare mein hi sahi humko kuch to dikhana hai \" (Say something at least, we have to show something).Pointing towards the microphones, Shivpal said: \" Yeh mat lagaya karo, Jab bulaya Karen tab aaya karo ... yeh mat lagao karo warna band kara doonga \". (Don't shove this ... come only when you are invited ... don't shove this otherwise I'll get you arrested).Shivpal's open threat to the media can invite action under Section 506 of the Indian Penal Code which deals with threat and the fundamental right of speech and expression which provides space to the media as well.The minister came under severe criticism recently when he told officials that they could steal a little if they performed their duties well.The statement had left the Samajwadi Party embarrassed and a fluttered Shivpal had blamed the media for quoting him out of context.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15499252", "title": "Heavy rain floods subway near Chennai Central", "text": "CHENNAI: The pedestrian subway in front of Chennai Central, one of the busiest in the city, was flooded on Tuesday after heavy rain on Monday night. The few commuters who got into the subway were forced to wade through knee-deep water.A motor pump was used to drain the water but the subway remained flooded till late in the evening, making the surface slippery and dangerous to walk.The number of commuters crossing the road increased as very few used the subway because the water was dirty and stinking. S Gurumurthy, 60, who was going to Andhra Pradesh , said: \"I had to wait for almost 20 minutes before I could cross the road. Old people like us can slip and fall in the subway.\" Sri Kumar, a fruit vendor, said, \"This is nothing new. Every time it rains heavily, the subway gets flooded.\"In the evening, when people were rushing to Chennai Central to board suburban services and other trains, not a single policeman was in the vicinity of the subway to assist the harried commuters. Naveen, who had to catch a train to Kolkata, said: \"I could not cross the subway as I was wearing shoes. Dragging my luggage, I somehow managed to cross the road.\"A senior highways department official said, \"Every subway has a motor to deal with such situations. The most likely cause of flooding must have been the failure of the motor. Efforts to drain out the water have been on since morning and we hope to complete it by night.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15497905", "title": "Arvind Kejriwal slams parties 'fighting graft' with Ramdev", "text": "GUWAHATI: Ruling out any differences with Baba Ramdev, former core-committee member of Team Anna, Arvind Kejriwal , raised a question mark over the credibility of the political parties that have taken it upon them to fight corruption along with the yoga exponent.\"The issue of black money and corruption that has been raised by Baba Ramdev is significant, but the political parties that have joined hands with him (Ramdev) are not acceptable,\" Kejriwal told reporters here on Tuesday.Though he did not pointed fingers towards any political party, he said that the genuine willingness of these parties to fight corruption is doubtful. \"The same political parties that have come together with Baba Ramdev to fight corruption did not pass the Lokpal Bill in Parliament earlier when they could have done it,\" said Kejriwal.\"We have earlier seen the keenness of these political parties, who are today expressing solidarity with Baba Ramdev to eradicate corruption, to pass the Lokpal Bill,\" he said.He also took part in a closed door meeting with the Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti (KMSS) here on Tuesday to discuss the role of the peasant organisation in the proposed political party to be floated by Anna Hazare .Later, Kejriwal said that the KMSS and its leader, Akhil Gogoi, are enthusiastic about intensifying the India Against Corruption's ( IAC) movement to stamp out corruption, but will not be a part of the proposed political party.\"We need Akhil's experience in organizing the masses and identifying the issues to be raised by us. Since he told us that in principle, KMSS can not take part in the electoral process, he will be a special invitee member in our preparatory committee. Later, Akhil will be a special invitee member in our movement (proposed political party) and will assist us in preparing our agenda and programme,\" Kejriwal added.He said it has become necessary to take part in politics in order to make India a better place where people can live with peace and harmony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "15497625", "title": "4 nabbed with weapons in Daltonganj", "text": "DALTONGANJ: The district police on Tuesday arrested four people travelling in an autorickshaw and recovered two country-made weapons from their possession.Palamu DSP S Singh said the four were coming to Daltonganj to catch a train to Toree. They had planned to loot a corporate company at Chandwa.The police said that the main culprit, been identified as Jabbar Ansari, had a tiff with his maternal uncle who worked in that company. \"He wanted to take revenge and hatched a plan to loot the cash from his uncle,\" said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15505257", "title": "Vindhyavasini honoured on Independence Day", "text": "RANCHI: India's kabbadi player Vindhyavasini was honoured by the Bokaro district administration on Wednesday, a day after she pleaded for a job to lead a dignified life.\"Bokaro Deputy Commissioner Sunil Kumar invited me for Independence Day celebrations and honoured me with a memento,\" the player, who was one of the architects of country's victory in the final of the first Women's World Cup Kabaddi Championship, said over phone.She also said a private firm called her up and enquired about her bio-data.\"So far no government functionary has directly called me,\" she said when asked whether anyone approached her after Chief Minister Arjun Munda reportedly issued directions to get her details.The 23-year-old, who hails from Bokaro, had yesterday said she looked up to the Jharkhand government to provide her a job so that she could make a decent living.She was one of the members of the Indian team that won the World Cup after defeating Iran 25-19 in the final played in Patna on March 4 this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15500456", "title": "Students for safe food on campus", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Student unions of Panjab University and colleges of Chandigarh pledged support to a movement for 'safe food on campus'.Indian National Students Organization (INSO) and Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) led by a socio-cultural organization Kheti Virasat Mission launched the awareness campaign on Tuesday. \"Even as it's a basic right to have safe food but uncontrolled chemical use in farming has made our food toxic causing various forms of cancers,\" said Anil Ghanghas, president, INSO Chandigarh unit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15499068", "title": "Will back Anna and Ramdev: General V K Singh", "text": "JAIPUR: Former Army chief General VK Singh on Tuesday said he backed both Anna Hazare and Baba Ramdev as he saw no difference between the agitations of the two social activists. \"Anna is creating awareness among the masses by raising the issue of corruption, while Ramdev is raising the issue of black money stashed in foreign banks. Both are important issues and I am with anyone who works for the welfare of the country,\" Singh said.The former Army chief supported Anna's demand for people getting the right to recall their elected representatives so that only honest politicians get to occupy positions in the government. He did not rule out even joining politics in the future.\"If the right to recall demanded by Anna is brought, several politicians in the country would begin to fear losing their seats as most of them work only during the elections. They forget things later on,\" said Singh, while speaking to reporters during his visit to the city on the invitation of a Rajput organisation.In response to a question whether he would join politics if a non-Congress non-BJP third political front were created, Singh replied, \"Who knows about the future.\"He expressed concern over the rising number of suicides in the Armed forces and the professional difficulties faced by soldiers post retirement. Singh said he would be touring the country highlighting the soldiers' issues. \"The Centre alone cannot provide relief to former Army personnel; the state governments, too, have to do their bits,\" he said. The former Army chief 8emphasised it was 8disturbing that suicides by soldiers on peace postings were on the rise.On corruption in the Armed forces, Singh said, \"During my tenure I said we needed to focus the Armed Forces' internal health. (Corruption) Cases keep surfacing every now and then and you all know this. I tried to improve certain things and now wish that the improvements would continue to happen.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15497778", "title": "'Mahabharata managment mantras can revive failing Western biz'", "text": "RANCHI: The West, which found in the last century adopted yoga, meditation and other practices for better seek spiritual health, must now apply management techniques from Indian epics, experts said, adding that with Western management practices failing to prop up their empires, management practices used in Mahabharata can come in handy. For corporate success, Mahabharata clearly stresses on the need of being aware of the dynamics of the market. \"If a strategist is not aware of the market dynamics, he would meet the same fate as Abhimanyu,\" said Lalit Arora of a private institute while presenting his papers \"Strategic Management Lessons from the Mahabharata\".At Indian Institute of Management, Ranchi's two-day international conference, experts presented their papers on the topic 'Management in the New World Order'. The papers analyze the moves of both the Pandavas and Kauravas to explain where strategic management fails and how business management can be made more effective.The epic has a suggestion for all organisations: Chart clear plans on how to advance in an uncertain future. This basic mantra can make an organization endure difficult times. The Kauravas did not have clear-cut plans and that is what resulted in their defeat. Competitive pressure forced the mission of the Kauravas and the only purpose of their lives was defeating the Pandavas.Another professional, Shamika Kumar, who also presented the same paper, said: \"The strategic analysis can be a key strength for any organisation. It proved to be the strength of the Pandavas, while the Kauravas always found it difficult to scrutinize the possible impediments to achieving the synergy or competitive advantage.\" Appropriate authority and coordination are another key to success. \"It was the lack of co-ordination and appropriate authority which made Kauravas dysfunctional throughout war,\" the paper read.In Mahabharata, the Pandavas were quick to spot the competitor's intentions. \"Because of this ability, they were able to plan and make a tunnel below the lac palace, which was set ablaze with an intention to kill them,\" said Kumar. In the new world order, where competition is cutthroat, playing Pandavas can help. \"An organisation must be quick to observe its competitors' strategic moves,\" read the paper.The Pandavas always sought to achieve organisational goals. \"Professionals engaged in managing businesses in the changing world order should not be dedicated to achieving individual goals, but also organizational targets,\" the papers read. It warned that the Kauravas used to focus on individual goals.Mahabharata says that it is knowledge and information that make an organisation successful. IIM Ranchi director M J Xavier said, \"Indian culture is showing the way to the West. Now it is the time for Indian ancient business practices, its epics and ethos to help the world deal with economic woes. Lessons from Mahabharata and ancient Indian wisdom can revive falling biz empires.\"The event concluded on Tuesday. Prithviraj Chattopadhyay of Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, in his keynote address, said, \"Unlike China, India does not get more of its research work published, have a lot of seminars where ideas are conceptualized and discussed. Indians are not doing as well as they should. I am happy to see such an initiative in Ranchi.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "15503423", "title": "Kite-maker on Indo-Pak post who 'flies' national heroes", "text": "AMRITSAR: On the famous National Highway 1, just short of a few kilometres from the Indo-Pak border, a 46-year-old man is pasting an assortment of \u2014 loin-cloth donning Gandhi, moustache-twirling Chandrashekhar Azad and \u2014 on some colourful Chinese papers.Dozens of mini-caricatures of India's other freedom fighters suspend from nails hammered on the walls of his small house. Deftly using his hands on the tool box containing saw, knives, a pair of scissors, homemade gum, he snips the papers and slices bamboo strips.The volume dial on the tape-recorder next to him is then twisted towards the maximum, blaring out jingoistic songs. \"The kites are ready. Let our national heroes fly forever in the skies,\" he rejoices.For the past 34 years, Jagmohan Kanojia has quietly turned his nationalism into a regular kite making, attracting gaze from both Indian and foreign tourists flocking to Attari to see the retreat ceremony.\"Once a Pakistan man made an 8-feet tall kite during Lahore Basant festival, questioning India's kite-making abilities. I got shaken and made a 10-feet tall kite. The competition continued for a few years until I became the kite maker,\" says the 48-year-old artist.Despite what prompted his profession, his kites have dealt with the theme of one nation, freedom fighters, corruption, inflation, economic crisis and anti-nuclear campaigns.Whenever the two countries have made attempts for a peace process, he has made kites showing the flags and maps of two nations as one and sell them near the border.\"I even travelled on the inaugural Samjhauta Express, taking the message of unity,\" he says.The kites come in different sizes and colours ranging from miniature ones at 2-inches to those as big as 10 feet. Nearly all of them are supplied in plenty to the enthusiasts on Independence Day, Baisakhi and Lohri, earning him just Re 1 per piece.Over the years, however, the high-cost of Indian kite paper has forced him to shift to the cheap Chinese ones.\"Look at the irony for kite makers. The Chinese paper comes for Rs 70 while the Indian one costs Rs 180. Why can't the governments do something for us artists,\" he questions.It was only this year in January when Kanojia finally scraped to get an identity card from the ministry of textiles, recognizing him as an artist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15498122", "title": "As family goes missing, police look at Nepal", "text": "NEW DELHI: With former Haryana minister Gopal Goyal Kanda remaining untraceable despite repeated raids at his many properties, police are beginning to worry about the possibility of his fleeing across the border to Nepal. Kanda's lawyers, however, assured the Delhi high court on Tuesday that he was not absconding and would be available for questioning if there was no imminent threat of arrest.Police had got a lookout circular issued against Kanda, accused of driving his former employee Geetika Sharma to suicide, on receiving inputs about his trying to escape to Nepal or Dubai. While all airports have been alerted to detain him, the Nepal land border is highly porous so crossing over would be easy.A source said police were trying to find out whether Kanda had taken the Bihar-Bengal road route and crossed the border on a weeklong permit called 'bhansar'. Kanda's family is also suspected to be with him.The source said Kanda's likely route in the event of a border crossing would be via Siliguri, where his in-laws live, and then through Jogbani to Nepal.TOI tried contacting Kanda and his brother Govind on their mobile numbers but these were 'not reachable' on Tuesday. The two were available on these numbers till August 8.Police said they had planned a series of raids for late Tuesday night. Till now, more than 100 places have been raided and around 60 people have been picked up for questioning. Attempts were also made to detain Kanda's brother and wife but all of them were found missing.As the team sent to Goa to locate another woman named in Geetika's suicide note returned empty-handed, police suspect she, too, may have been told to go underground.Tuesday marked 10 days since Geetika's suicide, and a week since Kanda went underground. The high-profile Sirsa MLA's disappearance has raised serious questions on the intentions of the world's largest metropolitan police force. Meanwhile, as both police and Kanda continue to explore their legal possibilities, the cries of Geetika's kin for justice remain unanswered. The matter is expected to go to Supreme Court if the high court rejects Kanda's bail plea.Right from the beginning, the trajectory of this case has pointed at strong political pressure on Delhi Police. Their Haryana counterparts have been completely uncooperative. While police deny they are under pressure, Geetika's family is losing patience. \"What is it that is stopping the cops from arresting Kanda? Is he so powerful,\" asks a family member.The case seems to be taking a new turn with police finding it difficult to prove in court that Kanda 'instigated' Geetika to commit suicide. Sources say evidence to nail Kanda on charges of criminal intimidation and criminal conspiracy is strong but the instigation angle remains to be proved. On the day Geetika killed herself, a case of abetment to suicide (306 IPC) was registered with additional charges of criminal intimidation and criminal conspiracy (506/120B IPC).A police source said the claim by Kanda's lawyer that Geetika was 'jilted' and wanted a relationship disregarding Kanda's marriage doesn't hold given that they have found a thousand pages of text messages. It has also come to light that Kanda followed Geetika to Dubai and had gone out of his way to promote her at a very young age. He made her a director from an air-hostess in no time. She was also made to head two societies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15498991", "title": "Man grilled over threat to cops", "text": "MUMBAI: The Anti-Terrorism Squad is questioning Sanjaysingh Verma from Naupada in Bandra whose mobile number was used to threaten the Navi Mumbai police.The unidentified caller, posing as a Chhota Rajan gang member, on Monday called up the control room and asked the police to stop atrocities against Muslims and take action against those \"responsible for the killing of Muslims in the northeastern state of Assam \". The police are now probing if somebody used Verma's documents to procure a SIM card.-Mateen HafeezHe even threatened to plant bomb.The caller posed as a member of the underworld gang, Chhota Rajan. He had called up from a mobile number and told police that if the atrocities like what happened on Saturday is not stopped that he will plant bomb to retaliate. When inquired about the mobile number it turned out to be belonging to one Sanjaysingh Verma from Naupada in Bandra. The ATS summoned Verma for questioning. The police are verifying if someone he had called up the police or someone else used his documents to procure a SIM card.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15503195", "title": "Eye in the sky on first Independence Day", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Sixty-five years ago when a young flight lieutenant Randhir Singh was assigned the task to fly past over the Red Fort on fighter-bomber 'Tempest Aircraft' on the occasion of India's first Independence Day, he didn't think much about the importance of the occasion.But, recalling the experience, Randhir Singh, now a retired Air Marshal of the Indian Air Force, feels proud now.He said at the time of Independence, their squadron No-3 was based at Risalpura in Naushera near Peshawar but after declaration of independence, their squadron was shifted to Agra airbase. \"Few days prior to August 15, we were asked to shift our 12-aircraft fleet to Palam airbase near Delhi and were assigned to fly past on the morning of August 15, 1947 over the Red Fort,\" said Randhir. Their 12-aircrafts team was led by Group Captain Arjan Singh (Now Marshal of the Air Force) and he was flight commander.When asked about the changes that he has witnessed in the past 65 years, Randhir Singh said during their time there were no advanced radar technologies to aide the aircraft and a pilot had to observe and carry out the flight operations on his own but today all those actions can be performed blindfold.At that time, pilots were not able to fly so high because sometimes the aircraft used to lose their connection from ground. He further added that on August 14 evening, the team walked around the lawns of Red Fort to understand the area, which helped them while flying over it.\"I still remember, Jawahar Lal Nehru took the salute from the parade, we were not aware about the importance of the occasion at that time. It was a task and we completed it very well, that's all,\" Randhir Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15499478", "title": "Teachers threaten to go on strike", "text": "KANPUR: Teachers reacted sharply to the Monday's violence by students in DAV College where teachers were thrashed. Kanpur University Teachers Association (KUTA) expressed anger against the students who were part of the brawl and termed them as 'goonda elements'. The office-bearers of KUTA said that teachers would go on strike in nearly 600 colleges spread across 14 districts of the state affiliated to Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University (CSMU). DAV and DBS colleges have been closed indefinitely.DAV College principal Rekha Sharma is in Lucknow to meet chief minister Akhilesh Yadav .In a late night development on Monday, SP City Umesh Kumar Singh was suspended.On Tuesday, the teachers refrained from teaching. The teachers of PPN and other colleges did not enter the classrooms. They want rowdy elements to be arrested. The teachers also condemned the SP leaders, including Amitabh Bajpai, who provoked students to attack them and damage their vehicles. The KUTA members have demanded expulsion of Amitabh Bajpai from SP. He is the national president of youth wing of Samajwadi Party and said to have triggered the ruckus.After the ruckus on Monday, the Kotwali police took Vipin Shukla, former student leader, Ankur Shukla, contesting elections for president in the students union and a private security personnel CB Singh to the police station.The SP city called six professors of the DAV College to settle the matter. Samajwadi Party leader Amitabh Bajpai also reached Kotwali police station and supported the students.The students assaulted the teachers and started throwing stones, damaging vehicles of the professors. They also clashed with the police. The police resorted to lathicharge to disperse the students. The situation came under control when DIG Amitabh Yash held talks with SP leaders and assured them of prompt action. Later, SP city Umesh Kumar Singh was suspended.Senior vice-president of KUTA BD Pandey said that the teachers remained away from work and there was no teaching in many degree colleges.\"If prompt and severe action is not taken by district administration against the Goonda elements, they will be forced to go on indefinite strike. Tomorrow we will be holding a meeting and decide further course of action,\" Pandey added. He said that the degree college teachers will assist in student union elections only when the Lyngdoh committee recommendations are strictly followed.Meanwhile, the Communist Party of India (CPI) has condemned the attack on teachers by the students. Akhil Bhartiya Vidyarthi Parishad has also come in support of teachers condemned the act of the students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15505610", "title": "Sukhbir Badal makes high promises on I-Day eve", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Independence day saw the deputy chief minister of Punjab, Sukhbir Badal make high promises to the people of the state after unfurling the tricolor at Mohali.Stressing upon the need for easy connectivity of Punjab with the rest of the country, Badal said that award for construction of Mohali airport has been given to Larson &amp; Tubro, a multinational company and airport terminal would be ready with in 16 months. He said that Punjab government had already acquired land for expansion of Ludhiana airport and latest state-of-art night landing instrumentation have been already installed at airport.He said that with the expansion of Ludhiana airport Boeing-320 planes could be able to land at Ludhiana airport. He said that domestic flights from Bathinda airport would start next month and Punjab government has already approached Union government to allow civil flights from Adampur Army Airport. Badal said that with the completion of all these airports, Punjab will be the only state in the country that will have international airports at the distance of every 60 kms.The deputy chief minister inspected the parade and took salute from an impressive march past led by Parade Commander Mr Kuldeep Singh Chahal, ASP and comprising of contingents of Punjab police, Punjab armed battalions, home guards and NCC cadets. On this occasion, a colorful variety show presented by various schools mesmerized the audience. 16 freedom fighters were honored. He also honored 19 personalities for their significant contribution in different fields besides 10 meritorious students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15502530", "title": "TCS, Google, Cognizant, IBM, Genpact &amp; Accenture profile employees to map generation gap", "text": "BANGALORE: The 49-year-old, Gurgaon-based CEO of a software product company was in for a rude shock some months ago when one of his young employees peeped into his spacious cabin with a beaming smile and said: \"Hey, your cabin's goddamn big... What fun man!\" The irritated chief executive instantly summoned a senior hand, a 52-year-old, to check on what could be done about the cheeky geek. The senior executive told the CEO, \"We have an army of such guys, how many can you reprimand? It's their style.\"With the world around us changing ever more rapidly, the generation gap is quickly shrinking, falling from 20 to 10 years. Some now categorize a generation as no more than eight to six years. And within companies, this rising generational diversity is often resulting in growing disconnect and disharmony.The generational diversity is highest in the IT/BPO sector, where almost 80% of the knowledge workforce is under the age of 30. The younger employees come from a technologically advanced, economically empowered and socially forward background. They are fast, casual, and hands-on, while their senior counterparts tend to be bureaucratic, traditional, slow and reluctant to change. \"That's where the lack of understanding, disconnect and conflict happens among different generations,\" says Saundarya Rajesh, founder, president of Avtar Career Creators, a firm that specializes in the area of diversity and inclusion.To bridge the generational gap and to manage possible discord among the different age groups some technology firms -- including IBM, Accenture, Google, Genpact, Cognizant , and TCS -- are now profiling their demographics to understand the strengths and weakness of each generation. With companies having people of diverse ages, there is often disconnect in terms of lingo, culture, body language and work discipline. The challenge therefore is to generate strengths from this generational combination.Navin Kumar, founder of iPrimed Education Solutions, says generational diversity is now beginning to get into the agenda of corporates. Gen-Y, he says, is driven by a culture of instant gratification and they are more individualistic as well as informal, whereas Gen-X and Gen-E (mostly the bosses of Gen-Y) are more conservative and formal and family-oriented. The older generations focus more on loyalty. Gen-Y is addicted to the social media and they don't fear failure compared to their older generations. Gen-Y thinks their seniors are aloof and disengaged, while older employees think Gen-Y is in too much of a rush. \"Such conflicts result in loss of productivity, and morale dips across generations,\" says Kumar.IBM for instance is taking keen interest in generational diversity. \"Employees go through several learning and sensitization programmes with real life scenarios to help employees understand and respect the thinking of others. A constant reinforcement through different means such as mailers, posters, manager discussions is also done to ensure a healthy work environment,\" says Kalpana Veeraraghavan, diversity manager, IBM. Results of the demographic study in certain companies have started flowing in. CGI India, the Indian operations of a Canadian software services firm, has already done a generational profiling and a culture study for around 34,000 employees.\"Knowing what each generation values at both the individual and organization scale provided a breakthrough. The study revealed that lack of management of generational diversity resulted in four types of losses: Communication, cooperation, control and creativity losses,\" says Puja Kohli, senior manager (human resources), CGI, who undertook the study.Some companies, meanwhile, are trying to bridge the generation gap by focusing on building an open culture, leveraging social media and sensitizing managers on working with younger generations. \"A 360-degree feedback process that runs on the social media network serves as a tool for companies to get inputs from the younger workforce and help to break down barriers,\" says Sangeeta Gupta, VP of IT industry body Nasscom.In line with the learnings, some companies are taking it forward and working towards what is called generational competitiveness, which includes mentoring and story telling by the older generations, and reverse mentoring and sharing social media tips by Gen-Y.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15500108", "title": "Bail terms relaxed, Yeddyurappa to go on tour", "text": "BANGALORE: The high court on Tuesday relaxed the bail conditions of former CM BS Yeddyurappa and his kin in a CBI case, allowing them to travel anywhere. But it said that they should be available for investigation whenever the agency asks them to do so.On June 21, while granting anticipatory bail, the court had asked them not to leave Bangalore without CBI permission. After the verdict, Yeddyurappa is said to have called top party leaders to brief them about the development and seek permission to go on his intended statewide tour. Yeddyurappa said the tour will be conducted under the party banner. He has twin objectives. First, he wants to gauge the mood of people whether they will accept him in the event he quits the BJP and floats a regional outfit. The other motive is to pressurize leaders into considering him for the state party president's post.Plea in support of made snanaSeveral organizations jointly filed an interlocutory application before the high court on Tuesday seeking to implead themselves in the PIL opposing the practice of 'made snana' in Kukke Subramanya shrine, Dakshina Kannada district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15500063", "title": "Pregnant victim of bike mishap thrashed by 4 in public, loses baby", "text": "Mumbai: A 35-year-old woman suffered a miscarriage after being kicked and thrashed by four members of a family, including two women, in full public view on a busy road in Kurla (W). The victim, Vidya Pednekar, a nurse, cried for help but none of the onlookers came to her assistance, said the police.The woman was assaulted after she rebuked one of the accused when his motorcycle hit her.Based on the descriptions provided by Pednekar, the police arrested Kurla resident Rahul Satpute (23) on Tuesday. They are looking for the three other accused-Satpute's mother Rajeshwari (40), sister Shraddha (18) and cousin Pappu Kanade (20)-who fled after the incident.Investigators said they learned from the victim that she had conceived six years into her marriage after opting for a test tube baby. On Tuesday, TOI tried to contact Pednekar, but her mobile was switched off. She is recuperating at Bhabha Hospital in Kurla (W), where she works. The incident occurred at Tanaji Chowk between 11am and 11.30am on August 10.Vidya Pednekar was on her way to work when a bike hit her from behind. While Rahul Satpute was riding the bike, his mother and sister were sitting pillion. \"I was in pain and shouted at the biker for rash driving. Suddenly, the two women charged at me and started hitting me. Worse, the youth kicked me in my stomach after parking his motorcycle,\" Pednekar said in her complaint.The assault did not stop there. As Pednekar fell on the road, Rahul's cousin Pappu Kanade-who was passing by--joined the Satputes and the four kept hitting her. \"According to eyewitnesses, the accused left the spot only after they felt they had thrashed her enough,\" said a Kurla police officer.Sleuths said there were several passersby but nobody went forward to help Pednekar , whose ordeal continued for almost half an hour. \"The locals watched her getting beaten up by Satpute and his three family members in the middle of the road,\" deputy commissioner of police (Zone V) Dhananjay Kulkarni told TOI. Sources said the accused reportedly warned the onlookers against intervening.The locals then called up the police who rushed Pednekar to Bhabha Hospital. \"The victim knew the accused as she used to live in Sambhaji Nagar, Kurla (W), a few years ago before relocating to Sonapur Lane in Tanaji Nagar. As the accused also stay in Sambhaji Nagar, she was able to identify them,\" said Kulkarni.Doctors kept Pednekar under observation and declared the following day that she had suffered a miscarriage. Based on her medical report, the police booked Satpute and his family members under Sections 34 (common intention), 316 (causing death of unborn child by an act amounting to culpable homicide), 323 &amp; 325 (grievous hurt) and 504 (intentional insult with intent to provoke breach of the peace) of the IPC. Satpute is in police custody at present.The sleuths learned that Satpute and his relatives are involved in moneylending and enjoy an unsavoury reputation . Satpute also reportedly has some political connections. On the day of the incident, Satpute and his family were rushing towards Kurla station on his bike when the incident took place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15500219", "title": "\u2018We are ruled by dacoits\u2026 the British were better\u2019", "text": "BANGALORE: They have seen India extricate herself from the clutches of the British to turn into a progressive republic. They have lived the freedom struggle and every moment of the nation's 65 years of Independence. For GenNext, their struggle would seem like a fairy tale. On the eve of Independence Day, TOI sought their views on freedom and India. Pandit Sudhakar Chaturvedi, 118Ask him who got us freedom, and he answers quizzically: \" MK Gandhi, Nehru, Subhash Chandra Bose, Bhagat Singh? Veer Savarkar? British themselves? Extremism or ahimsa? None of them, India got freedom because of Adolf Hitler and Benito Mussolini, who created fear in the British empire.\" Pandit Sudhakar Chaturvedi, an enigmatic freedom fighter and living legend of the city, was known as the 'critical insider' within the Congress. Despite being associated closely with the Mahatma, he questioned Gandhi's principle of ahimsa.On August 15, 1947, Chaturvedi was in Delhi with Gandhi, Nehru and others. \"It was an eventful and exciting day. However bad the politics is now, it is good we got freedom then. It was good for both Indians and British,\" he recalls.At 118, Chaturvedi is glad he is fit. \"I can hear, read and walk,\" he chuckles. He has not accepted the pension given to freedom fighters, happy in his Jayanagar residence.NV Krishnamachari, 96\"We might term the British 'firangis' or 'white men', but they ruled us based on laws. They did their job on the directions of the East India Company. But what principles do today's politicians have? Hardly any. We fought to get a nation to be ruled by Indians based on truth, ahimsa, human values. Sometimes, I feel we should not have got freedom at all. The British did not trouble the public as much as our elected politicians do now. I cry to myself when I look at our pathetic world,\" says NV Krishnamachari.He was in Bangalore central jail the day India got independence. \"We were sent out saying we were released. We had no clue we'd got Independence,\" he recalls.Krishnamachari has named his sons Jayaprakash Narayan, Babu Rajendra Prasad, Balagangadhar Tilak, Lokamanya, and his daughters Jhansi Rani and Lakshmi Bai.He is fit, he has no BP or diabetes, though his hearing capability is diminishing. He lives in KG Nagar, South Bangalore.Annadanaiah Puranika, 85When the entire country rejoiced on August 15, 1947, a 19-year-old freedom fighter and his friends were in tears at Osmania University in Hyderabad. \"Hyderabad hadn't got freedom and we had no security under the Nizams. Those who hoisted the Indian flag in Hyderabad were arrested. We fled to Gadag and Hubli, and fought the Razaks and Nizams from here. I discontinued my studies. Thanks to Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, Hyderabad won freedom on September 17, 1948,\" recollects Annadanaiah Puranika.\"I had written to the governor two years ago on how the government can make use of our experience. I have not got any response,\" he told TOI. Puranika, who worked as an advocate for 30 years in the Karnataka high court, says corrupt politicians should be socially boycotted. He lives in Jayanagar with his daughter. Barring occasional knee pain, he is fit as a fiddle.HS Doreswamy, 94This veteran freedom fighter is an active participant in social activism even today. Be it the protest for the appointment of the Lokayukta or implementation of the Lokpal bill, Doreswamy is at Freedom Park with his firm notions. He has termed the anti-corruption protests of Anna Hazare as the \"second freedom struggle\" of the nation and actively participated in India Against Corruption movements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15499014", "title": "'Bad teachers result in unemployable students'", "text": "NAGPUR: \"Despite immense intellectual wealth at its disposal, Indian universities have been unable to utilize it well. This is mainly because of shortage of trained, experienced faculty members,\" said Bharat Dhar, senior vice president of Ritnand Balved Education Foundation, which runs many reputed educational institutes across the country including Amity University. He also said that the kind of infrastructure and facilities that can exploit this talent is missing in India.Dhar has been associated with organizations like Association of Indian Universities, Central Mining Research Institute and Banaras Hindu University. He was in the city to deliver the Prof P Khanna Memorial Lecture organized by National Environmental Engineering Research Institute ( Neeri). Though the topic of the speech was 'Professional Training and Development: A Key to Success', the veteran teacher and educationist spoke about various other issues.Dhar spoke about the importance of team work, \"It is important to know one's team members beyond appearances, knowing what makes them happy or sad. One should know how to put people in their comfort zones while working in a team,\" he said. Expressing appreciation towards one's teammates is an important aspect of better teamwork, added Dhar.The lack of high-quality teachers naturally results in an 'end product' or students of lesser quality, he said. \"We have been unable to keep talented youngsters of the country fruitfully busy. There is a definite imbalance between services here and the people who can provide them. We have too many people who can render services and too few organizations offering them employment,\" he added.According to Dhar, another thing hampering employment opportunities for students is that the government is still not ready to give independence to all industries. \"Media being so free in the country, it has blossomed into an industry employing so many people. If the retail industry is also given this freedom, there would be a bigger industry and so many more employment opportunities will be created for youngsters,\" he said. This is more important if we are aiming towards progress, as more population will mean more demand for products and services, added the former teacher.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15499195", "title": "Now, Congress MLA seeks CM's reply", "text": "JAIPUR: In a further embarrassment to chief minister Ashok Gehlot whose government has been assailed by his own party men on the corruption issue, Jaipur's Congress legislator Pratap Singh Khachariawas has demanded that the allegations leveled by parliamentary secretary Rajendra Singh Bidhuri should be answered \"by the accused\".\"The allegations have made by a senior party leader whose is part of the government. These should, therefore, be answered by the accused, since we claim to be a transparent and sensitive government,\" Khachariawas said on Tuesday.A day earlier, parliamentary secretary and Begun (Chittorgarh) legislator accused chief minister Gehlot of shielding corrupt government officials and elected representatives. Bidhuri claimed that he was being 'targeted and framed' in fake criminal cases as he exposed corruption cases and opposed arbitrary functioning of certain ministers. Underlining the timing of accusations made by Begun panchayat samiti pradhan Rukma Regar against him last year, Bidhuri stressed that the Gehlot government was targeting him, along with Congress chief whip Raghu Sharma and Civil Lines' legislator Khachariawas, since the trio took out an anti-corruption rally around the state assembly during the budget session 2011.Speaking to reporters, Khachariawas said, \"What Bidhuri has spoken about are serious allegations and in a democratic setup such charges should be replied to both at the government level and the party organisation level.\" He added that corruption was deep-rooted in the state. \"From peons to collectors to politicians, there are several cases of corruption. Though there are frequent reports about bureaucrats and clerks being caught red-handed in graft cases, people are not mending their ways,\" Khachariawas said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15500050", "title": "Independence Day: For youth, it's holiday and miles to go...", "text": "PATNA: The meaning of Independence Day has changed over the past six decades, especially among youth. For some, it means no more than a holiday while for others it has brought unbridled liberty. There is a section of youth who believe independence still eludes the country in the true sense of the term. On the eve of August 15, TOI talked to GenX of the city to find out what I-Day means to them.Amrita, a student of Commerce College, Patna, said, \"Freedom for me is gender equality. The liberty to do anything I want to do. No restrictions from my parents just because I'm a girl. I get equal opportunities like my brother.\"Ritu, a class X student, said, \"I will feel 'freedom' when I am able to roam around the city without inviting any comment from boys; when we will be free from eve-teasers. Until then it is just a ritualistic celebration of Independence Day every year.\"For Sandeep Kumar , an MBA aspirant, I-Day has a special meaning. \"I celebrate this day with my younger brother and sister. I would not have been able to do so many things had India not been a free country. We should respect and protect its freedom.\"But there are others who are disillusioned by the system. Rahul Kumar, a BTech student of IIT, Patna, said, \"I-Day is just another holiday for me. India of my dream is far from what India is.\" When asked what sovereignty means to him, Rahul replied, \"For me independence would mean technological freedom, advancement in technology.\"Asked if I- Day is just another holiday, Neha, a class XII student, said, \"Yes, it is a holiday. But I will watch the programmes telecast on TV. I do that every year and it is nice to see cultural programmes and colour of freedom.\"Pooja Lakhani, a BCom student of Patna Women's College, said, \"Complete independence in every aspect of my life is what I-Day means to me. It is not just about rights but duties as well. I do my bit for the nation. I try to keep the city clean in whatever ways I can.\"Her friend Neelam adds, \"In school we used to go for flag-hoisting and march-past but in college we have some celebrations a day ahead. August 15 is a holiday.\"Asked about the significance of I-Day, Shipra, a class VII student, recites her history lessons, saying, \"We got independence at the cost of thousands of lives. We should respect the freedom and put our country before anything else.\" She adds, \"Those who fought for our freedom will be very sad to see people clashing among themselves on regional and communal lines.\"Her friend Rohan added, \"On this day sweets are distributed in school after flag-hoisting and cultural programme. I always look forward to it.\"Telling about his expectation from the country, Vivek, a final year BBA student, said, \"I just want to get a good job after completing my education. So, I think, government should focus on generating employment. But it is a give-and-take relationship and I know I should also do something for the country before asking something from it. Only when all of us contribute to the nation's development, true independence will happen.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15505013", "title": "Luxury carmakers increasingly using online campaigns to reach tech-savvy buyers", "text": "MUMBAI: Top luxury carmakers Mercedes-Benz, BMW and Audi are increasingly using iPad apps and online campaigns to reach out to tech-savvy customers, particularly in smaller cities and towns where these global brands do not have showrooms.Mercedes-Benz recently equipped its sales consultants across the country with an iPad application called iSales, which enables users to engage with its cars in a virtual domain and customise the car before making an order.\"Earlier, customers believed in going to showrooms, scrutinising brochures and test-driving the car of his choice. (Today) customers are more networked, tech-savvy, digitally engaged, and with preferences changing, we want to reach the customer faster,\" Debashish Mitra, director, sales and marketing, at Mercedes Benz India, says.Its bigger rivals BMW and Audi too have interactive iPad apps that allow customisation and other online and offline initiatives to reach and wow potential customers.With sales of Indian premium and luxury cars, like the rest of the car market, expected to grow at its slowest pace this year, the three German luxury carmakers-engaged in a fierce competition to take or regain markleadership-are leaving no stone unturned in their bid to reach car buyers.iSales, which is available only in select countries, allows 360-degree views as well as customisation of colours, accessories, equipment and interiors.\"A customer can craft the car of his aspiration through this virtual tool,\" Mitra says. \"They have a complete understanding of the car, even before physically examining or test-driving the car after approaching a showroom,\" he says.The iSales tool has finance options and a sales consultant can book an order within minutes of the confirmation.Market leader BMW India has an iPad app called 'mobile car configurator' that allows customers to individualise the car by choosing from a wide range of colours, upholstery, wheel rims.BMW is driving an offline initiative too to reach new customers. It recently launched seven mobile showrooms at Karnal, Agra, Dehradun , Jamshedpur, Patna , Bhopal and Nashik. \"BMW India has millions of fans and many of them come from emerging cities. With this travelling showroom, we can bring as many customers to the BMW fold,\" Andreas Schaaf, president of BMW Group India, says.The BMW Mobile Showroom has a reception area and a VIP lounge with display of the BMW 3 Series, 5 Series, X1, X3, and X5.\"These showrooms will give customers in emerging markets an opportunity to experience the brand, test drive vehicles, interact with product experts and avail promotional finance offers from BMW Financial Services,\" Schaaf says.Audi India, the fastest-growing luxury carmaker, recently shifted its focus from mass media advertising to digital through social media, search engines and mobile marketing. It also uses iPad apps such as Audi mobile sales assistant with brochures, showroom trailers, videos, 360-degree view and basic configurations.\"The online medium might not always directly provide leads or sales through campaigns/activities, but acts often as a primary medium in terms of information gathering prior to actual purchase/purchase decision making,\" Audi India MD Michael Perschke says.Audi India has been using a strategic mix of classic online, mobile marketing, social media, online advertising and search engine optimisation (SEO) search engine management SEM /SEO to aid the sales process. It has also launched a digital version of its in-house magazine on iPad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15499944", "title": "Debate over voting rights heats up at Yeshwant Club", "text": "INDORE: The issues related to MPCA polls slated for August 26 have started hotting up. Normally, it is the secretary of Yeshwant Club who votes on its behalf for MPCA polls, chairman of the club, Paramjit Singh Chhabra 'Pummy', had recently grabbed the right from the secretary during the committee's recently held meeting. The issue, which was not in the agenda, was brought all of a sudden during the meeting and eight out of total nine members of the committee voted for the chairman to exercise his franchise for the ensuing MPCA poll.Disgusted over the development, the club's secretary, Sunil Bajaj has taken up the matter to the committee and registrar, firms and societies.While Pummy is believed to be the supporter of the union minister of state for commerce &amp; industry, Jyotiraditya Scindia, who is contesting the MPCA poll, Bajaj could make it during the recently concluded elections for the managing committee of the club, thanks to the backing of the state's industry &amp; information technology minister, Kailash Vijaywargiya, who is also in the fray.When contacted by ToI, Sunil Bajaj, secretary, Yeshwant Club, said, \"Constitutionally, it is the secretary of the club, who has got the right to exercise his franchise. Let me add here that the tradition, as per which secretary gets the right to vote during the MPCA poll, was set out of the constitution of the club. So, I do believe that whatever has happened was not in the jurisdiction of the managing committee. As a citizen of the country, one has got every right to approach judiciary to seek justice in such a situation.\"Yeshwant club chairman, Pummy in a written reply to the secretary Bajaj said that even the honorary secretary for a single purchase of more than Rs 1500 and a monthly purchase of more than Rs 1500 has to take an approval from the managing committee.Meanwhile, union minister of state for commerce &amp; industry, Jyotiraditya Scindia who was here to attend the Shahi Sawari of Lord Mahakal in Ujjain, also met a number of members of MPCA. He has met almost each and every member of MPCA, comprising a total of 289 members, during a number of visits paid by him in the past six months, added the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "attari/kahangarh (amritsar)", "code": "15503324", "title": "Keeping vigil on border: With their guns and teddies", "text": "ATTARI/KAHANGARH (Amritsar): At quarter past five in the morning, Prabhdeep Kaur and Preeti are snugly buttoning up their combat camouflage shirts.With a swift alertness, they pick up their heavy INSAS 5.56mm rifles and hang them on their shoulders. The pouches are attached and the zap cap worn.Surveillance eyes on, observation notebooks stowed, sealed lips and austere looks flitted across their faces, the pair walks with a distinctive swagger to take the permission of their company commander.Sharp at 6, the check post at the Indo-Pak border wakes up to the pounce of their steps as they take up their positions - one on tower and the other inside the rest hut.\"Women are allowed on the observation posts only between 6am and 6pm,\" says DIG (Punjab) Shubhendu Garg.As the day progresses, the responsibilities broaden. The girls frisk female agricultural workers who require to cross the border to tend to their fields. Once that gets over, they patrol the fence with prying eyes.\"Two of our girls in Gurdaspur had recently shot intruders from the other side of the border. They are not to be taken lightly,\" warns Garg.BEATING THE RETREATAbout 4.45pm, Jasbir Kaur (22) and Chandra (22) - both over 5ft 10 inches - are standing in front of the mirror, putting lip gloss and pins in their hair.To add to their feminine touch, a scarlet sash and a black beret with a feathered plume wait to be picked up.The appearance must be spick and span as they have to take part in the spectacle that has made this border post most famous in the country. When the flags of the countries are lowered at the ceremonial sunset closing of the gates, commonly known as Beating the Retreat.As they appear on the stretch leading to the big gates, the new spectators are obviously stunned. They haven't seen women in this ostentatious uniform before.\"Women at border? Lara Croft or Xena the Warrior,\" Rishabh Gupta from New Delhi, asks innocuously, of them.However, their gig is only short lived. The Pakistan Rangers are yet to introduce women. So, Jasbir and Chandra march to the gate before the men and witness the proceedings from the sidelines.\"We can't raise our legs that high. But we have equal aggression in our gait and voice as our men counterparts. And, maybe even more fans here,\" they add.FILLING THEIR STOMACHSSharing their common canteen mess with the male personnel, these women take their grub with caution. Like their male colleagues, they want to stay lean and toned.Extra stodgy curries and carbs are a big no-no for them. They pick up their cutleries and fill up their plates with only minimum required.\"I wouldn't have ever developed a taste for this nutritious food. I'm fortunate that I have to follow this discipline here. Use of oil and ghee is so common in Punjab, the women put on weight,\" says Sukhraj Kaur, who comes from Bathinda.CAMARDERIE INSIDE THE BARRACKSA petite, comely looking Anita Rani is trying to hide her fiery red teddy, the soft toy which she bought for herself two years ago.Like other girls of her age, she too discovered her love for adorable, huggable and in her \"teenage times of needs\".\"I have always loved pets, especially dogs. That's how I began to keep soft toys. I used to sleep beside them. You can't bring a human friend from your village, so I thought why not bring my inanimate pet,\" says Rani.Her friend Jasbir too has one stowed inside her almirah. When it comes to choosing their life partners, they want their men to be powerful and dominant.Dominant gaits, deep voices, height, swagger, bravado, they all have their choices and preferences. \"I swoon over John Abraham ,\" giggles Harjinder. \"Even Akshay Kumar is handsome,\" they say, as they all break into a laugh.\"We're girls, at the end of the day,\" says Baljeet, who comes from Gurdaspur. Their wardrobes brim with lipsticks, cosmetics and perfumes with floral scents. Most of them concur when it comes to discussing their shopping habits. \"Sandals, earrings and denims. But of course we never get time to wear all of that,\" they say.\"We're the new woman power. We're India too. Let this be the victory of this new Team India,\" they scream in triumph.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15499388", "title": "Race for Goa University student elections heats up", "text": "PANAJI: A university class representative (UCR) contesting the Goa University student election has written to the varsity's director for students' welfare asking him to disqualify students who have not submitted their report on expenses incurred during the class representative elections.Saish Talaulikar, a student of PES College of Ponda, who is also contesting the university student elections, said, \"Tuesday was the last day for those contesting the elections to submit an audit report of the expenses while contesting as class representatives in their respective colleges. Only 18 of the students contesting the elections have submitted their reports.\"Talaulikar said that students who have not submitted the report of their expenses are eligible to be disqualified from contesting the university elections as per varsity rules.Last week, nine students were disqualified from contesting the student elections by Goa University after they were found to be ineligible for various reasons. Students from a South Goa college cried foul over the disqualification and had written to university officials asking that the elections be postponed.The elections for the executive committee of the university students council scheduled for August 21, 2012, are now likely to be postponed. According to the process followed by the Goa University, UCRs are first elected from the class representatives elected by various colleges across the state. These representatives are then elected by university faculty representatives to stand for each of the departments of the varsity. The faculty representatives then elect the executive committee of the student's council and its chairperson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15499673", "title": "JICA nixes KWA's Japan junket list", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Kerala Water Authority (KWA) and Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) which funds drinking water projects to the tune of Rs 2987 crore in the state are in a tussle over a training programme to be held in Japan.JICA has vetoed the KWA proposal, citing that 15-member list does not represent enough qualified professionals. The KWA list includes water resources minister P J Joseph, Ashok Kumar Singh, MD, KWA, V J Kurien, water resources secretary, and a personal staff member of the minister.JICA insists that 30% of the visitors should be working with the JICA project, 40% should come from engineers who are working at KWA's projects and 10% from finance and administration wings of the authority. The KWA list did not meet these norms.JICA also wanted KWA to define the role of the nominees and has taken exception to the KWA proposal of six days of visits and only one day of training sessions.The overseas trip would cost the JICA project Rs one crore. The 12-day programme was intended to familiarize delegates on modern technology, with visits to advanced water treatment plants and lecture-cum-training sessions.KWA first submitted its list in June. It is learnt that despite objections from the JICA, it sent the list again, without any changes. KWA justified the inclusion of the minister saying he is the policy maker. JICA's stance is that if political representative is a must, his travel expenses should be met by the KWA.Ashok Kumar Singh, MD, KWA, however, justified the list and said three batches are lined up for training and those who have not been shortlisted for the first round will be given opportunities in later rounds. As per the initial itinerary, the visit should have taken place in the first week of August.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "15498043", "title": "Boy killed in house collapse", "text": "GHAZIABAD: A 10-year-old boy was killed and four of his relatives injured when the concrete canopy of their home in Sahibabad collapsed on Tuesday morning. The incident occurred when a condolence meet was going on in their home.Police said the deceased has been identified as Abhay Chaturvedi and the injured as Radhika (10), Dimple (15), Madhavi (15) and Lakshmi (25). All victims live in G-Block of Sahibabad. A member of their family had passed away recently for which the condolence ceremony had been organized.\"Abhay had gone outside to fill water around 10am when the canopy collapsed all of a sudden, burying him in the process. The women standing nearby were also injured,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15498944", "title": "Drugged IIT victim 'sure' that she was not raped", "text": "MUMBAI: A 28-year-old female researcher who was found sedated in the Indian Institute of Technology-Bombay staff quarters on Saturday refused to undergo physical examination to determine sexual assault. The Powai police, though, convinced her to register a complaint on Monday and arrested a 57-year-old institute staffer for allegedly sedating and misbehaving with her.The victim, a dual degree student pursuing an MSc and a PhD in physics, has chosen not to inform her Andhra Pradesh-based family about the incident. \"She does not want to put her mother, a single parent, through stress ,\" said U A Yajnik, dean of students' affairs at IIT-B. He added that the victim told IIT authorities she was confident that she had not been sexually assaulted.S V Rajan, who works in the Graduate Aptitude Test in Engineering office, has been booked under Indian Penal Code's sections 328 for causing hurt by means of poison , 342 for wrongful confinement, 354 for outraging modesty, and 366 for kidnapping, abducting or inducing a woman to compel. He was produced before Andheri court on Monday and remanded in police custody till August 22. IIT-B has suspended him till further inquiry.The police managed to convince the victim to lodge an FIR during a counselling session at Rajawadi Hospital where she was admitted, said senior inspector Bajirao Bhosale.The victim and the accused used to play badminton together. In her complaint, the victim said, \"Rajan used to meet me at the badminton court and invite me to his residence for coffee. To avoid him, I didn't visit the court between August 7 and 9. I even informed my colleagues about this. When Rajan did not see me for three days, he approached me on August 10 in the lab where I was engaged in research work.\"On Saturday, Rajan met the victim at the badminton court around 9.15am. She said he forced her to accompany him to his residence for coffee and to meet his wife. When the victim saw that his wife was missing , Rajan said she had gone to a temple and would return shortly. \"He offered her coffee and snack; she soon began to feel drowsy. The accused gave her a tablet but her condition worsened,\" a police officer said.She managed to call up her fiance in Hyderabad and give him sketchy information about her condition, the officer said. He, in turn, got in touch with her colleagues. \"Around 11.15am, they located Rajan, who denied knowing her whereabouts. Later security guards and the victim's colleagues forced him to take them to his house. The victim was found in an unconscious state on his bed. She was rushed to the IIT hospital, wherefrom she was shifted to a government hospital as it turned out to be a criminal matter.\"The victim kept slipping in and out of consciousness till Sunday evening. \"Somehow she agreed to lodge an FIR, but said she would end her life if forced to do a physical test. We are waiting for the chemical analysis of the drugs used. We are also getting details on whether the accused had committed a similar offence in the past,\" the officer said.Yajnik said by Monday evening, the victim was transferred back to the campus hospital. \"She was in a good mood in the evening.\"Rajawadi Hospital medical superintendent Dr S S Poyekar said the patient was put on intravenous fluids to flush out the sedatives. A doctor said, \"She did not have any external injuries for sure.\"(With inputs by Hemali Chhapia and Yogita Rao)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "15503465", "title": "Situation in Jammu and Kashmir not conducive to revoking AFSPA: Omar Abdullah", "text": "SRINAGAR: Jammu and Kashmir chief minister Omar Abdullah on Wednesdau said the situation in the state had not reached a point where the Armed Forces Special Powers Act (AFSPA) can be revoked.\"I have no hesitation in saying that we wanted to reach a position where we could revoke the AFSPA from some areas of the state. But, unfortunately, we have not reached that point yet,\" Omar said in his Independence Day address at the Bakshi stadium here.The chief minister, however, said the AFSPA revocation issue has not been closed as the dialogue on the matter was going on with the ministry of defence and the Army.\"The process (of revocation) has not stopped as the dialogue on the matter is ongoing,\" Omar said.He expressed confidence that the controversial law will be revoked within the tenure of the National Conference-Congress coalition government, headed by him.\"I reiterate what I said on the floor of the assembly that AFSPA will be revoked within the tenure of this government,\" he added.Referring to his tenure so far, Omar said during the last three-and-half years, the state has seen \"some good days and some bad days\".\"However, due to the total cooperation of the people we are now witnessing one of the most peaceful times that the state has witnessed during the 22 years,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15500604", "title": "HC orders ad hoc appointment of information officers", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court on Tuesday directed the state government to fill two vacant posts of information commissioner in the state in two months, on an ad-hoc basis, till the backlog of appeals before the commission is cleared.Acting on a PIL filed by a senior citizen Prafull Desai, a bench of Chief Justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya and Justice J B Pardiwala has ordered to appoint the commissioners , so the State Information Commission can deal with the large volume of appeals filed under the Right to Information Act, 2005.The petitioner, Desai, had filed the PIL seeking the high court's direction to the state government to fill up all posts of information commissioners to make quick disposal of appeals possible, and so the information law can be implemented in its true spirit.Desai moved the court after the information commission held a Lok Adalat in Vadodara earlier this year, though there is no provision for such a settlement in information laws.Citing a news report, Desai told the court that information officers pressurized applicants to sign settlement documents. To this, the judges inquired if there is a provision for settlements in the Act. When the reply was in the negative, the court sought an explanation from the government on conducting Lok Adalats to settle appeals under RTI laws.The court ordered for ad hoc appointments at this stage, after the government pleader Prakash Jani submitted that appointment of information commissioner requires constitution of a committee headed by the chief minister. This committee selects and finalizes names and then recommends them to the governor for her confirmation .At present, the commission has three information commissioners including the chief information commissioner , and two posts are vacant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15500080", "title": "Sushil Kumar Modi advises Anna, Ramdev against contesting polls", "text": "PATNA: Deputy CM and senior BJP leader Sushil Kumar Modi has advised both Yoga guru Baba Ramdev and Gandhian Anna Hazare not to contest election as it would be like committing political hara-kiri.Everybody has the right to form a political party and contest elections but people like Anna Hazare and Baba Ramdev should desist from such activities. They should learn from mistakes of previous agitations. Running a political party and contesting election are two different issues, Modi said, adding that they should create pitch for political parties.He lashed out at Congress which claimed that Hazare and Ramdev's agitation had fizzled out. Congress made similar mistake during the JP movement and finally bit the dust during 1977 election. The supporters of Ramdev and Anna should not feel panicky as Congress would face debacle in 2014 parliamentary elections. People are upset and are out to remove Congress from the power, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15499190", "title": "In the garb of govt staff, they grab couple\u2019s cash", "text": "CHENNAI: Two men posing as Metrowater staff conned an elderly couple and escaped with Rs 31,000 from their home in Abiramapuram on Monday.The men told Ranganathan, 83, and his wife that their daughter had complained of problems in water supply to the house and started 'inspecting' the taps in every room.Police said the theft surfaced only when the couple's daughter returned from work evening. Ranganathan told their daughter Urmila about the men who had come on her complaint. She said she had not filed any complaint. Urmila later found that Rs 31,000 kept in an alimirah was missing. Urmila called police.The couple told the investigators that the two men claiming to be from Metrowater had gone from room to room. Later, they took the couple to the terrace to check the flow from the overhead tank. They asked the couple to be on the terrace and went inside the house as if to check a tap. After a while, they returned to the terrace, saying the connection was perfect.A police officer said such conmen often target elderly couples living alone. In this case, they seemed to know that the couple's daughter would be away during the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15500169", "title": "Notice over Kamaraj statue maintenance", "text": "TRICHY: The District Munsif Court on Tuesday issued notices to the district collector, the Tiruchirappalli corporation commissioner and the deputy commissioner of police (traffic) to appear in court on September 19 since they had failed to \"provide proper, clean and hygienic environment around the compound wall encircling the statute of former chief minister Kamaraj\" at the Chatram bus stand in Trichy.The matter was brought up before the court by the Tamil Nadu Congress Seva Dal, a wing of the TNCC. Its organizer, A S Charles, said it was a disgrace that the bus passengers were urinating against the wall of the statue. He urged the court for a direction particularly to the corporation commissioner to keep the surrounding walls from stinking, and also to direct the deputy commissioner (traffic) to prevent drivers of private buses and taxis from parking their vehicles on all four sides of the compound wall encircling the statue.It was also noticed on July 15, the birth anniversary of the former chief minister, that his statue at Subramaniyapuram stood disgraced, having lost a hand. On August 14, it was found to have been wrapped in a cloth to conceal the broken hands. Charles' lawyer S Rajesh Kanna argued in court that the leader did not ask for his statue to be put up for exhibition, and if it was done by anyone, then it was the responsibility of the person or organization concerned to maintain the dignity of the person by keeping it safe and free from nuisance. Since the corporation had given permission and space to put up such statues, it was its duty to protect them from ridicule, if not from wear and tear, the lawyer told the court.The petitioner representing numerous admirers of Kamaraj said that even during his lifetime, his statue was unveiled in then Madras by then prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru , and followed by this, several hundred of his statues were installed throughout the country. Even people from outside Tamil Nadu respected Kamaraj.The statue at Chatram bus stand was unveiled by G Karuppaiah Moopanar, then president of the TNCC, on July 14, 1996. Today, vehicle drivers use the compound wall as a public toilet, the petitioner said.The petitioner also said he had made several representations earlier to the authorities concerned, but none of them yielded any result.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15500445", "title": "Le Corbusier body to lend might to UT heritage claim", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After failing to capitalize on getting a place on the tentative list of UNESCO world heritage sites in 2007, the UT administration is now hopeful of sending a comprehensive dossier to justify its claim on the permanent list, with Le Corbusier Foundation offering its assistance to the administration. The next deadline for sending nominations is January 31, 2013.Sources said the foundation has sent a letter to the administration, offering to help it in preparation of the dossier, which has to be submitted to Archeological Survey of India ( ASI), which was the nodal agency for Indian entries.Last year, UT had not sent its nomination. This was in sharp contrast to the past three years, 2008, 2009 and 2010, when the administration had tried hard to get a place on the heritage list after it was put on the tentative list in 2007.It has been decided to divide UT's entry into two parts -- Capitol Complex and Cultural Complex -- with focus on 12 to 15 key buildings designed by Swiss-French architect Le Corbusier and his team. These will include high court, assembly, Sukhna Lake, Leisure Valley, museum and Government College of Arts. Besides, the housing schemes conceptualized as part of the capital project of setting up the city in sectors 22, 9 and 16 will also find a mention.The preserved original character of Old Architect's Building in Sector 19, where Corbusier used to work, will strengthen Chandigarh's claim.In 2008, Chandigarh was expecting its entry to be joined with that of France, as it too pertained to work of Corbusier. Once placed on UNESCO's permanent list, Chandigarh will not only join the league of cities like Tel Aviv, Brasilia and Le Havre (France), but will also find a place on the international tourism map.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "jammu", "code": "15501850", "title": "Jammu and Kashmir disabled students demand institute of higher education", "text": "JAMMU: The students of the lone school for physically challenged children in Jammu and Kashmir held a protest demonstration here on Tuesday against the state government demanding setting up of educational institute for higher education for them.Students, mostly girls, assembled at the compound of the school at Shaheedi Chowk here and held protest demonstration against the government for its failure to support the school financially.\"There is no institute of higher education after class tenth in J&K; for physically challenged children and government has totally failed during the past 66 years to provide right to higher education for these children,\" principal of the school R K Bhan told reporters here.Bhan said that they are running the school only on the donations.\"We get a meagre amount of Rs 70,000 annually for running this school for which we seek donations of over Rs 8 lakh annually for smooth conduct of the school\", he said, adding that out of this Rs 70,000, they have to pay back Rs 40,000 as rent of the building to the government.The government boosts of 100 per cent success of Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA) when the 10 per cent of the population are physically handicapped, he alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15498810", "title": "Former GM of LACCFED sent to jail", "text": "LUCKNOW: A local court on Tuesday sent Pankaj Tripathi, former general manager (GM) of the UP Labour and Construction Co-operative Federation (LACCFED), to 48 hours of judicial custody, in connection with alleged Rs 50-crore scam. The police arrested Tripathi on charges of embezzlement of the government funds and produced before the additional chief judicial magistrate Ravi Kant for custody. The scam occurred during previous Mayawati regime.According to the cooperative cell of the UP police, which is probing the matter, preliminary investigations have revealed a bungling of nearly Rs 50 crore. While Tripathi was arrested, police sources said LACCFED chief engineer Govind Sharan Srivastava and accountant Anil Agarwal are absconding. Tripathi authorised payments through bearer cheques signed by the chief engineer and the accountant, both of whom have now been suspended by the state government.Police sources said that the LACCFED was a small government agency handling contracts up to Rs 10 lakh till May 2010, when it was recognized as an executive agency of the state government and entrusted with contracts worth crores of rupees. Police believe the sudden flow of funds indicates that the scam was planned. The police are also investigating the role of an influential minister and a top bureaucrat in the Mayawati government in this case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15498640", "title": "'Group of 36 started violence, 5 held have crime record'", "text": "MUMBAI: After two days of investigation into Saturday's violence, police said it was a group of 36 youth who started the entire violence, while five of the 23 held have criminal connections. Police also said they have identified 14 people among the 60-70 youths who damaged public and private property and attacked policemen and media personnel.\"From the CCTV footage obtained from the railways, it appears that this group arrived by local trains and started ransacking the shops in the subway. They then proceeded to Azad Maidan. They did not enter the ground but picked up a fight with the policemen who were stationed outside, when they refused to let them in as the meeting had almost come to an end,\" a police officer said.Police said they are trying to find out whether they were instigated by any particular group to carry out violence.Sources said the 14 who have been identified are from Kasaiwada in Kurla (E), Shivaji Nagar in Govandi and Mumbra in Thane and all of them were missing from their homes.Police sources said they were identified with the help of community leaders, locals and informers using the CCTV footages. \"We are looking for those who have been captured in the videos,\" joint commissioner of police (crime) Himanshu Roy said.Meanwhile, the police have found that five of the 23 arrested have previous criminal records and have been called in at police stations for their role in rioting and assault cases. \"One of the two deceased, Umer Shaikh, who was found dead near the CST railway station, had four cases against him. He was earlier involved in assault and rioting cases,\" said a police source.They said the rest of the 18 do not have any police records and their relatives claimed that they had gone to Azad Maidan to see the protest rally.The special investigation team (SIT) that is probing the case has sent summons to 17 religious leaders, including a retired assistant commissioner of police Shamsher Khan Pathan, who were on the dias. SIT sources said though these 17 are not accused but their names have been mentioned in the FIR and police are scanning CCTV footages to find out if any of them gave any provocative speech that led to rioting and arson.Highly placed sources said the home department is likely to reward all those policemen who took prompt action with gallantry awards. Sources said that police commissioner is now making a list of policemen, many of the lady constables, who did their duty without fear.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "15497644", "title": "Government getting flak for Shibu panel's missed meetings: BJP", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Lack of regular meetings of the state coordination committee, headed by Jharkhand Mukti Morcha chief Shibu Soren , is one of the reasons behind open criticism of the Arjun Munda-led government by leaders of the ruling allies, said Harendra Pratap Singh, the state in-charge of the BJP.Conceding that in the recent past instances of public criticism of the government by the allies have embarrassed the government, Singh said here on Tuesday that he would ask chief minister Munda to approach Soren for convening the meeting soon.Citing instances of how some of the ministers, particularly deputy chief minister Hemant Soren, have been publicly criticizing the government on numerous occasions, the BJP leader said, \"Being a partner in the government, it is unfair and inappropriate to air personal opinion in the press. The appropriate platform for such exercise is the coordination committee.\" Singh regretted about irregular meetings of the coordination panel.The BJP in-charge claimed that there was not a single corruption charge against the chief minister. \"But the same cannot be said against the cabinet ministers,\" he hastened to add.\"The present government is approaching its second anniversary (on September 11) and the good thing is that unlike in the past, none has targeted the chief minister with corruption charges,\" said Singh while stressing on the BJP's plank of \"zero-tolerance on corruption\".Giving full marks to Munda, the BJP leader claimed that the state government was efficiently moving on the path to development. He blamed the Congress for launching a sinister campaign to defame and destabilize the present regime. \"Subsequent to the Rajya Sabha polls, the Congress has been falsely claiming that change of government in the state is imminent which is absolutely baseless,\" said Singh at Singhbhum Chamber Bhavan. He was here to oversee the ongoing primary membership drive of the party.Singh, who was earlier the in-charge of northeastern states, accused the Congress of being soft on illegal Bangladeshi migrants. \"At the cost of innocent Bodo tribals, the Congress is patronizing illegal migrants of Bangladesh in Assam and other parts of northeast for the sake of votes - which is detrimental to the security and integrity of the country,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15497779", "title": "CM inaugurates power station for West Singhbhum block", "text": "RANCHI: Nearly 10,000 houses in Maoist-hit Manjhari block of West Singhbhum district will get uninterrupted electricity from Tuesday with the inauguration of a power substation by the chief minister. This is the fourth substation inaugurated online by Arjun Munda for rural areas of the state in the past two months.Sources in the chief minister office said of the 10,000 houses that would benefit from the substation, around 7,000 were families from below the poverty line. The total length of the transmission line will be around 250 km. To light up these villages, the government has also installed around 330 transformers near the villages of various capacities ranging from 10 KVA to 25 KVA.After inaugurating the power station , the chief minister said the state government had plans to light up every house in all 32,000 villages of Jharkhand. \"We have started the process of electrification and hoped that people will take maximum benefit both in agriculture and setting up micro and cottage industry in remote areas,\" said the chief minister. He added that it would be the state government's endeavour to ensure uninterrupted power supply in these houses.The chief minister also urged the villagers to regularly monitor the condition of transformers and distribution network and immediately inform the engineers of the electricity department of any fault.\"The villagers should also take the responsibility of timely collection of electricity bill every month,\" Munda added. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15499325", "title": "Four women hurt as balcony collapses", "text": "CHENNAI: The balcony of a house in a Tamil Nadu Slum Clearance Board building in Sathyavani Muthu Nagar, Otteri, collapsed on Tuesday morning, injuring four women. Police said the women were standing on the balcony when it came crashing down.An investigating officer said Sitamma, 70, Ragamma, 80, Saroja, 65, and Philomena, 20, were watching a drunken brawl on the ground floor from the second-floor balcony when it suddenly gave way.They were taken to government Kilpauk Medical College and Hospital. Saroja and Ragamma were referred to the Government General Hospital with spinal injuries and their condition is said to be critical.Recalling the incident, Philomena said they were standing on the balcony when they felt a jerk. \"Before we could realise what was happening, we were on the ground with the debris all around us,\" she said.Philomena was injured in the right leg and family members said they were worried that the accident would spoil her marriage plans. A prospective bridegroom and his family visited them on Sunday and the families were to finalise the wedding on Thursday.Residents said the balcony, like other parts of the 'N' block building, had developed cracks a couple of years ago. Tamil Nadu Slum Clearance Board (TNSCB) officials said they realised that the building had become dangerous and served notices on the residents, asking them to leave the building six months ago. Occupants stiffly resisted the move to clear out the building and refused to leave unless they were provided with alternative accommodation.Saroja's daughter Kumari said the family and neighbours had filed several complaints about the decrepit building. \"The recent showers made the condition of the building even worse,\" she said.Officials blamed the residents, saying they refused to vacate their houses for renovation of the building. \"This was an accident waiting to happen,\" a Tamil Nadu Slum Clearance Board official said.The managing director of TNSCB, V Chandrasekaran, said the board could do nothing to help the residents because they refused to budge from the building for renovation and maintenance work. \"We will take adequate measures to ensure that buildings developed by the board are safe,\" he said.Babu, a resident of Otteri, said officials neglect the buildings till an accident occurs. \"There are several cracks all over the building but the board has not taken any step to fix the problem,\" he said.The Secretariat Colony police registered the case as an accidental building fall.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15499452", "title": "Land assured for fluoride centre", "text": "HYDERABAD: State government has assured officials of the Union ministry of drinking water and sanitation that the land needed for setting up a regional fluoride mitigation centre (RFMC) would be identified either in Hyderabad or on the outskirts.Earlier, the Centre proposed to set up the RFMC in Nalgonda district for which an extent of 53 acres had also been reportedly identified by the state government. In the meeting that took place on August 7, it was, however, felt that the state capital was the ideal place for such an important centre.On August 7, D Rajasekhar, deputy advisor, ministry of drinking water and sanitation, met officials of the panchayati raj department and apprised them of the need for setting up a regional fluoride mitigation centre and the land requirement.People from fluoride-affected districts in Kerala, Karnataka, Tamil Nadu, Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh, Odisha, West Bengal, Assam and Andhra Pradesh will benefit from the proposed RFCC. The centre will have facilities for rehabilitating patients affected by fluorosis, training of personnel to identify those affected by the problem, laboratories for carrying out tests, etc.Arjun L Khandare, deputy director, Food and Drug Toxicology Research Centre (FDTRC), National Institute of Nutrition said that a detailed plan was drawn up for the setting up of the centre. Once the place was finalised, work on the centre would begin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15499343", "title": "Six of a family killed in road accident", "text": "HYDERABAD: Six members of a family were among 14 persons killed in different road accidents in various parts of the state on Tuesday. Six persons, including two women and a six-month-old baby girl, were killed when the car in which they were travelling turned turtle and fell into a stream at Manepalli near Sriparru in West Godavari in the early hours. Police said the accident took place when the driver lost control while crossing a causeway. The car overturned before plunging into the waters. One person travelling in the car survived the accident. The victims were on their way to Bhujabalapatnam from Eluru. The deceased were identified as members of Kalyankrishna Varma family of Krishna district.A site engineer was mowed down while five coolies from Bihar suffered serious injuries when a speeding lorry lost control and ran over them at Racharlapadu culvert in Kodavaluru mandal in Nellore district. Engineer Narayana Reddy was overseeing the works on national highway. Two pilgrims coming back from Tirupati died and five others were injured when the jeep they were travelling in was hit by a speeding truck at Kotakandukumetta near Allagadda town in Kurnool district. Three persons died and 12 injured when the mini lorry in which they were travelling lost control and overturned at Kutagulla of Kadiri mandal in Anantapur district. The injured were rushed to Kadiri hospital where the condition of three of them is critical.Two auto passengers were killed when a speeding car collided with the three-wheeler on the national highway at Ambaripet in Nandigama mandal in Krishna district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15499503", "title": "Shivraj govt's Independence Day bozanza for employees; Fly high", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh state government employees have more reasons to celebrate this Independence Day with gusto. They just got a pay hike and many would now have the privilege to fly for official work. Previously, only officers of the rank of secretary and above were entitled for air travel.Now, employees with a basic pay of Rs 7,600 and graded as class A officers will be entitled to fly for out of the state for official business. Employees with a basic pay of Rs 6,600 and above will be entitled to fly with private operator flights within the state.On the eve of the country's 65th Independence Day, the Shivraj Singh Chouhan government gave a surprise reward to state employees by implementing some of the major recommendations of the pay commission. They include increase in house rent allowance, daily allowance, conveyance allowance, special allowance for employees posted in tribal scheduled areas, meals allowance, uniform allowance for those in the police force, jail and forest departments.House rent allowance will be implemented with retrospect from November 1, 2011 while the other benefits will be provided from August 1 this year. The state government exchequer will have to incur an increased expenditure of Rs 700 crore including the arrear payments to execute the new salary structure this fiscal year.Those with an annual salary of Rs 7 lakh and above will now get 10% of their basic salary as house rent allowance. Previously, an employee with a salary of Rs 25,200 received only Rs 800 as house rent allowance. Now he will get Rs 2,520 which amounts to an increase of Rs 1,720, a hike of 315%,'' explained minister of state for general administration, Kanhailal Agarwal.Employees with annual salaries of Rs 5 lakh and upto Rs 6.99 lakh will receive 8% of the basic as house rent allowance. Annual pay packets between Rs 2 lakh to 4.99 lakh will get 5% while those between 50,000 and Rs two lakh will receive 4% of their basic as house rent allowance.Police, jail and forest personnel will continue to have the privilege of living in free government accommodation. However, those employees of these departments who live in their own accommodation will be given an allowance raging from a minimum of Rs 908 to a maximum of Rs 1,254 depending on their basic pay scale and rank in the force.Conveyance allowance has been increased by 200% to 350% depending on the pay scales,'' minister of state Kanhaiyalal Agarwal said. 'The daily allowance for employees on travel has also been increased by a margin of 25% to 208%. Sanctioned expenditure for hotel accommodation during outstation official work has been increased from the range of Rs 200 to Rs 3,000 per day to a minimum Rs 500 to Rs 4000.''Policeman who received Rs 800 to Rs 2,400 (depending on rank and pay scale) for his uniform will now receive between Rs 1,200 to Rs 3,600 towards the same allowance, the minister added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "15499431", "title": "Heavy inflows revive kharif hopes", "text": "GUNTUR: The state government has decided to wait for another week before announcing the contingency plan for the kharif following reports that Srisailam reservoir is receiving huge inflows. With that, chances of releasing water for the crops under Krishna delta have also revived.As per the original schedule, the government set August 15 deadline to go for the alternative crop plan keeping in view of the poor water reserves. With the water situation now slowly improving, the state government is likely to ignore its proposal on contingency action plan and allow the farmers to go with regular crop pattern.\"It is still a catch-22 situation as we need at least 40tmc of water to support the kharif in Krishna delta, which we need to receive in surplus of the present 132 tmc stored in Sagar as we are not supposed to release from the present reserves,\" said a senior irrigation official. The state government stopped water releases to delta both from Nagarjunasagar and Srisailam as the court asked to maintain a minimum level of 834 ft at Srisailam and 510 ft at Nagarjunasagar.Water level, which dipped to 790 ft at Srisailam last week, is rising constantly as it reached 809 ft by Tuesday thanks to the heavy inflows from the upper Krishna projects in Karnataka. Irrigation officials were confident of receiving huge inflows from the upstream as the local catchment area of Srisailam too witnessed rains. According to sources, the government will start releasing the waters to the downstream (Nagarjunasagar) soon after the level at Srisailam reached 834ft and not wait for the project to reach FRL (Full Reservoir Level).\"Farmers would require water during the transplantation and the government would take a final call on water releases after getting sufficient reserves at Sagar,\" Sarathchandra Reddy, chief engineer, Nagarjunsagar, told TOI. He said that although rains seemed to have receded in Karnataka, the leftover in the river stream is likely to flow into Srisailam at least for next 10 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "15499092", "title": "Sun rise brings hope to Gondia farmers", "text": "GONDIA: After unabated wet spell and cloudy whether for 15 days, there was bright sunshine in Gondia on Tuesday, which is much needed for paddy crop.People living in low lying areas were fed up of persistent showers since July 27 and the cultivators were also worried because sun light is necessary for paddy crop after satisfactory rains for healthy growth of the crop.Otherwise the crop becomes prone to insects. Although the rainfall is good, the stock of water in main reservoirs of the district is not satisfactory.The average rainfall from June 1 is 74%, with 841 MM in Gondia, 765 MM in Goregaon, 730 MM in Tiroda, 670 MM in Arjuni Morgaon, 673 MM in Deori, 738 MM in Amgaon, 702 MM in Salekasa and 702 MM in Sadak Arjuni.However, the water stock in four major reservoirs in the district - Itiyadoh, Pujaritola, Sirpur and Kaliasarad is 63% of their average water levels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "chnadigarh", "code": "15502244", "title": "Next I-Day, listen to Vande Mataram from world's highest private FM channel", "text": "CHNADIGARH: Next year when you take your tired souls for a Freedom's Day off to the numbingly cold and high barren landscapes of Leh, get ready for more adrenaline rush as you listen to some seminal music aired directly from the radio stations playing on your earphones.The Ministry of Information and Broadcasting has listed 15 new private FM channels in Jammu &amp; Kashmir -- including 3 in Leh -- among the 839 channels to be auctioned under its FM-Phase III policy.In an exclusive interview with the Times of India last month, Ambika Soni shared her ministry's plans to take adequate steps to commission the local talent in remote and border areas of India.\"When the auction for private FM radio takes place this year, Leh will be among the few border cities to get its first private channel too, making it the world's highest private FM station\" she said, with a smile on her face.At present, only public broadcaster All India Radio run by Prasar Bharati has its FM station in Leh.Located at 11,800 feet above sea level, the station in 2008, was linked to low power transmitters at Nyoma, Khaltsi and Diskit regions of Leh.Besides Leh, Kargil and Poonch are also slated to get 3 private FM stations each.To bid for an FM radio station in such cities in border areas with a population less than one lakh, the reserve price shall be just Rs five lakh.To be eligible for the bidding, a sum of Rs 50 lakhs is also required as a minimum net worth and company owned by an individual or a group of individuals must be registered in India under the Companies Act, 1956.The government is also planning to fortify Prasar Bharati's reach in such areas as well.Soni said that a sum of Rs 110 crore had been granted by PM for erecting up transmitters and for adding manpower at Prasar Bharati offices in these regions.\"We have been on regular correspondence with the Indian Army to provide retired personnel for both security and engineering,\" she said.So, far, 3500 retired Army personnel have already been recruited for these regions.\"We first star with Rajkot and then move on to Ferozepur and so on\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15498667", "title": "623 nabbed, fined 68L for vehicle overloading", "text": "MUMBAI: Wadala and Andheri RTOs conducted raids on truck and tempo overloadingof trucks and tempos in Mumbai in the past one month. 623 offenders were nabbed and were fined Rs 68 lakh in one month.While the Andheri RTO caught 383 persons for overloading goods and fined them Rs 38.54 lakhs,the Wadala RTO caught 240 offenders from whom Rs 30 lakh was recovered.Said a RTO official from Andheri, \"We had swapped our inspectors with those from Nagpur RTO. The officials from Nagpur were new to Mumbai and there was unbiased checking of all trucks and heavy goods vehicles entering and leaving the city. It is the highest collection of fines for overloading cases in a month.\"The RTOs across the state conducted checks on overloading of goods and have collected at least Rs 5 crore in fines and booked several thousand offenders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15502806", "title": "Independence Day: Security beefed up in West Bengal for celebrations", "text": "KOLKATA: Security has been beefed up in West Bengal in view of Independence Day celebrations, with the main function slated to be held at Red Road instead of the state secretariat.\"Chief minister Mamata Banerjee would take salute during a march past at the Red Road instead of hoisting the national tricolour at the state secretariat like previous years,\" panchayat minister Subrata Mukherjee said during a media briefing.The tricolour at the state secretariat would be unfurled by Subrata, a practice usually carried out by the state chief minister.\"Earlier, people's participation was almost nil during Independence Day celebrations. Now people will be able to take part as on Republic Day,\" Mukherjee said.\"The previous government failed to give due honour to Independence Day celebration, but we want a change from this year,\" he said.State home secretary B Banerjee said both city and state police, besides members of civil society, social organisations and school children, would be participating in the march past tomorrow.As a routine measure, high alert has been put on all vital installations of the state to prevent any untoward incidents.Border guards have also been asked to maintain strict vigil along the international boundary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15498957", "title": "BSP moves HC, challenges renaming of eight districts", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Bahujan Samaj Party on Tuesday moved the Lucknow bench of Allahabad high court seeking restoration of names of eight districts and some memorials and parks. Admitting the petition, the court directed the state government to file counter affidavit within two weeks. The matter will come up for next hearing on September 10.The Samajwadi Party government on July 13 changed the names of eight districts which had earlier been named by the BSP government after dalit icons. It also renamed a Urdu university named after Kanshiram and a park named after Ambedkar. Challenging these decisions, BSP national general secretary Swami Prasad Maurya and state president Ram Achal Rajbhar moved a joint petition seeking restoration of names given by the BSP government.Appearing on behalf of the petitioners, senior advocate and BSP MP S C Mishra argued that the decision of the state government was politically motivated and it was acting with vengeance against BSP. The petition sought quashing of July 13, 2012, notification whereby the state government changed names of eight districts -- Ramabai Nagar, Jyotiba Phule Nagar, Mahamaya Nagar, Chattrapati Shahuji Maharaj Nagar, Bheem Nagar, Prabuddha Nagar, Panchsheel Nagar and Kanshiram Nagar districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15497705", "title": "Budhi Kunderan was as tough as they come", "text": "Everyone has a dream, something that they wait for all their lives. For an aspiring cricketer it is to get selected in a Test team. What do players do the night before their first match? Most players don't even get enough sleep when their dream is about to be realized. What do they do that night? What do they think and imagine as they twist and turn in bed?Half a century ago, a man went through all of the above. He was to play his first Test against Australia the next day. But he didn't have the luxury of a room where he could imagine what all he would do come the next day. He lived in a room of a chawl in Bazaar Gate with six siblings, most of them sleeping outside the room.He took his pillow and bed-sheet and walked towards a gymnasium on the way to Bombay Gymkhana from VT. The parapet of its garden formed his bed. There was no fan for comfort, but there were mosquitoes around and stars above for company. But he knew which one to give importance to. (Local players weren't put up in hotels those days.)The sun rose and the night didn't matter. Budhi Kunderan was one of the best 11 cricketers in the country playing against Australia. He kept wickets for 148 overs in the Test match and never complained that he had to sleep in the garden for all the five nights of the game.Kunderan was an attacking batsman and a flamboyant wicketkeeper who took brilliant catches. He loved taking the attack to the opposition and was never ever bothered by their reputation. Coming from a poor family with two brothers (youngest of the lot is Bharat who too was a decent cricketer) and four sisters, Kunderan did not even own a pair of gloves, bat or pads when he represented India.The man whom he replaced in the Indian team, Naren Tamhane, was sporting enough to lend him his gloves while his club Fort Vijay provided him bat and pads. Since he didn't have a cap, Behram Murzban, principal of the Bharda high school gave him the school cap. He played the match with his school cap instead of the India cap.Kunderan played all his early cricket in Bombay but with Naren Tamhane already established as a wicketkeeper in the Bombay Ranji team, he chose to join Western Railways. It turned out to be a good move. When he went for the selection trials for Indian Railways, the chief Indian selector Lala Amarnath was impressed with his talent and Kunderan was selected to play for India even before he had played a single first-class game. Later he scored a double hundred on his Ranji debut.In the Bombay Test against the West Indies in 1967, he scored a brilliant 79 with 15 fours against the likes of Wesley Hall, Charlie Griffith and Garry Sobers. The faster they bounced him, the quicker the ball disappeared.Bapu Nadkarni says, \"In the 1963-64 series against England, he scored 500 runs including two centuries. When he came in the team as a last-minute replacement for the injured Engineer in the Madras Test, he scored a brilliant 192 against a very good English attack.\" Incidentally, his 500 runs in the series and his 192 remains a record by an Indian wicketkeeper even after 48 years.Budhi was a contemporary of Ajit Wadekar. They joined State Bank of India together. Says Wadekar, \"Though he was struggling with his personal life staying in one room in Baazar Gate, he never mentioned anything about it to us. He was a brilliant batsman. Once when we (Shivaji Park) were chasing 400-odd runs against CCI in the Police Shield, Budhi opened and attacked the bowlers and got a quick hundred. Standing in the slips I watched him closely keeping wickets to Baloo Gupte and Sharad Diwadkar on turning wickets. He was brilliant. He certainly deserved to play more Tests. He was a perfect team man.\"Unfortunately, he was diagnosed with lung cancer in October 2005. There are so many stories of people who fade away suddenly. To always give a reason for it is difficult. Budhi Kunderan was one of those people. He came on the scene with all his personal problems withstanding. Next time, you think life is tough, think about the man who played his first Test with mosquito bites on his body while sleeping in the garden.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15499526", "title": "Fake currency being pumped through Nepal, Bangla borders", "text": "VARANASI: The counterfeit Indian currency (CFIC) `exchange points' to pump it into India to destabilise the country's economy have returned to the old gateways on Nepal border after a gap of several months.The increased frequency of the detection of modules collecting CFIC from Nepal to circulate it in the country is sufficient to reveal this fact. Within a week, three cases of CFIC recoveries have come to light with the arrest of agents engaged in running such currencies in the downtown markets of Varanasi, Ghazipur and Chandauli districts. SSP BD Paulson said that counterfeit currency was brought here through Bhairva border.Agencies like Directorate of Revenue Intelligence, special task force and anti-terror squad, which had made huge recoveries of CFIC by the end of 2010 have no achievement to show on this front. It is surprising. Before 2010, the same agencies had played key role in busting many gangs operating from Nepal and Bangladesh to pump CFIC in India to destabilise its economy.The gangs were almost in a state of hibernation in 2011. In December 2010, the local unit of DRI had succeeded in nabbing four youth from Aligarh and Hathras districts with a huge consignment of fake currency on Dhaphi by-pass and recovered six bunches (each of 100) of CFIC in the denomination of Rs 1000 and 468 notes in the denomination of Rs 500. During interrogation, the arrested youth revealed that they received the consignment of CFIC from Farakka in West Bengal , where it had reached via Bangladesh border.This revelation had made it clear that the gangs engaged in pumping in the CFIC in India from Nepal had shifted towards Bangladesh. The reason behind this shift was the successes of the agencies like DRI, ATS and also the police as most of the modules active in collecting CFIC from Nepal and circulating it in the local markets had been exposed. The sources revealed that the practices like pumping in CFIC in India was mainly continuing from Birganj and Nepalganj (both in Nepal) and Siddharthnagar.The gangs enjoy patronage of underworld don Dawood Ibrahim. These were instrumental in smuggling CFIC from Nepal. After the arrest of Yunus Ansari, the underworld don Dawood Ibrahim's commander in Nepal and son of ex-Nepalese minister, by the Nepalese police on January 2, 2010, the entry of CFIC through Birganj in Nepal was checked for few months. Before the arrest of Ansari, one more commander of D gang, Majid Manihar was eliminated in October 2009. Another commander Parvez Tanda, operating through Siddharthnagar, was also killed in December 2009.Despite these developments, the pumping of CFIC could not be checked completely. It became clear when the ATS nabbed two persons in Ghazipur district in October, 2010. The revelations made by the arrested persons made it clear that such practices had not been stopped at the borders like Bhairva and Sonauli. The fresh achievements of police are also making it clear that gangs based in Nepal to pump CFIC in India have intensified the malpractices again.DIG A Satish Ganesh said that all the SSP and SPs of all districts have been alerted while junior cops would also be sensitized to increase vigil on the modules engaged in circulating counterfeit currency in local markets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "15499309", "title": "Monsoon's the best time to catch pit vipers in action, say zoologists", "text": "KERI: If one wants to catch a glimpse of the fascinating pit viper in Goa, zoologists suggest that the best time to catch them in action is during the monsoon. Research by zoologists-Nitin Sawant and Trupti Jadhav and associate professor at the Goa University S K Shyama-at five wildlife sanctuaries in Goa between 2005 and 2009 has proved this fact true.The research was limited to three prominent species of the crotalinae-the hump-nosed pit viper, Malabar pit viper and bamboo pit viper. There are nine species of pit vipers found in India but only three species have been recorded in Goa.The pit vipers are a subfamily of venomous vipers and are distinguished by a heat-sensing pit organ located between the eye and the nostril on either side of the head.\"All the three pit viper species showed a specific habitat preference and their abundance changed with each season. They were most abundant during the monsoon,\" Sawant says, adding that this was probably because of \"low temperatures and high humidity\".Wildlifer Rahul Alvares from Parra-Bardez says, \"Malabar pit vipers are usually nocturnal but are also seen during the day in the monsoon. They are usually found on low bushes, trees and near stream edges. They are endemic to the Western Ghats.\"Research shows that during the summer and winter, they are found in areas with water bodies, in cashew plantations and are restricted to patches near moist areas.The research revealed that all the three species were distributed at Cotigao, Mhadei, Netravali and Bhagwan Mahaveer wildlife sanctuaries and the Mollem national park. Bondla Wildlife Sanctuary did not record the presence of these pit vipers. Sawant attributes this to \"anthropogenic activities in and around the Bondla sanctuary\".Ramesh Zarmekar from Surla-Sattari who has been studying pit vipers since 1998 says, \"The jungles of the Mhadei wildlife sanctuary provide an excellent habitat for these three species of pit vipers. However, various disturbing forces are posing a threat to their habitat.\"Sawant agrees, \"Human disturbances have affected the presence of these snakes. The three species remain camouflaged in their habitat and move very rarely exhibiting ambush behaviour. \" Zoologists say that increasing mining activities and encroachments inside forested areas have resulted in the habitat fragmentation of pit vipers.Wildlifer Amrutsingh, who has rescued many a pit viper in Goa, says, \"The pit organ is of great value to these snakes as it helps them hunt their prey at night, as also to keep away from predators.\"All three pit vipers are viviparous-the females give birth to living young that develop within the mother's body rather than hatching from the eggs. They normally feed on birds, geckos, lizards and rodents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15500167", "title": "Advertisements for emu farms continue despite crackdown", "text": "TRICHY: The number of complaints from emu farms investors is expected to rise in the next few days, in addition to the nine complaints already received in the Economic Offences Wing (EOW) in Trichy. But surprisingly, there are a few companies still advertising to attract investments from new customers.As many as nine investors, lured by attractive emu farm schemes, have lodged their complaints with the EOW against Susi Emu farms. The complaints started pouring in from last Saturday, in the wake of the closure of some emu farms. Investors said they had invested Rs 23,49,000 in the company for emu breeding. But although, those who invested a year back almost got the dividend, people who invested a few months ago could not get the returns.As per their statement, the company cheated them of Rs nine lakhs,\" said V Manthiramoorthy, DSP, EOW, Trichy. \"We have registered only one case based on the nine complaints against a single company. However, we have information that around 80 more investors from Thuraiyur taluk are preparing to lodge complaints against some other emu farms. Most of them invested the money through a teacher Manoharan from Thuraiyur, who is still absconding. Some of them directly paid the amount to the company in Perundhurai in Erode. So their complaints can only be accepted there. The investigation with the investors revealed that they invested the money that was 'hard-earned' through 100 days work,\" he added.However, the hue and cry raised by the investors and the subsequent police action against the emu farms has not stopped some new farms from Namakkal area from advertising their schemes to attract new investors. On Tuesday, a private EMU farm from Namakkal published an advertisement stating that they were different from the controversial emu farms and that the investors could trust them. Moreover, they come out with a new idea of investing on hens as well. When TOI contacted a woman representative of the company, she said that they would be opening an office in Trichy on August 17.Meanwhile, a Trichy-based human rights organization on Tuesday, staged a day-long fast against the emu farms that cheated the investors. They strongly condemned the actors appearing in advertisements endorsing the schemes and demanded the police to initiate criminal action against them if they continue to do so.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15499427", "title": "Dutt: Wasn\u2019t friends with Dawood", "text": "NEW DELHI: Five years after Sanjay Dutt challenged his conviction under the Arms Act in a 1993 Mumbai blasts-related case, the Supreme Court on Tuesday took up hearing on the appeal by the actor, who said he had panicked after riots in the city and procured arms and ammunition, but his action had no link whatsoever with the bomb blasts.Sanjay's counsel, senior advocate Harish Salve, told a bench of Justices P Sathasivam and B S Chauhan that when the actor's action had nothing to do with either the conspiracy or offences related to the blasts, the TADA court should have separated his trial from those facing anti-terror law charges.Salve argued that trial in a TADA court robbed Sanjay of the common law benefits for an accused. \"This was a pure and simple act of panic which should have been tried under Arms Act,\" Salve said, clarifying that Sanjay had never claimed he was ever friendly with underworld don Dawood Ibrahim , the alleged mastermind of the serial blasts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15500449", "title": "Tough cookies will bake you a cake", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Next time you enjoy a cookie or a cake with tea at home or a pastry or pudding at a party, there could be a possibility that it was prepared in Model Jail, Burail village, here.Senior officials of the jail have proposed to set up a world-class bakery on the prison premises and the UT home secretary has already given a nod to it. The cops also mull to take the help of Sector 42 hotel management institute to run the bakeshop. With all plans in place, traders have been approached to supply raw material and tenders will be invited soon.\"After seeing the Tihar jail bakery last year, I decided to set up one here too. We are working on its blueprint and looking into the cost aspect,\" UT deputy inspector general Alok Kumar said.\"It will be mandatory for all inmates to work at the bakery. They will handle its different jobs on rotational basis. The project will not only act as a vocational training model, but also help generate revenue,\" he added. Much groundwork has been done to set it rolling. \"I have studied various models of successful bakeries in the country. We can make big by spending less in a city like Chandigarh. We took the feedback of prisoners... they showed keen interest in the venture,\" Kumar said.At present, a host of activities keeps the jail inmates busy. From furniture-making, cooking to writing for jail's newsletter and horticulture, they do it all to hone their creative skills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15498742", "title": "Labourer falls to death at building site", "text": "GURGAON: A labourer fell to his death from the fourth floor of an under-construction highrise on Tuesday morning in Manesar. Police lodged an FIR against the contractor over the alleged death by negligence.According to police, the incident took place in Manesar on Tuesday morning around 10am, when the labourers were working at a highrise under-construction site. The labourer, who fell from the fourth floor, was identified as 35-year-old Hiraman, native of Siwan in Bihar. After the fall he received multiple injuries and his fellow labourers rushed him to a nearby private hospital, where he died during the treatment.Manesar police lodged an FIR based on the complaint by labourers who alleged negligence by the contractor. \"We handed over the labourer's body to his relatives. The accused contractor will be arrested as soon as possible,\" said the investigator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15499105", "title": "Man kills himself after fight with wife", "text": "CHENNAI: A 44-year-old fruit vendor committed suicide in an inebriated condition at Ambattur Estate late on Monday night. Ganesan of Selliamman Koil Street set himself ablaze at his shop, after he picked up a fight with his wife earlier that night. Police said Ganesan fought with his wife when he found 400 missing from his pocket. Following the fight he walked out of the house. He left the shutter of his shop half-open, doused himself with kerosene and set himself on fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "15500405", "title": "China to relocate 3 lakh people for tourism plan", "text": "BEIJING: China plans one of the biggest relocation of people for a tourism project in Kaifeng City of Henan province, one of the country's ancient capitals.Around 300,000 people living in the old quarters of Kaifeng would be relocated for developing the Song Dynasty tourist site. It will cost $16 billion and cover an area of 200,000 square metres. The relocation will be carried out over a period of four years.The project is meant to showcase the city's cultural and historical background as one of the seven ancient capitals of China. Kaifeng drew 28 million tourists in the first half of this year. The local government expects to attract a lot more tourists once the new project comes up.The government made the relocation announcement months before it plans to start demolishing 5.80 million square meters of old residential areas of the city. The idea is to see if the project will face resistance.Chinese authorities have been forced to shelve a few industrial projects in recent months due to public outcry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15500468", "title": "\u2018Unattended\u2019, man dies at GMCH", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Kulwant Singh, 42, a patient from Jagadhri who was admitted to the Government Medical College and Hospital, Sector 32, on August 13, died on Tuesday allegedly after he was left unattended until late afternoon in the emergency.The relatives of the patient have filed a complaint to the hospital official alleging death due to medical negligence.The patient was an accident victim and was referred to GMCH.\"He was put on glucose and thereafter no one came to see him during the night,\" said Charanjit Singh, his nephew.However, refuting these allegations, Dr A K Janmeja, medical superintendent, said, \"The patient was monitored throughout and had come with severe head injury. However, we will look into the matter.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15499797", "title": "Cong loses only leader who could take on Pawar in Maharashtra", "text": "NEW DELHI: Vilasrao Deshmukh had been in political exile from Maharashtra since Kasab &amp; Co hit Mumbai, with each passing day posing a question mark over whether he was past his shelf life. But, on the day he passed away due to multiple organ failure, Maharashtra Congress leaders were unanimous that they had lost their only mass leader in the state.Rooted in rural Maharashtra, hailing from the dominant Maratha community and having an excellent equation with Bollywood and industry, Deshmukh was the go-to man for Congress in its tussle with Sharad Pawar's NCP. Insiders said the late leader was the reason why NCP remains a junior partner to Congress even a decade after Pawar broke away to launch his own outfit.In a measure of his importance in the Congress's scheme of things, party president Sonia Gandhi will be in Latur on Wednesday for Deshmukh's last rites along with political leaders from Maharashtra and the national scene.Deshmukh's exit raised questions about the party's fate in its turf battle with Pawar as his death has punched a hole in the heart of the party in the crucial state. His passing also impacts the Congress's battles with Shiv Sena .The former CM was credited with mass appeal across regions divided between Vidarbha, Marathwada and Western Maharashtra. While he hailed form Marathwada, his hold over panchayats and local bodies helped the party overcome the dominance of cooperatives controlled by Pawar.Congressmen conceded that Deshmukh's absence had created a void difficult to fill in the short-term. While appeal among masses was one factor about his importance, he was equally deft in managing resourceful business houses and movie stars. Deshmukh's star declined after 26/11 when he compounded an impression of being a non-serious administrator by taking filmmaker Ram Gopal Verma along with his actor son to Hotel Taj.But Congress was keen to keep him battle ready. While he could not be sent back to Mumbai, even after his replacement Ashok Chavan was removed over the Adarsh scandal, the party gave him pride of place in the Union Cabinet. The accommodation saw him once describe his portfolio changes as a \"game of kho-kho\".The void after Deshmukh's departure seems bigger because none of the wannabes has measured up to his stature. While Narayan Rane has failed to evolve, others have remained confined to their small turfs or are mired in scandals like Ashok Chavan in Adarsh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "kokrkhar", "code": "15498069", "title": "Fearing attacks, Assam labourers return home", "text": "KOKRKHAR: Fearing retaliatory attacks, many labourers from Assam, especially from the Bodoland Territorial Council area, have started returning home from cities and towns outside the state.According to information of railway employees at Kokrajhar station, about 1,000 people have got down at the station after the Mumbai violence in which Muslim protesters went berserk and set ablaze vehicles of police and journalists and injured many policemen. The incident sent shockwaves among the already frightened NE people, who according to them, receive threat calls from unknown numbers with a warning setting August 20 as the date to leave.Though the exodus is mainly from southern states of the country, there has been some trickle from Kashmir and Punjab as well. However, most labourers in Gujarat stayed back following assurance by security officials and authorities of respective companies.Talking to TOI, Thembra Brahma, a labourer who came all the way from Mumbai, said, \"Some of our friends, who were without tickets, have been stopped at Eluru railway station in Andhra Pradesh . Later, they were allowed to come back to Assam in two coaches amid tight security provided by the Railways.\"He added, \"There is a fear psychosis because of rumours spreading through SMSs that NE people would be driven out and August 20 is the date for doing so.\" Sources in the southern states said rumours are doing the rounds that Muslim miscreants would attack people of the northeast after Ramjan.Talking to TOI, Gajendra, a manager of a private company in Mumbai, said, \"All labourers from NE working in our company are safe as long as they remain within the campus of the company. We have our own quarters, premises with security arrangements. But when they go away from us on leave, we are not responsible for their safety and security. Therefore, we have tried to persuade them to stay back as the company without workforce is as good as being shut down.\"So far, a particular NGO has received 35 persons coming from Srinagar and Punjab, 22 from Pune and 400 from other cities, including Chennai, Mumbai, Bangaluru and Kerala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15499357", "title": "Private contractor to lift waste from South Goa planning and development authority's markets", "text": "MARGAO: A contract will be given to a private firm to take care of the daily garbage collection at the SGPDA wholesale fish and retail markets.This decision was made at Tuesday's South Goa planning and development authority (SGPDA) board meeting that was attended by chairman and Cuncolim MLA Rajan Naik, Margao MLA Digambar Kamat, Fatorda MLA Vijai Sardesai, Ponda MLA Lavoo Mamledar, Margao municipal council chairperson Arthur D'Silva, BJP leader Rupesh Mahatme and SGPDA member secretary Rajesh Naik.\"Both the markets will be kept clean and due attention will be given in improving the road connectivity and cleaning of drains,\" said Rajan Naik, adding that the waste management contract would be given to a private firm.Reacting to complaints of alleged illegalities such as encroachments in SGPDA jurisdictions, Naik said that they will seriously look into such observations and before the next meeting, action would be initiated against those found guilty.Naik also gave instructions that any complaints regarding the malfunctioning of the elevator at the SGPDA would be looked into immediately, when told that there were complaints that the elevator breaks down occasionally.In the first week of February, the high court of Bombay at Goa disposed the petition filed against the SGPDA, following its affidavit listing the measures taken to ensure cleanliness and maintenance of the two market complexes at Margao. SGPDA promised that both the markets would be monitored on a daily basis.The court disposed of the petition while giving directions to ensure hygienic conditions in the markets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15497974", "title": "Second Barapullah loop opens", "text": "NEW DELHI: Chief minister Sheila Dikshit inaugurated the second Barapullah loop connecting Lala Lajpat Rai Marg to the elevated road on Tuesday. At 11.15am, the access loop was opened to public by the CM in the presence of PWD minister Raj Kumar Chauhan.\"We have managed to save Rs 40 crore on the construction of Barapullah phase 1. The project had the cabinet approval for Rs 550 crore \u2014 Rs 475 crore for the construction cost estimate and Rs 75 crore for shifting services. However, the tender cost was done in Rs 435 crore, thereby saving a substantial amount,\" he added.\"A penalty of 10% of the project cost has been imposed on the contractors for delaying the loop. This will decrease the project expenditure further. Work on phase 2 will begin by January while the study for phase 3 is being conducted,\" Chauhan said.The opening of the access loop means that from now on, you can zip from Lala Lajpat Rai Marg to east Delhi on the Barapullah elevated road. The slip road above Sunehri Nala will act as an access point for traffic coming from ITO on the Lala Lajpat Rai Marg to the elevated road towards east Delhi.\"Those travelling from ITO along Lala Lajpat Rai Marg will be able to get on to the elevated road via a loop near Aman Hotel and can drive down to Sarai Kale Khan avoiding traffic on Ring Road,\" said a senior PWD officer connected with the project.Motorists can nowget on to the elevated road from east Delhi near Sarai Kale Khan to go towards south Delhi, or get on near Lodhi Road to go towards east Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15499453", "title": "Mines department shifts documents under police protection", "text": "PANAJI: After coming under immense scrutiny over the last several months due to the massive illegal mining scam in the state, the state mines and geology department has shifted documents from its office to safer custody.In a dusk operation conducted at around 7pm on Tuesday, documents-NOCs and challans-from the mines department were taken by police personnel in a police bus to a safe location.Prasanna Acharya , director of mines said the relevant files were being taken to safe location where they will be digitized. He said GRP personnel were requisitioned to ensure safety of the documents. The mines department is supposed to shift its office to new premises.The relevant documents are from the last five-six years, and the move of the mines department has the approval of the government, sources told TOI. Fearing that some documents may go missing in view of the department being under the radar for its role in the mining scam, the department was shifting the documents, they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15500697", "title": "Haryana bans gutka, pan masala", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Haryana government has prohibited manufacture, storage, sale and distribution of gutka and pan masala containing tobacco or nicotine as ingredients, by whatever name it is available in the market, effective Wednesday.Violation of these orders would be punishable. Haryana cabinet approved the proposal on July 20. Commissioner of food safety, Haryana, Dr Rakesh Gupta said that an order to this effect has been issued in the interest of public health for a period of one year.Gupta said that regulation 2, 3 and 4 of the Food Safety and Standards (Prohibition and Restriction on Sales) Regulations, 2011 made by the Food Safety and Standards Authority of India prohibits articles of food in which tobacco and nicotine are used as ingredients, as they are injurious to health.Tobacco and nicotine are widely used as ingredients in gutka and pan masala these days and It was expedient to prohibit these in Haryana, he said. Violation of the ban is punishable with imprisonment upto six months or fine upto Rs 1 lakh, Gupta said.Where contraventions result in non-grievous injury, the punishment may be upto one year and or fine upto Rs 3 lakh. In case of grievous injury, the punishment would be upto six years of jail term and or fine upto Rs 5 lakh and in the event of death, the jail term can be upto seven years or even imprisonment and or fine upto Rs 10 lakh, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "15499660", "title": "Nabard help for drought-hit farmers", "text": "RAJKOT: National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has stepped in to provide relief to water scarcity-hit farmers in Gujarat. It has come out with three policy level initiatives to help the farmers in state who are looking in the face of a crop failure, particularly in Saurashtra-Kutch region.A team of Nabard led by its chairman Prakash Bakshi visited three scarcity-hit villages of Tankara in Rajkot on Tuesday for an on the spot assessment of the situation. They went to Chattar, Harbatiyali and Hadala villages and interacted with members of the farmer co-operatives. The team later had a meeting with administrative officials.Stating that the situation in the region is far from satisfactory, Bakshi said that to mitigate the hardships of farmers, Nabard is considering a special line of refinance at 7.5 per cent to enable banks to finance farmers for cultivation and purchase of fodder. The scheme would be finalized in consultation with the state government. He further said that in case of additional credit demand by farmers for re-sowing, Nabard would consider sanctioning additional refinance limits to cooperative and rural banks.Bakshi said for rescheduling of crop loans on account of water scarcity, Nabard refinance will be available at the rate of three per cent less than the bank lending rates.\"Banks may consider providing additional finance to farmers for cultivation of alternative crops as suggested in the contingency plan of the state government,\" Nabard chairperson said. He further stated that his institution would be willing to join hands with the state government for building model schemes for efficient water management in Narmada canal area.Rajkot collector Rajender Kumar gave an account of crop damage in his district and outlined various measures being contemplated by state government to tackle the scarcity situation.He assured that the administration is keeping a close watch on situation and has already initiated proactive measures in the interest of farmers as per the contingency plan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15501990", "title": "Noida hotel land scam under previous SP rule under Allahabad high court scanner", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a setback for Akhilesh Yadav-led Samajwadi Party (SP) government in Uttar Pradesh, the Allahabad high court has appointed an advocate commissioner to look into allegations of sale of prime land in Noida to hoteliers at a throwaway price during the previous SP regime between 2004-07. The advocate commissioner will also look into the role of two top bureaucrats in facilitating the deals.A division bench comprising acting Chief Justice Amitava Lala and Justice PKS Baghel passed the order on a public interest litigation (PIL) filed by a social outfit challenging the appointment of IAS officers Rakesh Bahadur and Sanjeev Saran as Noida's chairman and chief executive officer (CEO) respectively. The petitioner has alleged that when SP supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav was the chief minister in 2004-07, Bahadur and Saran were respectively chairman and CEO of Noida and had facilitated sale of prime land at throwaway prices to hoteliers, which caused loss of thousands of crores of rupees to the state exchequer. It claimed that the officers were also accused of misappropriation of funds. A case was registered against the two officers, when Mayawati came to power in UP. They were also suspended by the then government.However, soon after the SP returned to power in March earlier this year, the Akhilesh Yadav government reinstated the two officers on the same posts despite the fact that investigation is pending against them. They are also facing departmental inquiry in which chargesheet has been filed. The petitioner alleged that the two officers can tamper with the evidences.The court appointed counsel Pradeep Rai as the advocate commissioner and directed him to submit a report on the alleged land scam and the role of the two bureaucrats. September 12 has been fixed as date of next hearing of the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15499142", "title": "2 cops' bail plea in drugs case rejected", "text": "MUMBAI: The sessions court on Tuesday rejected the bail applications of the two policemen arrested for allegedly trying to frame Salil Chaturvedi, deputy managing director of Provogue , in a 2005 drugs case.The officers were remanded in judicial custody till August 17. The state CID had booked the two cops-senior inspector Madhukar Gatade and investigating officer Subhash Kenjale-under various sections of the IPC.In 2009, a special NDPS court acquitted Chaturvedi of all charges due to lack of evidence and ordered an official inquiry into the matter. Chaturvedi also filed a complaint against the two investigating officers in the case Gatade, Kenjale and the constable who had recovered drugs from his residence, Ashok Bhosale.Gatade and Kenjale, formerly attached to the SantaCruz airport police station, were accused of planting drugs in Chaturvedi's house at the behest of another senior inspector. in 3,000-page charge sheet.Bhosale was given a clean chit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15497091", "title": "Neighbourhood problems may cancel Saarc summit this year", "text": "NEW DELHI: There may not be any Saarc summit this year. India's neighbouring countries, caught up in different crises, may find little space for Saarc in their calendar this year.Maldives, the current chair of South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (Saarc) plunged into a political crisis in February, with a somewhat questionable change of regime and is yet to stabilize fully. They are yet to convene a mid-year meeting of Saarc ministers. Given that last year's Saarc summit was held in November, sources said its possible that the meeting might be held around the time the year is up. In other words, the ministerial would happen around the time the summit should have been held.Nepal, which is the next chair, is in another state of crisis, with parliament dissolved, the Maoist party split and an all-pervasive political crisis taking hold in the country. There was a prospect that elections would be held in November but that too appears uncertain. This will make it very difficult for Nepal to host a Saarc summit before this year's end.The thirteenth Saarc summit in 2005 in Dhaka too had to be postponed by a few months after India said it would not attend one at an earlier date. During a particularly low period in bilateral relations with Bangladesh, India refused to participate at a February summit, asking Bangladesh to\" introspect\" after a spate of terror attacks, as well as the fact that the king of Nepal, Gyanendra, had imposed a state of emergency in the Himalayan kingdom.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15499493", "title": "DIG seeks report on missing Pak nationals", "text": "VARANASI: DIG Range, A Satish Ganesh has sought a report from the local intelligence unit (LIU) regarding 88 Pakistani nationals, who have been missing after arriving in the districts of Varanasi range.While holding a meeting with the officials of LIU and traffic department at his office on Tuesday, the DIG went through the list of the names of Pakistani nationals who went missing after arriving in the districts of range in past several years. He asked the LIU to launch a special drive and collect details on the present status of all such Pakistani nationals in 15 days and submit a report to him.The LIU was also directed to launch another drive of three days to dispose the process of verification in all the pending applications of passport seekers. He instructed to keep this process free from corrupt practices. The LIU was also directed to provide another report on the communal incidents that happened in the range in recent years. He said that the LIU officials would visit all the affected areas and prepare their report after analyzing the reasons of communal incidents.While addressing, he instructed the traffic police officials to identify all the accident-prone zones in order to initiate preventive measures including deployment of traffic cops to reduce accidents. They were also asked to identify the non-performers in traffic police in order to send them back to police lines. He asked the officials to detect tainted home guards engaged in traffic regulation exercises and black list them for two years. He said a desired improvement in traffic scene should become visible in a fortnight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15498533", "title": "Some northeast students plan to head home", "text": "PUNE: It is better to be safe than sorry, feel some students from the northeast who have decided to go back home till the situation calms downs. This, despite the students' Interim Forum's claims that students of the community were not planning to shift out of the city.Aboi, who refused to reveal his last name, works as a server in a popular eatery in Koregaon Park. He will leave for Manipur in two days along with 16 others. \"I will be leaving on August 17 and have informed my boss at the eatery that I would not report to work after that. Of the others, some are students while remaining are working professionals. Though we were not attacked and Koregaon Park is relatively safe, we cannot take a chance. In addition, our parents are also calling us back,\" said Aboi, adding that he will return when the situation normalizes.Another northeastern student, currently pursuing his BCom third year, in a city-based college, said on condition of anonymity, \"After hearing about the attacks, my mother, who is in Manipur, called me and asked me to leave Pune. I am expected to leave on Thursday. The situation here does not seem good,\" he said.The 24-year-old further said that he needs clarification about why innocent northeastern students were targeted. \"I feel as if we do not belong to India anymore. I thought we were free in Pune. We had friends here as well as relatives. But the attacks have left us all in shock. Prevention is better than cure and I want to leave before the situation worsens,\" he said, adding that he would return only if things normalize. \"My education will be affected but we can get education any time. Life is more precious,\" he said.Twenty-four-year-old Asong Danla, who works in an eatery in Wanowrie, said that he would leave on August 17. \"Returning will depend on how the situation is. But for now, I will stay with my parents in Manipur. I have informed my boss, who said that he will take me back if/when I return,\" said Asong.A few days ago, Asong had witnessed a boy from Nepal being beaten outside his eatery. \"Nobody could help him. The incident really scared me,\" said Asong.A 19-year-old, who is pursuing his third year in arts from Poona College, and was thrashed in the college campus, said, \"I will return to Manipur as I do not think it is safe here. My parents have asked me to come back and I may leave on Friday or Saturday. In addition, my landlord in Kondhwa has advised me to go home as he feels that the situation may worsen.\" He added that the current situation has affected his studies as he cannot go to college. \"I will return if the situation gets better. It is better to leave before I am beaten again,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "singapore", "code": "15499952", "title": "New tech lets you carry TV on tablet wherever you go", "text": "SINGAPORE: Do you hate missing out on your favourite TV show just because you had to rush out of the house? A new technology can now 'pull' the programme on your TV screen onto your tablet so you can watch it on the go!A scientist from Nanyang Technological University ( NTU) in Singapore has developed an innovative multi-screen mobile social television experience called the 'Social Cloud TV' . Wen Yonggang, assistant professor from the school of computer engineering has described his invention as the next frontier of TV experience as you can now \"bring social experience of watching television in your living room wherever you go\".The system allows you to watch TV programmes and online videos with your family and friends at the same time. The system leverages a cloud backend for media processing, such that the same video can be streamed into devices in the most suitable format. When viewing a television show or perhaps a live soccer match, you can invite family and friends to join your session, from either your phone book or social networking contact lists.\"You could watch a video with your class mates on the computer, and just before you leave school, 'pull' the show into your tablet and continue watching on the go. Upon reaching home, you could just turn on your TV and 'throw' the video back to the TV,\" Wen added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15499985", "title": "India willing to give asylum to Hindus from Pak", "text": "NEW DELHI: India would be open to giving asylum to Hindus from Pakistan if they ask for it. Some 250-odd Hindus have arrived recently and most are keen on seeking permanent residence in India as they fear persecution in Pakistan.India is \"surprised\" at the sudden influx of Hindus from Pakistan who have indicated that they will ask for asylum after arriving here for an annual pilgrimage or tourism visit, said government sources. In the past week, at least three batches of Hindus have come to India from Pakistan.Although they were made to sign documents promising to return before being allowed to cross into India, many of them have said they would ask for asylum here.If these Hindus approach the government \u2014 sources said they had not yet done so \u2014 it would be an inter-ministerial decision. However, sources said \"India does not generally turn away asylum seekers.\"The plight of Hindus in Pakistan has figured in Parliament with BJP leader Rajnath Singh forcefully raising the religious and human rights violations the community faces in the neighbouring country. He found the support of other parties with BJD's Bhartruhari Mahtab saying India should offer shelter to Hindus migrating from Pakistan. Mahtab said Pakistan has been unable to protect its minorities.Migration of Hindus an embarrassment for PakistanThe plight of Hindus in Pakistan figured in Parliament on Tuesday with BJP leader Rajnath Singh forcefully raising the religious and human rights violations the community faces in the neighbouring country.Punjab Congress has written to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh asking for government intervention to provide Hindus refuge from Pakistan. Mulayam Singh Yadav of SP said the issue should be dealt with on a humanitarian level and India should not stay silent.The latest group of 14 Hindus came via Attari on Monday, after 250 came over last week. They bring harrowing tales of harassment, violence and death at the hands of Islamists.These migrations are embarrassing to Pakistan. In his Independence Day speech, Pakistan army chief General Kayani made a pointed reference to the security of minorities. He recalled that in the original mandate, Pakistan was to be an Islamic welfare state. Without a specific reference to the Hindus, Kayani said minorities in Pakistan should be free to live and work and practice their faith without fear.The Hindus who crossed the border on Monday said they would flout their promise to return and would stay on in India. They alleged severe persecution, harassment, forced conversion, extortion and abduction and forced marriages of young girls by Islamist groups in Pakistan. The groups are mainly residents of Sindh and Balochistan. About 250 Hindus were briefly detained at the border by Pakistani authorities. They were allowed to enter India after signing a commitment to return, and told not to criticize Pakistan while in India.Government sources said these Hindus had been given visas like other regular Pakistanis, as this is generally the time of the year when they arrive on pilgrimage around Janmashtami.The issue is certain to feature in the discussions when foreign minister S M Krishna travels to Islamabad for talks with his counterpart Hina Rabbani Khar. In May, Krishna had told Parliament, \"It is the responsibility of the government of Pakistan to discharge its constitutional obligations towards its citizens, including those from the minority community.\" But the migrations might change the issue.The trials and tribulations of Pakistani Hindus came into limelight when a 14-year-old girl, Manisha Kumari, was kidnapped, forced to convert to Islam and married off. Earlier this year, Pakistan's Supreme court heard the case of three women , Rinkie, Asha and Lata, who allegedly faced the same fate. Last month, a 20-year-old, Sunil \"converted\" to Islam on TV, during Ramzan, to the delight of a cheering audience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15499089", "title": "Thakur's clean chit for Chavan", "text": "Adarsh accused R C Thakur on Tuesday virtually gave a clean chit to former CM Ashok Chavan , claiming that the society had decided to include civilians in 1999. This was a year before the June 2000 meeting, where according to the CBI, Chavan had recommended to the Adarsh promoters civilians be included in the society meant for defence personnel. Thakur claimed Adarsh had obtained CRZ clearance from the state urban development department in 2003.Questioned by the commission's counsel about a 1999 undertaking, Sharma said: Till the date of this undertaking or proposed society was only for defence personnel. Since we could not get allotment of land we decided to induct civilian members,'' said Thakur.Seema SharmaFormer CM Ashok Chavan's relative Seema Sharma on Tuesday told the commission that the family had surrendered all three flats. Chavan's mother-in-law late Bhagwati Sharma, his father in law's brother Madan lal Sharma and his brother in law's wife Seema were allotted flats in Adarsh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "15497879", "title": "Doner to launch capacity building programme", "text": "SHILLONG: The Union ministry of DoNER is implementing a programme to help people of the northeastern region acquire skills through its capacity building and technical assistance schemes.\"The basic aim of this scheme is to provide skills and competency for self-employment and employability and also to assist in providing any other specialized inputs required for human resource development in sectors that are critical for the development of the region,\" an official release issued here said.The target group of the scheme is northeastern youth with a special focus on those who have passed or failed in Class X with a special emphasis on rural and backward areas.\"The scheme focuses on making the poor youth ready for the job market. As the youth are imparted training in reputed institutions in various parts of the country, it promotes exposure and integration of NE youths to opportunities available in the rest of the country,\" the release read.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "15499382", "title": "15-day remand for Navy air station intruder", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The person who created a flutter by breaching the security at the Indian Navy air station, INS Dega, was remanded in judicial custody for 15 days by the court in Visakhapatnam on Tuesday.The efforts of the police to extract information from the trespasser went in vain as he refused to divulge any details about his antecedents. The unidentified person, aged about 28, had gained entry into the INS Dega in the late hours of Sunday. He was handed over to the city police by the naval authorities on Monday afternoon.The airport zone police registered a case under section 447 of IPC against him for trespassing the high secured zone.Before producing him in the court, the police questioned him. Sources said the police offered him sweets and fruits to create a friendly atmosphere. \"But he was a hard nut to crack and all our efforts to extract information came to a naught,\" an investigating official told TOI.Experts said usually trained persons would not reveal anything during interrogation and pretend to be mentally unsound. \"They try hard to get themselves admitted to hospital and plot their escape,\" a senior cop said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15497850", "title": "Number of rickshaws diminishing in Guwahati", "text": "GUWAHATI: The number of rickshaws in the city has dropped by 1,830 in the past two years as not many are willing to enter the trade.Rickshaws in the city are decreasing mainly because commuters prefer share taxis to rickshaws as they consume lesser time and the Guwahati Municipal Corporation (GMC) pointed the lack of separate lanes for slow moving vehicles ( SMV ).\"In Guwahati, separate lanes for the slow moving vehicles are yet to be constructed. After the administration banned plying of rickshaws in some of the busiest roads, the numbers of rickshaws in the city started falling. But at the same time, denizens are also preferring motor vehicles,\" said additional commissioner of the GMC, Mukul Gogoi.Official data of the GMC states that the number of rickshaws declined to 10,975 in 2011-12 from 12,805 in 2010-11.\"We are not increasing the permissible limit of rickshaws since it can cause more traffic congestion. Also, rickshaw pullers seem to be least interested in doing business in the city,\" said a GMC official.However, the residents of the small bylanes and streets are facing problems due to the lack of rickshaws. Machkhowa, Kachari and Bharalumukh are some of the areas in the city where adequate number of rickshaws were positioned once, but their numbers have drastically reduced now.\"While travelling in small bylanes, we face problems due to non-availability of rickshaws. Since share taxis do not ply in these lanes, the decreasing of rickshaws is not good for us,\" said Apurba Das, a resident of the Rajgarh Road.As the process of issuing new permits and renewing the licenses of existing slow moving vehicles is going on, a GMC official said the number of licenses to be issued for 1012-13 can reduce further.\"Drop in the number of slow moving vehicles in the city is affecting the revenue collection of the GMC. Last year, the GMC earned Rs 36,84,540 as revenue from SMVs, but this year the revenue collection is likely to reduce further,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15499432", "title": "Panel for details of cops' calls to Ravi Naik's son", "text": "PANAJI: The house committee headed by Nuvem MLA Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco which was recently set up to go into the drug mafia-police nexus has sought information of assets and call details of policemen right from superintendent of police downwards who were in the crime branch for nearly five years from 2007.Acting chief secretary B Vijayan, who is also the home secretary, and director general of police (DGP) Kishan Kumar, attended the meeting held in the assembly complex, besides house committee members Vishnu Surya Wagh, Michael Lobo, Caetano Silva and Lavu Mamledar. Legislative secretary Nilkant Subedhar and his team were also present.While all the members were tightlipped, sources told TOI that the committee has sought detailed information of the assets including immoveable properties besides investments in shares, insurance, etc, in the name of the police officials of crime branch and their family members. Importantly, the committee members asked the DGP to get call details of the phone calls made and received by the police men of the Crime branch since 2007. It is also learnt that calls made to/received from Roy Naik , son of the former home minister, if any, have also been sought.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15499808", "title": "Vanpic case: Dharmana quits, CM yet to accept resignation", "text": "HYDERABAD: Roads and buildings minister Dharmana Prasada Rao submitted his resignation to chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy on moral grounds late on Tuesday night following the CBI naming him as an accused in the Vanpic aspect of Jagan assets case. Sources said the CM tried to dissuade the minister from resigning and told him that the issue would be discussed at the cabinet meeting.Dharmana said he stood by all the decisions he had taken as revenue minister during the YSR regime and that he was confident that he would be proved innocent in the court of law. Dharmana said his decision to quit was a personal one and that he did not want to create any embarrassment to the government after the CBI chargesheet. \"I do not want to create any trouble for the chief minister at a time when the CBI is probing the case,\" he told waiting newsmen at the CM's camp office. After a marathon one-and-a-half hour meeting with the CM, Dharmana said he had submitted his resignation to the CM.Dharmana claimed that he had not committed any wrongdoing or took any decision that would embarrass the Congress and the government. Dharmana, who was accompanied by minister Ganta Srinivas Rao from the airport to the CMO, said he had decided to quit as a minister to uphold the values of the party. He, however, said the CM had not taken any decision on his resignation. Dharmana has not quit his MLA postEarlier in the day, in what appeared to be a concerted move, the ministers in the Kiran cabinet rallied behind Dharmana and pressed the CM not to accept the minister's resignation. Deputy chief minister C Damodar Raja Narasimha, home minister Sabita Indra Reddy, labour minister Danam Nagender and medical education minister Kondru Murali Mohan were amiong those who met Kiran Kumar on Tuesday morning in this regard. \"Many other ministers are under the CBI scanner in the various scams being probed by the agency. Accepting Dharmana's resignation would set a precedent and trigger a crisis for the state government,\" they told Kiran Kumar. This was echoed by social welfare minister Pithani Satyanarayana in Polavaram and tribal welfare minister P Bala Raju in Visakhapatnam, both of whom said that there is no need for Dharmana to resign merely because his name figured in a CBI chargesheet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15500471", "title": "Weather updates every hour today", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Chandigarh meteorological department will upload hourly weather forecast on its website www.chdmausam.com, so that the weather does not play spoilsport with the Independence Day celebrations, to be held across the city and people are able to make suitable arrangements to deal with the weather conditions. The department has predicted generally cloudy sky with possibility of thunder showers or light rainfall on Wednesday.\"The sun would continue to play hide and seek and there is possibility of some rain. However, keeping in mind the unpredictability of the weather conditions these days we will be making a special forecast on Independence Day for convenience of people organizing events,\" said Chandigarh's meteorological department director Surender Paul.The maximum temperature for tomorrow will remain close to 33 degrees celsius, where as minimum temperature would be around 26 degrees celsius. According to weather officials there might be light rainfall in the morning before 8am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "15498699", "title": "Youth found hanging in local train", "text": "THANE: A 25-year-old youth from Ambernath was found dead under mysterious circumstances inside a suburban local that was scheduled to start from Thane at 4pm on Tuesday.Police have identified the youth as Hitesh Naresh Sehgal and are probing the cause of the death. Sehgal was found hanging on the handlebar inside the second class compartment with a handkerchief used as a noose. The GRP said Sehgal, who worked in a private firm in Airoli, was tall and could not have hung himself to death using a handkerchief in a railway compartment. The deceased's relatives were summoned from Ambernath. Police are making enquiries with Sehgal's colleagues.The mystery death has surprised the government railway police as Sehgal was tall and could not hang himself to death using a handkerchief. The police have called his relatives from Ambernath and are making inquiries with his colleagues in a private firm at Airoli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15499202", "title": "Space crunch at new taluka police station", "text": "NASHIK: The taluka police station which started functioning at its new location near the central bus station from Monday, is facing a space crunch because of which the lockup and armoury has still not been moved from the former location.Police personnel at the Taluka police station who did not want to come on record said, \"We have been given six rooms, each less than 10 feet by 10 feet. One room has been allotted for the station house officer, one for the confidential department, one each for the senior police inspector and secondary police inspector, the other two are for the crime department and the wireless department.There is no arms and ammunition room, no lockup and no space for the baggage of nearly 55 employees. These are therefore still maintained at the old unit.\"The staff added that the new office served as servant quarters decades ago.The taluka police station which was originally located along Gangapur Road, opposite KTHM College, for nearly nine decades was relocated opposite Mela Bus Stand near Central Bus Station along Sharanpur Road, to make way for the new Nashik police commissionerate building.Since 1990, the Nashik police commissuionerate had been functioning on leased property leased by a Christian missionary on Sharanpur Road. Since the lease had expired a couple of years back, hunt for new land to build the new headquarters had begun.Meanwhile, since the police could not identify a proper land for the new commissionerate building, a decision was made to relocate the commissionerate to the plot on Gangapur Road, while the was decided to relocate the Taluka police station has now moved to its new location on Sharanpur Roadand construct the new police commissionerate building at its place.Although the taluka police station has been relocated, it appears in all the likelihood, that the actual construction work of the new commissionerate may take some time, considering that the fomer police station taluka police station has not been able to shift the lock-up facility, the strong-room and other important accessories due to its current space crunch. given the lack of space at the new office.Officials also pointed out that the very purpose of the taluka police station's jurisdiction is now nearly 12km away was serving considering that its jurisdiction starts at least 12 km away from its present location. Sayyad Pimpri that comes under its jurisdiction is 23 kms away while from the present location of the taluka police station, further Vilholi and Girnare are is also 12 kms and 25 kms away respectively. and Girnare is 25 kms away.About 22 villages come under the jurisdiction of Taluka police station and the official and employees of this police station often have to travel miles from their office in the event of a certain crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15498125", "title": "Gopal Kanda in disguise and changing locations", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Gopal Kanda, is roaming around Haryana disguised as a Sikh or a sadhu, according to police sources. But he may also cross over to a neighbouring country.He used to follow Geetika to the exam centre in Delhi University in the guise of a Sikh as he suspected that she was in a relationship with another man. Kanda, sources said, is now using the same trick to dodge the police, who are yet to trace his whereabouts. Kanda had switched off his mobile phones on August 7 morning.Police sources said Kanda is taking the help of messengers to pass on his directives to associates. He is sending out chits through at least six to seven messengers to give directives to aides. \"This is how he is planning strategy and changing hideouts,\" said a source in the Haryana police.Kanda, according to intelligence sources, is keeping away from Sirsa, his hometown. His house in Sirsa wore a deserted look on Tuesday and his neighbours said he had not come to the area after Geetika's suicide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15499355", "title": "Zoo authorities also gear up for Independence Day", "text": "KANPUR: The zoo authorities have geared up for the Independence Day. The zoo authorities have made special arrangements for Independence Day to cater to the visitors. As per the previous records, there has been huge influx of the visitors on the Independence Day. Keeping this in view the zoo authorities have planned to celebrate the day with much fervour along with visitors who would be coming there.\"The zoo authorities have completely banned use of polythenes inside the zoo premises. No visitor would be allowed to bring polythene inside the zoo campus. Also football, volleyball etc would not be allowed inside\", said K Praveen Rao, Director, Kanpur Zoo. \"We expect some 10,000 people to visit zoo on August 15. Last year also there was huge influx of the visitors. This is the day when we also get a lot of revenue,\" he further added.When asked how much revenue zoo would be able to gather on August 15 this year, Praveen Rao said that with the sale of the tickets its expected that we will be able to collect approximately Rs 3 lakhs.While talking about the security arrangements made in and around the zoo premises, Rao said that cops will be deputed at the entry gate of the zoo to monitor the visitors and to maintain law and order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "ulhasnagar", "code": "15500230", "title": "Brother of murdered woman claims he is getting threat calls", "text": "ULHASNAGAR: The brother of Bhavna Ahuja, Mahesh Chabariya , who is fighting to get justice for her murder, is being threatened by unknown persons. Manoj recently received threatening calls to not go to Delhi to oppose the bail of accused, Mahesh Ahuja, in the Supreme Court.Mahesh, the son of businessman Prakash Ahuja from Ulhasnagar, was arrested in April 2011 for allegedly killing his wife Bhavna Ahuja, 36. The ballistics report has proved that she was killed by firing from a long distance.Manoj, who has filed complaint with Central police, is now feeling unsafe himself. Since the last one year, Mahesh has been in judicial custody . Though he has applied for bail at the district court and high court, his bail application was cancelled.Recently, he had applied for bail to the Supreme Court, which is slated to hear the case on August 27. The court has taken the matter seriously and also asked the victim's family to submit an affidavit stating why Mahesh should not be granted bail.Manoj said, \"A person called from PCO booth, asking me to not go to Delhi on August 27.\" He further said, \"From the way he threatened me, it seems the Ahuja family is behind the calls.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15498784", "title": "Engineers threaten protest against UP government\u2019s move", "text": "LUCKNOW: A day after chief minister Akhilesh Yadav indicated that the power distribution of Kanpur could be handed over to Torrent after revenue assessment, employees and officials of different power distribution companies under the aegis of Vidyut Karmachari Sangharsh Samiti, on Tuesday, threatened to launch an agitation.The association has also reacted sharply against the decision to provide all possible help to the company which is already engaged in power distribution in Agra.The association in a statement said that engineers have been working to improve the revenue situation in the industrial city. Claiming handing over of Agra to Torrent has led to a big scam, the association demanded scrapping of the agreement.Power distribution of Agra was handed over to the company during the Mayawati regime amid wide protest by the employees who claimed that the arrangement would cause huge revenue loss to UP Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL). The basis of the claim was that the corporation was providing extra power to the city enabling the company to recover more than the agreement. The UPPCL, the association claimed, had been incurring loss of Rs 2.14 per unit while providing power to Torrent in Agra.\"Employees had, in fact, been hoping that the Akhilesh Yadav government would do away with the agreement,'' said president of the association, Shailendra Dubey. However, on Monday, after a review meeting Yadav told the officials to provide all the help to the company. The chief minister also indicated that even Kanpur electricity supply corporation (Kesco) may be handed over to the company after a due assessment.Insisting that officials of the power department were misguiding the chief minister, the association demanded time from the chief minister. Quoting revenue figures of the UPPCL in the last three years time, the association said that as per the agreement, the company would have recovered revenue for UPPCL at the rate of Rs 2 per unit for the financial years 2009-2010.However, the employees of Kesco recovered at the rate of Rs 2.30 per unit during the period. Likewise, the company would have recovered at the rate of Rs 2.40 per unit for 2010-2011, even as Kesco recovered at the rate of Rs 2.55 for the same period.Clearly, the performance of Kesco was better than what would have been the case otherwise if the agreement had been materialized.Meanwhile, the employees, under the aegis of Sarvajan Hitay Sanrakshan Samiti, began their protest against the Centre's move to bring in a constitutional amendment to pave way for reservation in promotion.The samiti also petitioned the Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha speaker terming the amendment 'dangerous' for a majority of voters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15500244", "title": "Mannat PIL activist went to child rights panel with SRK complaint", "text": "MUMBAI: The activist, who took the Wankhede fiasco involving Shah Rukh Khan to the Child Rights Commission last week, was behind the public interest litigation against the actor's bungalow , Mannat, on Bandra's Bandstand.The Supreme Court, however, had upheld the dismissal of the PIL against Khan's bungalow this March. The PIL was filed before the Bombay high court by two activists, including Amit Maru. Maru is the person who has now taken the Wankhede controversy to the Child Rights Commission.The commission has issued a notice to the police to send summons to the actor. The actor was involved in a public row with security guards employed by the Maharashtra Cricket Association at the Wankhede Stadium in May this year after Khan and some children accompanying him entered the ground after a semi-final victory over Mumbai Indians.The Mannat controversy ended in March this year after the Supreme Court upheld the Bombay HC verdict, dismissing the PIL and ordering the litigants to pay Rs 20,000 on the grounds that they had filed the PIL only for the sake of publicity.The PIL had alleged that Khan was constructing a multi-storey structure in his compound in violation of environment and heritage laws.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15500246", "title": "Bhawna crowned \u2018sawan queen\u2019", "text": "LUDHIANA: Students of Government College of Women celebrated the festival of swings soaked in traditional hues. Surjit Kaur Maluka, wife of education minister Sikender Singh Maluka, was the chief guest on the occasion.With the entire campus decorated with flowers, the college was submerged in festive hues.The rich culture of Punjab came alive through the ambience of the festival. The antique charkhas-chakkis, duries, phulkaris and mehndi stalls, were placed with an attempt to depicting a true picture of villages in Punjab.Dressed in traditional attires, the college girls danced to the tunes of folks songs and swooped in the air in decorated swings.Various stalls of bangles, jewellery, cosmetics, suits, shoes, gift items were displayed. Students enjoyed delicacies like kheerpuras, chat, boiled bhutta, pizza, manchurian, burgers, jaljeera and kulfi.The college students presented a colourful cultural programme which included giddha, tappe, sithneyan, suhag and Punjabi folk songs. A Punjabi beauty pageant was the highlight of the celebration, where young girls contested for the crown of Sawan Queen. Bhawna Sharma was adjudged the sawan queen.Speaking on the occasion, Surjit Kaur said, \"Teej festival is one of the most important festival of Punjab and the college is still associated with the old culture of Punjab.\"The first prize winners of various competitions organized at the occasion include, Rashu Chopra for sawan song, Swati Jain for mehndi competition, Sonali and Simarpreet Kaur for rangoli, Sarbhjit for pakhi, Manisha for crochet, Manveer Kaur for knitting, Harmindre Kaur for traditional jewellery and Harpreet for traditional dress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15498472", "title": "Haryana State Industrial and Infrastructure Development Corporation allots 3,900 plots, claims investment boom", "text": "GURGAON: An official release of the Haryana State Industrial and Infrastructure Development Corporation (HSIIDC) claims to have allotted 3,900 industrial plots /sheds in the last seven years, including several Industrial Model Townships (IMTs), industrial estates, etc. The department expects that this will catalyze investments over Rs 35,000 crore across the state.In order to tap the opportunities likely to be generated by the proposed Delhi-Mumbai freight corridor - that is being developed by the Ministry of Railways, covering a length of 1,483 km - around 150 kilometers on both sides was being developed as the Delhi Mumbai Industrial Corridor (DMIC), according to the official spokesperson of the department.The DMIC sub-region in Haryana covers about 29,362 square kilometers area, which accounts for about 66.4% of the total area of the entire state. HSIIDC had been made nodal agency for the development of various initiatives under the DMIC Project in Haryana.The official added, \"DMIC Consultants have submitted pre-feasibility reports for the early bird projects - Exhibition-cum-Convention Centre and Integrated Multimodal Logistics Hub. These projects would be implemented through joint-venture between HSIIDC and DMIC Trust/DMICDC.\"The Mass Rapid Transit System (MRTS) from Gurgaon to Bawal would be implemented through a special purpose vehicle (SPV), to be floated jointly by Haryana Mass Rapid Transport Corporation (HMRTC - agency of the state government) and DMIC Trust/DMICDC.\"The concept Master Plan of Manesar Bawal Investment Region (MBIR) has been finalized and the state has accorded administrative approval to the Concept Master Plan,\" added the official. The department also undertook on a pilot basis a project of developing industrial housing units at IMT Manesar to cater to the housing requirements of the workers.\"We propose to construct single dwelling units and dormitory at industrial estate Kundli, Rai, Barhi, IMT Rohtak, Faridabad &amp; Manesar, Phase-II, out of which work for construction of Industrial Labour Housing at Kundli was in progress. Construction work at IMT Manesar Phase-II had also commenced,\" the official added.Meanwhile, HSIIDC has signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with consortium of Japanese companies comprising Toshiba , Tokyo Gas &amp; NEC for building 'Smart Communities' or 'Eco Cities' in the DMIC region. The consortium selected IMT Manesar for a pilot initiative in this regard and pre-feasibility studies are underway.However, industrialists in Gurgaon-Manesar belt maintain that facilities as promised have yet to be delivered. Only last week the association of Manesar industrialists met the state power minister to apprise him of the deteriorating condition. Industrialists regularly complain to lack of provisions such as lighting, disposal treatment plants, power, etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "burnpur", "code": "15499277", "title": "Scolded by father, 14-yr-old kills self", "text": "Burnpur: Mystery shrouds the death of a Class-VIII student who committed suicide on Monday by setting herself on fire. The girl in her dying statement to police said she was scolded and beaten by her father over her affair with a local youth. Unable to tolerate the humiliation, she set herself alight. However, the victim's father alleged that they were hauled up by a kangaroo court for raising their voices against some eve-teasers which led his daughter to suicide.On Tuesday, he lodged an FIR with Hirapur police stating they were called to a kangaroo court on August 12. Some local toughs accused the father-daughter duo of falsely charging a few local youths of eve-teasing. \"While I was beaten up, they foulmouthed my daughter,\" alleged the father.Based on the complaint, police have rounded up four personswho presided over the kangaroo court. The main accused, Pradip Moira, a second-year student of a local college and his friends have gone into hiding, said police.\"My daughter was regularly eve-teased by Moira and his friends on her way to school. When she told me about it, I warned the boys. This did not go down well with them and they thus teamed up with some local toughs and humiliated us in the kangaroo court,\" said the father., a daily wage labourer.The 14-year-old Shyambandh resident poured kerosene all over her body and set it alight with a matchstick. Though she was rushed to Sail's ISP Hospital, she succumbed to her burns on Tuesday morning.ADCP (west) of Asansol-Durgapur police commissionerate, Subrata Ganguly, said that four persons were arrestedbased on the FIR filed by the teen's father. \"We have started investigations. As the victim's family did not lodge an eve-teasing complaint earlier, we are concentrating on the FIR,\" he added.Police said they are probing the girl's statement. They will also verify the call and SMS records of both Moira's and the girl's father. \"We will alter the charges as and when we get more clues during the probe,\" added police sources. The family members of those who have been arrested, too, claimed that Moira and the other accused were being framed by the girl's father. The alleged that the girl and Moira were in an affair since long.When the father got to know of it, he reprimanded her which may have led her to suicide.Hirapur police has arrested four persons after 14 year old class eight student, Ujjala Prosad, who have comitted suicide by pouring kerosine oil in her body and setting fire at Shyambandh area yesterday evening allegedly after she and her father have been scolded in a local kangaroo court on charges of accusing some boys for eveteasing her regularly.In his FIR lodged at Hirapur Police Station today, Manoj Prosad, the father of the victim has alleged that on 12 August some people have called him, his daughter and the boys in kangaroo court and scolded his daughter and beaten him. He had earlier warned the boys who used to regularly evetease his daughter while she used to go to school at Rambandh Adarshya Vidyalaya.Last night his daughter poured kersone and set fire. She was taken to Sail's ISP Hospital in Burnpur in a critical condition. Where she succumbed to her burn injuries here this morning. ADCP (west) of Asansol Durgapur Police Comissionerate, Subrata Ganguly told media persons that the girls father has lodged an FIR and so far four persons have been arrested. \" We have started investigations. But nobody has complained us about eveteasing before the incident,\"he added.Hirapur Police sources said that the four persons arrested have been present in the kangaroo court. The main accused, Pradip Moira, a second year student of a local college and his friends have been absconding. Police sources claimed that the girl in her dying declaration to the doctor said that he had affair with the boy and due to that her father scolded and betaen her. Out of frustration and shame, she comitted suicide. Police is also veryfying the call and sms details of the girl' sfather and the boy.The family members of the four arrested claim that the boy and the girl had a long time realtionship and used the exchange smses. The father of the girl came to know and scholded her. The accused have been falsely framed by the girl's father, they claimed.Law and judiciary minister Moloy Ghatak is not at all impressed upon the performance of the Asansol Durgapur Police Comissionerate. On 31 August the much hyped brain child of chief minister Mamata Banerjee , the Asansol Durgapur Police Comissionerate will complete one year but pressure has been mounting upon the state government for roll back and set up SP post for the proposed new Asansol Durgapur district. The bar association of Asansol and Durgapur has already rejected the police courts and after one year the metropolitan magistrate's court is yet to start.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15499647", "title": "Feasibility study on SCI-ONGC JV soon", "text": "KOCHI: A management consultant will soon be appointed to prepare a detailed feasibility report on the proposed joint venture between the SCI and ONGC to support offshore oil exploration. \"We hope the JV will become a reality in the near future, though I can't give you a strict time-frame,'' said S Hajara, CMD of SCI.There is enormous scope for stepping into offshore operations, which is one of the areas of diversification for the SCI. We will be participating in the entire gamut of the offshore operations, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15499132", "title": "After intelligence warning\r Rajasthan on high alert", "text": "JAIPUR: The entire state has been put on high alert ahead of the Independence Day on Wednesday.Following a terror alert for all airports, the Jaipur airport authorities banned entry of even labourers and similar staffers. \"Even the security personnel are being checked at the time of entry into the airport,\" said airport director Paul Manickam.The officer said that ever since a terror alert issued on September 6, security has been beefed up. Local police teams and ATS are carrying out security drill at the airport twice a day. The entry of visitors into the airport has also been prohibited.Commissioner of police B L Soni said that videography of every person entering and leaving the airport, bus stand and railway station are kept following the Pune blasts.\"We are conducting extensive checks at hotels, inns and other public places. Customers at hotels and inns are being screened and their owners have been asked to keep proper update of the records,\" said Soni.He added that elaborate security arrangements have been made at SMS Stadium where state-level programmes will be held for I-Day.A senior police officer said that the Indo-Pak border has been sealed and preventive arrests are being made throughout the state.A bomb hoax created panic in Udaipur city of Rajasthan on the eve of Independence day on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15500489", "title": "Mysore Race Club sure of lease renewal", "text": "MYSORE: The state government has not renewed the prime property leased to the Mysore Race Club (MRC) owing to opposition even as activists fighting against its renewal are continuing their battle.MRC chairman K A Muddappa on Tuesday said their plea for renewal is pending with the government. The political instability in the state is also a contributing factor for the delay on a decision. \"We had asked former CMs B S Yeddyurappa and D V Sadananda Gowda to renew the lease. Now we've met CM Jagadish Shettar, who has assured us to renew the lease for 30 years,\" he told reporters. The issue has been hanging fire for over two years as there are demands not to renew the lease and use the MRC for public purpose. The MRC is being used for races ever since it was leased out by the PWD in 1976. The lease expired on March 31, 2006, and the MRC had asked the government for renewal for 30 years. That the lease has expired and not been renewed since surfaced in April 2010 when the MRC and Jayachamaraja Wadiyar Golf Club (JWGC) started a tussle over the golf course, located next to the MRC at the foothills of Chamundi Hills.The then DC P Manivannan recommended to the government to shift the race course out of the city limits and convert it as a botanical garden. His successor Harsh Gupta started eviction process but was red flagged by Yeddyurappa. District minister S A Ramdas, too, was upset with the eviction process. When the PWD issued an eviction notice on December 7, 2010, to the MRC following a directive from Harsh Gupta, Yeddyurappa stepped in and stayed it. The status quo continues. When contacted DC P S Vastrad said the file is pending with the government. \"I've not received any communication from the government neither has the revenue department sought any information,\" he said. JD(S) MLA Sa Ra Mahesh, who is fighting against the renewal, said he has petitioned the CM and the chief secretary S V Ranganath. He said he has sought answers as to why MRC has not been evicted from the premises. The PWD acquired the land in 1976 for public purpose. It should be used be used for the same, Mahesh, who had filed a PIL in the high court which was dismissed, contended. The MRC has sub-leased the property to the JWGC, which is a violation. The government should not renew the lease, he said. Activist M Lakshmana, who has moved the SC filing a PIL, said it is pending before the apex court. Ramdas was not available for comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15499454", "title": "Boy beaten up with hot iron tongs", "text": "KOLKATA: A tea-stall owner on Tuesday thrashed a 10-year-old boy with hot iron tongs when the latter could not pay Rs 3 in coins for a cup of tea he bought for his mother. The boy was later admitted to Naihati hospital with serious burn injuries.Sabir, a resident of Garifa in Naihati of North 24-Parganas, had gone to the tea stall to fetch a cup of tea for his mother Tanima Bibi on Tuesday evening. Sabir paid a note of Rs 10 to the tea stall owner. As the cost of the tea was Rs 3, tea-stall owner Bikram Halder said that he did not have Rs 7 change at that moment. Halder asked him to come later to take the return.When Sabir went to Halder for getting his Rs 7 back later in the evening, Halder got infuriated and attacked Sabir with a hot iron tong. As the boy repeatedly urged him to return Rs 7, he hit him with the hot iron tong. Locals rushed to rescue the boy when he started screaming in pain. Sensing trouble, Halder fled from the shop and could not be traced till late night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15503094", "title": "'Grieving' Sylvester Stallone unable to cope with son's death", "text": "Sylvester Stallone hopes that time will heal the deep sorrow he feels over the tragic death of his son Sage.In his first televised interview since the July 13 tragedy, the 66-year-old actor called Sage's untimely passing a \"reality of life.\"\"It's tough, I mean, it's very, very tough,\" the New York Post quoted Stallone as saying on NBC's show 'Today.'\"But if you have good friends and your family's support, it's just something that's a horrible situation.\"But, you know, time hopefully will heal and you try to get through it. But it's just something that's a reality of life,\" he said.Stallone said this while being interviewed along with several of his 'Expendables 2' co-stars.\"It's important to get back and try to start re-living your life.\"Otherwise you can, you can go into a spiral,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15498796", "title": "Gutka users try hard to beat ban: FDA", "text": "Mumbai: Six weeks after the ban, the Food and Drugs Association (FDA) seized gutka worth around Rs 2.5 crores in the state. People have been finding new ways to stash tobacco and pan masala sachets, said the FDA.On the eve of Independence Day on Tuesday, public and administrative bodies came together to show their support for ban on gutkha and pan masala. Owing to the petition of gutkha manufacturers on the removal of the ban in Mumbai High Court, all the crusaders against tobacco abuse, appealed to the citizens to help the government by showing their support to the ban and help FDA by reporting illegal sale of gutkha and pan masala.\"Our main challenge was to see to it that the ban goes through the political system,\" said FDA commissioner, Mahesh Zagade. \"We have till now conducted many raids and nabbed gutka and pan masala worth Rs 2.46 crores,\" he said adding that the raids revealed that people store stashes of gutka in places where one wouldn't even suspect of storing. \"At a particular Suburban Mumbai society, we found one garage full of gutka packets worth Rs 60 lakhs.\"Enumerating the health risk that tobacco causes, Dr Rajan Badwe, director of Tata Memorial Hospital said that it affects every cell in a human body. \"We get 50,000 new cancer cases in our hospital every year. Out of these, about half are here only because of tobacco. Tobacco not only causes cancer, but also hypertension, heart attacks and strokes.\"Dr Pankaj Chaturvedi, head and neck surgeon at Tata Hospital said that only about two per cent of people consuming tobacco, are able to leave the habit.Devika Chadha, programme director of Salaam Bombay Foundation said, \"To ensure that the children of this country have a secure and healthy future, it is essential that they have no access to chewing tobacco products. It is also a well established fact that consumption of pan masala leads to addiction of chewing tobacco and hence we support the comprehensive ban on both the products.\"Till now, the FDA has to investigate areas on it's own. \"Though there is a toll-free helpline number in place for people to call and tell us about shops selling gutka or pan masala, we have hardly been getting any calls. Our community has been suffering from a combined amnesia and it is the people, who should force us to take action,\" said Zagade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "director", "code": "15504575", "title": "Ek Tha Tiger is paisa vasool entertainer!", "text": "Director: Kabir Khan Cast: Salman Khan, Katrina KaifSalman Khan is a species that invites admiration and applause in any kind of film format or movie genre. Off late we have seen enough of him in mindless comedies and inflated action flicks. But the Yash Raj banner and, more particularly, director Kabir Khan project him in a sober, suave and sensible way over his patented pedestrian image. And since the film follows a sane storyline over silly slapstick, one is able to appreciate and enjoy it better.In the prologue chase-sequence where he is introduced as an intelligence officer on assignment in a foreign country, Salman Khan escapes his opponents by splurging money in an open market and subsequently camouflages in the crowd that is busy pouncing on the currency. Be rest assured that what follows would be 'paisa vasool' entertainment.Tiger (Salman Khan) is an Indian intelligence officer who's sent by RAW to Dublin to keep an eye on a science professor. There he comes across Zoya (Katrina Kaif) and expectedly falls for her. Until it turns out that even Zoya is on an undercover mission. Now Tiger has to choose between duty and love.Aditya Chopra sketches his story on the unusual premise of what would happen if an Indian intelligence officer falls in love with a Pakistani spy. The conflicts in the love story come quite naturally through the animosity between the two neighbouring nations, prevalent for decades. On a broader level the film implies how love can overpower all inherent differences. Yet it never makes a very conscious attempt to sound preachy or positive about the state-of-affairs between the countries. Chopra's story is credibly crafted into a riveting screenplay by Neelesh Misra and Kabir Khan.At first instance, it seems like the love story is barging in the spy-drama. Until you realize that Ek Tha Tiger , largely, is a love story on the backdrop of an espionage thriller and not the other way round. Once we realize that, the romance track is never a hindrance. Rather the Indo-Pak spy couple lends the love story its uniqueness. Nevertheless there is no compromise on the spy setup of the film either. Director Kabir Khan commendably balances the love story and the spy drama, with each element taking precedence at different junctures in the film as per the requirement.The beauty of the film is that, though the protagonist goes against his establishment for a girl from a rival country, you still root for him. Their integrity towards each other makes you overlook the fact that the two spies went rogue. Thereby Ek Tha Tiger is more of a rooted romance tale over a mechanical spy-thriller. Where it scores above most Indian espionage flicks (including the recent Agent Vinod ) is that fact that though it frequently changes geographical boundaries, the narrative never wanders aimlessly.Unlike most desi actioners where the stunts are often exaggerated, convoluted and commonplace, Ek Tha Tiger boasts of some imaginative action sequences smartly choreographed by Hollywood stunt coordinator Conrad Palmisano. It isn't of the existing variety where a dozen goons go flying in the air by hero's one kick. Kabir Khan strikes a perfect balance between heroism and realism in this department. So the background score or editing patterns don't have to be overblown for the impact. The tram sequence in first half and the freeway chase in the second is sure to invite applause in cinema-halls.Despite a serious spy setup, the film has a very cool sense of humour. The tongue-in-cheek lines often make you smile even in the most unusual circumstances. Aseem Mishra's cinematography lends the film a grace that the genre demands, as he captures the essence of Ireland , Cuba , Istanbul and other countries with elan.Salman Khan carries an urbane charm and looks uber-cool dressed in formals. He is resourcefully restrained sans his customary buffoonery. His acting ability is best exploited in this film after a long long time. Katrina Kaif is gorgeous as always and puts in a confident act. Her agility in action sequences adds to her conviction. And more importantly she shares terrific chemistry with Salman Khan, something that was missing in all their earlier pairings. Ranvir Shorey as Salman's associate makes for a good supporting cast. Girish Karnad and Gavie Chahal lend decent support.Ek Tha Tiger , by far, is Salman Khan's most entertaining and accomplished works in recent times. Hope he takes the correct cues from this film and stays away from mediocrity henceforth.Verdict: Very Good", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "biharsharif", "code": "15500040", "title": "This Gandhian has no qualms against anyone", "text": "BIHARSHARIF: Gandhian and freedom fighter Arjun Das, 92, suffered untold hardships, today lives with his three sons and 11 grand children in a rented accommodation at Murarpur locality. He laments that after contesting a legal battle for six years, he was recognised as a freedom fighter in 1989 and pension was granted to him subsequently. Father of five daughters and three sons, he lived in penury and his sons could not complete their education and are engaged in small businesses. Das said that helps them with his pension amount which is a meager sum.But the octogenarian has no qualms against anyone. He only wants that the state's contribution to the pension should be at par with the Central as in case of Haryana, where the state's contribution matches with the Centre. Recalling vividly the incidents on August 9, 1942, when he marched towards the SDO office, Biharsharif, then a sub-division of Patna district, along with hundreds of frenzied sons of the motherland after the Quit India call given by Gandhiji, to their surprise they found that all the British officers and their Indian sympathizers had vanished and even police force went into hiding and it appeared that the country had been made free from the shackles of the British rule.The sons of the soil uprooted the rail track at Biharsharif but there was no bloodshed. The joy proved short lived as the British returned after a week and took control of the administration and jailed hundreds of Indians including Das. He said though the country could not be modelled on the visions of Gandhi, but it gives him relief that the country is progressing and nobody dies of starvation.Another freedom fighter Mahadev Prasad Arya also participated in the Quit India movement along with Arjun Das at Biharsharif. However, he was jailed in Hyderabad for staging Satyagrah against the repressive rule of Nizam in 1938-39. He said he along with 15 persons from Bihar and a similar number of Satyagrahis from Punjab staged a Satyagrah in Wasifabad in Hyderabad and spent more than five months in jail there. The 96-year-old freedom fighter lives with his wife and sons who are affluent businessmen and grandchildren at Choukhandi locality, Biharsharif, said being called a freedom fighter is in itself a big reward and he wish that the country win its war against corruption.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad/ new delhi", "code": "15500610", "title": "Metro rail project in limbo", "text": "AHMEDABAD/ NEW DELHI: The ambitions Ahmedabad-Gandhinagar metro project is now in limbo with the Union urban development minister, Kamal Nath, claiming in the Lok Sabha on Tuesday that he is yet to receive a detailed project report (DPR) from the Gujarat government for the metro rail. The central urban development ministry has already made provision to fund seven metro rail projects in the country with a corpus of Rs 5,879 crore. Gujarat does not figure in this list.The only step the Gujarat government has taken, is taking an 'in-principle' decision to adopt the framework of a 50:50 joint ownership between state and Centre for the project . This decision was communicated to the union urban development ministry. This information was shared in the Lok Sabha by Kamal Nath in response to a starred question .\"The ministry is yet to receive a formal proposal along with the Detailed Project Report from the state government for Metro Rail Project between Ahmedabad and Gandhinagar in Gujarat,\" he said. However, in last year's Lok Sabha session, minister of state for urban development, Sugata Roy, claimed that the Gujarat government had submitted a detailed project report prepared by Delhi Metro Rail Corporation Limited ( DMRC). Gujarat, according to Roy had demanded central assistance to the extent of at least 25% of total project cost.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "ramgarh", "code": "15497741", "title": "Ramgarh-Ranchi train ride to get quicker with flyovers", "text": "RAMGARH: The journey from this coal and garrison town to the state capital both by road and rail will be an entirely new experience for commuters soon as trains to Koderma via the Barkakana-Ranchi route will run over hills about 400 feet above the ground through the Chutupalu Valley and cross approximately 600 feet deep underground tunnels. The journey to the state capital from here by road via the Patratu four-lane highway will also be a unique experience as commuters will zip through four mega flyovers.Santosh Kumar, a trader, said he was eagerly waiting for the completion of the flyovers. \"It will be a thrilling journey and we will get an experience that commuters savour in metro cities.\" The president of the District Industries Association, Binod Nemai, said because of good connectivity with Delhi, nearby areas like Gurgaon, Noida, Faridabad and Ghaziabad got the status of National Capital Region ( NCR). By virtue of their proximity to Ranchi, Ramgarh and Khunti could also enjoy a similar status if they can develop a good network of roads and rails connecting them with the state capital.\"The Koderma-Ranchi rail route, expected to be completed by the next fiscal, will also boost the development of Ramgarh as a number of remote and isolated villages in Patratu and Mandu block will get rail service,\" said Lalku Bedia, a villager in Patratu block. sJayant Kumar Chaudhary, deputy chief, Barkakana railway construction, said the Koderma-Ranchi rail project will be similar to the Konkan rail project. \"Mega rail bridges and underground tunnels between Barkakana junction and Ranchi will be unique for Jharkhand,\" said Chaudhary, adding, \"the Koderma-Ranchi rail route will course through hills, tunnels, forests and cross rivers and waterfalls.\" It will indeed be a thrilling journey. The 1.5-km long three underground tunnels will make the 63-km journey extremely pleasant.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15502599", "title": "Corrupt politicians control country's destiny: Team Anna", "text": "NEW DELHI: Erstwhile Team Anna on Wednesday alleged that the country's destiny was controlled by a few \"corrupt\" politicians and corporates and it requires right leadership to take on the challenges posed by them.Activists Arvind Kejriwal and Kiran Bedi took to micro-blogging site twitter to comment on Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's address to the nation on the occasion of Independence Day.\"Today our destinies are controlled by few corrupt politicians, officials and corporates...Hope some day we would have true democracy,\" Kejriwal said.He hoped that there would be much more in laws for those who have much less in life and people would directly make laws rather than just elect some people once in five years.\"Hope some day, we would get true independence when people would control their own destiny, when politics would be a means to serve rather than make money,\" he said.Commenting on Singh's speech, Bedi said, \"The Prime Minister says we have passed Lokpal Bill etc. Does not say what kind of bill? One which weakens CBI further! Banks on people's legal illiteracy.\"She said what people need is a \"measurement tool\" of performance of the government from their Prime Minister in which a commoner becomes a stakeholder.\"PM's speech indicates what may be done. Problem is in the how, the who and even the when (with eye on votes)? Huge Trust deficit!\" she said.None of programmes and assurances are possible without integrity and administrative willingness. How does that happen is the key challenge, she said, adding country has two key challenges before it. \"Political corruption and bureaucratic insensitivity. Both require right leadership for change,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15499412", "title": "'Pimp' pilot in police net", "text": "MARGAO: The Margao police on Tuesday arrested 25-year-old Arun Bharmakar, a motorcycle pilot, on charges of supplying call girls to customers.Police sources said that acting on a tip-off, a decoy customer was made to call up the accused demanding the \"services\" of a call girl. A deal was struck with Bharmakar and it was decided that he would come with the call girl on a motorcycle to Margao at a specified place.On Monday afternoon, Bharmakar accompanied by the female victim, walked into the trap laid by the police. On reaching the pre-decided spot at Aquem on the two-wheeler, the decoy identified himself as the customer, while the cops who were lying in wait nabbed Bharmakar.Police said the accused was a native of Belgaum but currently residing in Nerul, Bardez.The 25-year-old victim who was rescued was sent to a protective home in Merces.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15503892", "title": "Ollywood stars' first defining moment of freedom", "text": "On I-Day today, TOI asks the new brigade of Ollywood to share their first defining moment of freedomAnshuman Till I joined the film industry, I was not allowed to spend the night outside my house. If I had to go out with friends , I had to adhere to the curfew hours. But when I began shooting for my debut movie, they had no options but to allow me to go for outdoor shoots. We went to Himachal Pradesh , Manali and many other locations. The night that I spent outside my house was my first tryst with freedom. Lipi When I was in Class VII, my school sent me to Hyderabad to perform Odissi at a national convention. Since it was my first trip outside Odisha without my parents, I was almost delirious with excitement. On the evening of my performance, the audience was so impressed that some of them even offered me money as a token of appreciation! For the first time in my life, I had earned `300 and I didn't know how to spend it. Then I thought of buying my mom a sari. Before that day, I had never gone sari-shopping all by myself. So, I took my friend along with me. It was like an adventure. I bought a sari for `250. While returning to the hotel, I impulsively gave `50 to a beggar. My mom was ecstatic and I was delighted to have got my first taste of freedom. Soniya I come from a very orthodox family. So, my first defining moment of freedom was when my parents allowed me to do a feature film. The decision was very difficult for them. Not only am I a medical student, I have also been brought up in an environment where people feel that being in the film industry will ensure that no one marries me! But as soon as my parents saw how passionate I am about movies, they relented and blessed me. They were pleasantly surprised to see me on the big screen. Compiled by Madhusree Ghosh", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15499093", "title": "Nurturing Talent", "text": "Sridhar Vembu, who founded Zoho, picks up students completing Class 12 (or in the second year of a diploma after Class 10) in corporation schools in Chennai and other towns in Tamil Nadu and puts them through a one-year classroom training and a six-month, on-the-job training. The students are mostly from poor backgrounds.When they join Zoho University, as it is called, they are provided with a laptop with unlimited internet access, free lunch and dinner, and a stipend of Rs 6,000 a month. They are trained in computer programming, as also in math and English.Almost all are absorbed into Zoho, and when they join, they are given salaries at par with those joining from the IITs and other engineering institutes. \"Today, 170 employees out of Zoho's total strength of 1,600 are from Zoho University,\" says Aravind Natarajan of Zoho.Vembu's philosophy has been that it does not require an IIT graduate to create world-class products out of India, and given the tremendous success of his office and business applications - Zoho has six million subscribers globally and competes against Google, Microsoft and Salesforce.com - he seems to be right.Natarajan says Vembu's objective is to ensure that 50% of Zoho employees would be from Zoho University. The training facility started with six students in 2005; the latest batch has 59.Some of the fastest growing startups in India are employing Vembu-like strategies, creating talent themselves instead of hoping that the external environment would generate the talent required, which it does not, at least not fast enough. The strategy also often helps them to keep costs under control. Smaller firms typically have to pay higher salaries to attract skilled people from more established companies. An intense training programme for freshers obviates that.Mu Sigma started what it calls the Mu Sigma University around the same time that Zoho did. The company, which helps clients analyse the massive quantities of data they deal with and arrive at decisions, needed people with analytical skills.\"India has plenty of talent in math and quantitative techniques, given that parents emphasize math for their children at an early age. That was very good for us. But we needed to convert that into analytical talent,\" says Ambiga Rajaram, who handles talent creation in the company.The emphasis of the training is on inferential learning. The contrast here is with experiential learning, where past experience is a guide to the future. The understanding is that in today's environment, businesses have to be very innovative, often doing things their industry never did before. \"Like when Apple started a retail store,\" says Ambiga.Mu Sigma has developed its own methodologies in inferential learning.Ambiga says the programme has over time become almost a mini-MBA. \"We are even training employees on how to consult with customers in order to bring new business,\" she says.The Mu Sigma University is a big reason why the company has so rapidly scaled. It has 1,500 employees and is expected to cross $100 million in revenue in 2012.RedBus, the pioneering bus booking portal and software company, has its internal training programme and is now looking at establishing a RedBus Academy that pools all the knowledge that it has gained about the bus industry and associated technologies ever since it was founded in 2006. The idea is still at a concept stage, but Charan Padmaraju, co-founder of the company, notes that the quality of skills makes a huge difference.\"We need to particularly develop soft skills, managerial, leadership and communication skills,\" he says.The startup, which has been funded by VC firms Seedfund, Inventus and Helion, has been more than doubling its revenues over the past several years. Last year it touched a revenue of Rs 320 crore and turned profitable. \"We believe we'll cross Rs 700 crore this year,\" Padmaraju says. That kind of growth requires more and more quality talent, and the best way to do that would be to produce them internally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15498445", "title": "Kondhwa abattoir now in private hands", "text": "PUNE: The abattoir in Kondhwa will now be managed by a private operator. The civic standing committee on Tuesday approved the privatization plan that was kept pending since May.Of the five proposals received for the tenders put out by the Pune Municipal Corporation, a Delhi-based company was selected for the contract. The operator will cater only to the needs of the city and will not be allowed to send meat from the slaughter house outside Pune.The privatization has been opposed by civic activists and social organizations who said that the civic body had recently spent over Rs 6 crore on renovating and modernizing the abattoir.The proposal came up for discussion in May, but the standing committee had kept it in abeyance when it ran into opposition. Several warkaris and members of other communities had staged an agitation in June outside the civic body's headquarters opposing the privatization plan. They said it would lead to the slaughter of far too many animals.\"Members of the standing committee gave a supplementary to the proposal that the operator cannot send meat from this abattoir to other districts. It will help control the slaughter of animals. People opposing the proposal had feared extensive killing of animals, but with the supplementary we have made sure that this does not happen,\" said Baburao Chandere, chairman of the standing committee.The Congress, Shiv Sena and Bharatiya Janata Party had opposed the privatization. However, on Tuesday, the Shiv Sena and Congress joined hands with the Nationalist Congress Party to approve the privatization. There were 11 votes in favour, while three were against the plan.Municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak said that a closed circuit television camera system would be set up to monitor the activities inside the slaughter house. \"It will check the slaughter of animals. The CCTV will be controlled from the research lab set up in the abattoir,\" he said.\"The decision to privatize the abattoir is not right. It will not only harm animals, but also create problems for the people in nearby areas,\" said Shreenath Bhimale, a BJP member of the standing committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15498917", "title": "Sale of tricolour goes up but youth opt out of Independence Day carnival", "text": "LUCKNOW: The sale of national tricolour has increased on the occasion of Independence Day. Not because people are excited to celebrate the day, but because it is mandatory for government officials and educational institution to hoist the national flag on this day.\"This year, our sales have shot up by 20-25% and we are selling 200-250 khadi flags per day,\" said Jaswant Singh who works in Gandhi Asram. He added that the sales have risen because it is compulsory for most of the offices, banks, organisations and educational institutes to hoist flag on this day.Khadi flags which ranges from Rs 515 to Rs 3,510 are very popular among buyers. Silk flags, which cost from Rs 1,170 to Rs 3,080 are preferred over khadi flags, mainly due to the heaviness of khadi.Even the sale of khadi kurta pyajama which ranges from Rs 200-600 has also gone up as daily around 50 pieces are being sold. Citing reason for rise in the sale, Raja Ram Maurya, another employee of Gandhi Asram said, \"Many schools have made it compulsory for the children and staff to wear khadi dresses on Independence Day.\"Street vendors can be seen selling caps, paper and plastic national flags, badge, wrist band, hair band, forehead band, balloons, stickers and sash. These items which range from Rs 2 to Rs 60 are mostly purchased by school children. Notebooks and bells bearing the national flag are also in vogue.But children who sell these items on streets are unaware about Independence Day and for them, it is just a source of livelihood. On being asked why he is selling items related to national flag, Santosh, a vendor in Hazratganj said, \"I do not know why people in large numbers are purchasing these stuffs. My brother asked me to sell this, as it will increase my income.\"However, the fervour with which Independence Day is celebrated has changed over years. The day holds a different meaning to the youth today. It is no more about the same patriotic songs reverberating in the background or the tri-colour unfurling. The zeal and enthusiasm which was seen in youngsters seems to have disappeared in the backdrop.Pankhuri Shah a college-goer, finds I-Day as another holiday when she can relax and take a break from her studies. \"As a child I used to go with my dad to see the parade, but now I think it is better to sit at home and relax,\" she said. Surubhi Trehan gets the opportunity to spend time with her family. \"One thing good about Independence Day is that all the offices remain closed so I get a chance to spend time with my family which is not possible on any other day,\" said Surbhi, a working professional.Independence Day held special importance for Rohit Shahi, as a child who used to visit Vidhan Sabha every year to see the flag unfurl, but now the craze has faded for him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15500526", "title": "When Barodians defied curfew for justifiable cause", "text": "VADODARA: Those who have grown up seeing Vadodara going under curfew during communal riots, would be surprised, and maybe, even proud to know that Barodians once defied curfew for a justifiable cause, and at great risk to their lives. The generation of freedom fighters, which is now fast depleting in this erstwhile royal state, has stark memories of the fateful day of August 18, 1942 when curfew was clamped for the first time in the city. The the residents were ordered to shun a call for a protest rally organized by nationalists following the killing of five college students at Anand.The day ended on a violent note, killing two, but the state police also had to beat a hasty retreat when the gutsy women of Vadodara attacked them from rooftops, throwing scalding, red-chilly mixed water on rampaging mounting police.\"I was barely 17-18 and was among the group of youngsters who had gone and hid themselves in the Ahmedabadi pol during the day for the rally to be held at jubilee grounds,\" recalls octogenarian freedom fighter, Naveenbhai Shah, who went on to become the all-India coordinator of Congress Sewa Dal, serving with three generations of Gandhis, starting from Jawaharlal Nehru , in Delhi for 50 long years.\"Mounted police was guarding the entry of the pols and jubilee ground was deserted, but the moment the clock struck 5 pm - the time for the proposed rally - thousands of Barodians came running out of the pols towards the ground. The Irish police chief ordered firing; baton sticks rained on us and the mounted police trampled on the unarmed crowd,\" Shah recalled.And, then he saw someone falling after being hit by a bullet. \"Horses were going to trample the body in few seconds, but I lifted it on my shoulder and ran towards the Ahmedabadi pol. Within minutes my clothes were soaked in blood, and police would have easily spotted me, but a woman ran out of a house, asked me to leave the dead man outside and hid me in one of the inner rooms,\" Shah said. His wife Vaasuben was then 15-16 years old and among the rallyists who also saw the mayhem.\"As soon as the cops entered our pol to chase rallyists, women started throwing buckets full of hot water on them, forcing them to retreat,\" she recalled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15504813", "title": "On Independence Day, CM Nitish Kumar demands special status for Bihar", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar on Independence Day once again demanded that Centre should accord special category status to Bihar so that the state, which was growing, could touch the national average on various human development indexes.\"Bihar is developing fast. Last year our growth rate was more than 16% but it is high time the central government should help the state by giving it a special category status,\" the CM said after hoisting tricolor at Gandhi Maidan here on Wedensday.He said the pace of Bihar's economic development will increase if it got special category status. Nitish said Bihar was lagging behind on several fronts. \"It will take nearly 25 years for Bihar to touch the national average of economic growth. Bihar's per capita income and investment is lowest in the country,\" he said.The CM said despite several odds and constraints Bihar was marching forward. He said a lot of work was going on in the power sector in which the state was extremely backward and till now had almost nil power generation.\"We are working on our projects and need the assistance of the Centre to make Bihar self relient in power. If I fail in my endeavour I will not go the people asking for votes any more in 2015,\" he declared.Later the CM drove to a Mahadalit settlement on the outskirts of Patna to spend some time with the underprivileged sections of the society. He visited Sonmai gram panchayat Musahar toil at Dhanarua block in rural Patna and hoisted the flag there.Even as the chief minister was unfurling national flag and making his speech in Patna's Gandhi Maidan and other places, the Maoists in several parts of the state were hoisting black flags to denounce Independence Day.According to reports, black flags were seen atop schools and some buildings in Gaya, Aurangabad, Jehanabad, Arwal, Vaishali, Sitamarhi, East Champaran and Muzaffarpur.The Left extremists have their strong presence in these central and north Bihar districts.Maoist guerrillas also halted trains on Tuesday night at Ismailpur railway station near Gaya.\"Maoists attacked the railway station and forced the station master to turn the signal red and stopped all trains including the Rajdhani Express,\" a railway official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15500170", "title": "U-turn on rape claim as cops bust 'fake' story", "text": "KOLKATA: The 26-year-old woman who claimed to have been kidnapped from Chetla Road and gang-raped on Saturday night dramatically retracted her statement on Tuesday after police found inconsistencies in her story. If the final investigation report finds her claim to be fabricated, she may be tried for perjury, which can lead to a jail term of up to seven years.Joint commissioner of police (crime) Pallab Kanti Ghosh said: \"We zeroed in three points - the victim's parents being unaware of her trauma, the timing of the incident, and her work schedule. She stayed with her parents but told neither of them about her traumatic experience. The time she claimed she was picked up (7.20pm) is quite busy in Chetla but in spite of our best efforts we could find no one to corroborate that she was abducted.\"The third - and the most important factor - was that the woman had worked the night shift, from 8pm to 8am, tending to an ailing elderly person at a Gopalnagar home on Saturday night. Her employers have told police that she completed her shift and left on Sunday morning. In her statement recorded before a magistrate, however, she said that she was kidnapped at 7.20pm on Saturday, raped for hours by 10 men, and dumped on Chetla bridge at 3.40am on Sunday. \"When we interrogated her further, the victim confessed that she had made a wrong complaint,\" Ghosh said. She didn't say why.The roots of the alleged fake rape complaint may lie in Trinamool infighting - the names of some party heavyweights have cropped up in the controversy. Rival factions may have used the woman as bait to settle scores, say sources.THE LOOPHOLESVictim stays with her parents but did not tell them about her trauma At 7.20 pm, Chetla Bridge is usually bustling with activity. Yet, none saw the woman being abducted Her employers confirmed she worked from 8 pm on Saturday night to 8 am on Sunday at their Gopalnagar home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "bankura", "code": "15499306", "title": "CPM leader attacked during school election", "text": "Bankura: CPM district secretary in Bankura Amiya Patra had a narrow escape on Tuesday after some miscreants allegedly hurled bricks at his car and smashed its windscreen, as Patra and six party candidates for the Chowkshyampur Gyanendra High School's managing committee election were rescued by the police from the institution's gate that was blocked by a crowd of about 2,500.The last date for filing nominations for the guardian representatives' seats on the school's managing committee was Tuesday. The six CPM-backed candidates for those seats were, thus, prevented from contesting the August 26 poll.The school campus was tense since Monday, when nomination papers of the six were allegedly snatched from them and torn. As Patra and the six reached the school on Tuesday, they found a massive crowd at the school gate raising 'go back' slogans. The agitators then described those in the car as CPM harmads and insisted that they had no right to run a school.Sensing that the situation might go out of control, police asked the car driver not to move further and started escorting the vehicle out of the area. As the car was wading through the crowd, a brick was hurled at its windscreen. Though, none inside the car was injured, the driver had to stop the vehicle there. Police immediately swung into action and dispersed the crowd. Patra's car then drove out and headed for adjoining Shyampur.Patra later praised police for 'timely action' and said: \"Trinamool-backed goons and drunkards gathered outside the school gate to prevent our party candidates from filing their nominations. They could not file their papers even on the last day for filing nominations. What sort of democracy is this?\" he questioned.Dubbing Patra's allegations baseless, district TMC leader Arup Chakraborty said: \"Patra and others have lost people's confidence. The locals have revolted against the corrupt practices of the CPM, which used to control school managing committees with the help of goons. The locals chased Patra away. No one in the crowd carried a Trinamool flag.\"Bankura SP, Sree Mukesh, said: \"We sensed trouble and deployed a force there. Police acted in time and dispersed the crowd. There was not much damage to Amiya Patra's car. An investigation is on.\"A brick smashed the windscreen of Bankura CPM district secretary Amiya Patra's car at Bankura's Taldangra on Tuesday as he and six party candidates for the Chowkshyampur Gyanendra High School's managing committee election were being huddled out by police from the institution's gate that was allegedly blocked by a crowd of about 2,500. Patra and others in the car escaped unhurt, though.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15500428", "title": "Fukushima fallout: Mutated butterflies", "text": "LONDON: Three generations of butterflies in Japan have been rendered mutant following the radioactive fallout from the Fukushima nuclear disaster, scientists have found, warning that radiations could affect other species too. Scientists found unusually small wings and mutations in the legs and antennae of insects collected May last year, two months after the earthquake and subsequent tsunami struck.The radiation exposure harmed their genes and the damage could be passed on to future generations, the 'Daily Mail' reported. \"Artificial radionuclides from the Fukushima (No 1) nuclear power plant caused physiological and genetic damage to pale grass blue butterflies, a common species in Japan,\" said the Journal 'Scientific'.\"Sensitivity (to irradiation) varies between species, so research should be conducted on other animals,\" said Joji Otaki, a team member at the University of the Ryukyus in Okinawa. Abnormalities such as unusually small wings were found in 12% of total in 121 adult pale grass blue butterflies collected in and outside Fukushima Prefecture in May 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15499206", "title": "Two kids brutally murdered", "text": "JAIPUR: Two children were brutally murdered at their house near Gaitore Ki Chatari area under Nahargarh police station area on Tuesday noon allegedly by a person who was staying in their house. According to the police, the kids were targeted as they were not allowing the man for boozing. They have also not ruled out illicit relationship of the accused with the mother of the kids.The blood-stained bodies of the two children, Shubhpratap Singh (13) and Deepshikha (11) were found lying on the bed of their room. Their father Manjit Singh was stunned to see the bodies after reaching home in the afternoon. Raising an alarm, he immediately informed the police.Preliminary investigations suggest that one Vijay Singh who was known to Manjit (father of the kids) is possibly behind the murder since he is missing after the incident. On the reasons behind the murder, PC Bhaskar, circle inspector, Nahargarh, said: \"Based on the information collected by our team through neighbours, it was found that Vijay was highly alcoholic and his habit was resisted by the kids. Some days ago, he had even slapped one of the kids when the later asked him not to booze. It could be the possible reason of murder.\"However, senior officers said that it could be one of the reasons but not the main one.\"There is an unconfirmed information that Vijay was having an illicit relationship with the wife of Manjit Singh. They were caught in a compromising position by the kids. There is a possibility that in a fear that kids might share it with their father, he has eliminated the children,\" said an officer. \"The victims sustained serious injuries on the abdomen and neck. It appears that they were stabbed by some sharp-edged weapons. A team was constituted to look for the whereabouts of the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15499215", "title": "President's medal for three Nashik cops", "text": "NASHIK: Three city police officers have been conferred with the President's medal. The announcement comes on the even of Independence Day.Senior police inspector Dhanraj Dayama of the Bhadrakali police station, and police inspectors Raosaheb Bapurao Bhosale of the Detective Training School and Atul Dinkar Kshirsagar of the Railway Police Force (Nashik) are the three recipients from Nashik this year. and two other police officials have been conferred with the President's medal, announced on the eve of the Independence Day.The other two are Police Inspector Raosaheb Bapurao Bhosale of the Detective Training School, and Inspector Atul Dinkar Kshirsagar of the Railway Police Force, Nashik Road Railway Station.Dhanraj Dayama, a native of Vaijapur, joined the police force in 1983 and has served at Usmanabad, Aurangabad, Chandrapur, and the Nashik Rural police. He has also worked with the Anti Corruption Bureau, in addition to being a part of the UN police deployment in Kosovo.In Nashik city, Dayama has been in charge of the Panchavati Police Station and Nashik Road Police Station, before taking charge of the Bhadrkali Police Station recentlyMeanwhile, inspector Dinkar Kshirsagar joined the police force as a sub-inspector and was promoted to inspector in 2004.Before joining the Nashik Road Railway Stationas an inspector, he served in Lucknow, Jabalpur, Nagpur, Solapur, Bhusawal and Mumbai.The other police officer from city who would be conferred with the President's Medal is RaosahebBhosale, a native of Bhusawal, joined the force in 1989 as a police sub inspector after which he was with Nashik Rural police for 11 years.He has served in Mumbai, Beed, Jalna and Dhule.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15498853", "title": "Eleven pimps held, 23 rescued", "text": "CHENNAI: The anti-vice squad on Tuesday raided two places in Guindy and Porur on Tuesday and rescued 23 women and girls, including a 16-year-old, and arrested 11 pimps, including nine women, following a tip off.Teams led by deputy superintendent of police Raja Srinivas and inspector John Victor apprehended the pimps who were shifting the girls to a different place.Police found that Kavitha, 38, a former sex worker, was the kingpin behind the whole racket. The rescued girls were later sent to a government home in Mylapore.Inquiries revealed that Kavitha had lured the girls, most of whom were school dropouts, from villages in Tiruvallur and Kancheepuram districts with promises of jobs and forced them into the sex trade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15500619", "title": "Malaria cases spike in Ahmedabad", "text": "AHMEDABAD: There has been a steep increase in the number of malaria cases in the city because of the inconsistent monsoons. In a meeting of health officers from across the city, the municipal commissioner Guruprasad Mohapatra was apprised of measured taken by the department to curb the menace. It was reported that in general hospitals both private and government-run \u2014 malaria case figures collated over the last few months, were startling. In June there were 2,197 cases, July recorded 2,480 cases while till August 12, AMC recorded 695 cases. To compare figures, last year the AMC had recorded 586 cases in June, July saw 812 cases while August had 387 cases.\"We have increased surveillance in areas which have reported the most malaria cases. More than 300 health link workers have been pressed into service in the city, for door to door surveys , and to administer anti-malarial drugs. The department has also undertaken a drive for indoor residual sprays, where individual houses are being visited for indoor pesticide spray. We have completed 3.58 lakh houses,\" says a senior AMC health official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15497614", "title": "Chauhan, Naik win donor seat in VNSGU senate", "text": "SURAT: All attempts of power groups at Veer Narmad South Gujarat University (VNSGU) to keep Mahendra Chauhan out of varsity senate on Tuesday proved futile after he won elections for the donor seat.He was elected on one of the two donor seats along with Dinkar Naik.Naik and Naishadh Desai, a senior Congress leader, were supported by the group affiliated to BJP . While Chauhan was contesting election independently with the support of Hoshang Mirza, leader of youth Congress.Out of the total 67 voters in donor constituency, 65 votes were exercised. Of these, 25 went in favour of Naik, 21 preferred Chauhan while 19 voters preferred Desai. The defeat is a major setback for Desai who lost the battle despite having support of power group at VNSGU and his own political seniority. Desai's family donated a huge chunk of land to the varsity on which a major portion of the varsity is standing currently.Desai is currently president of Indian National Textile Workers Federation of Indian National Trade Union Congress. Desai's residence is used as Congress office and majority of the party meetings and activity take place here.Chauhan's victory is considered as a major upset for political circles within VNSGU as his candidature was cancelled at the time of filling in the forms. Chauhan challenged the cancellation in Gujarat High Court which then asked VNSGU to allow him to contest the election.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15503886", "title": "'Lagal Ba Karejwa Me Aag' to go on the floors", "text": "Shree Ganesh picture's bhojpuri film Lagal Ba Karejwa Me Aag launched with song recording at AB Studio Mumbai. The songs composed by music director Chhote Baba, written by Ashok Sinha, Rajesh Mishra and Prem Sagar and sung by Alok Kumar and Khushboo Jain.Sanjay S. Srivastav has wielded the megaphone for the movie, written by AB Mohan. Actors Shubham Tiwari, Reena Haldhar, Amrish Singh, Reema Singh, Dharmesh Mishra, Lavanya Vethi, Santosh Srivastav, Shatrughan Singh, Mona Kaji, Mukesh Malviya, Sushil Singh, Chetan Babu, Sani Babu, Pankaj Giri and Baleshwar Singh are in the pivotal roles.Source: bhojpuritrade.blogspot.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15500404", "title": "Estranged couple trades punches at their kid\u2019s school", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It was a 12-year-old girl's birthday at St Xavier's School that was spoilt by her parents as they decided to fight out their differences in full public view on Tuesday. The school authorities later submitted an application of complaint to Gujarat University police station after the incident.According to GU police officials, Richa (name changed), a student at St Xavier's School near Darpan crossroads, was celebrating her birthday with her friends at the school campus on Tuesday morning when her mother came to meet her and give her a birthday present.\"The news reached to Richa's father, a lecturer at St Xavier's College. The couple is divorced and is involved in an ugly legal battle over Richa's custody and property. He had forbidden his former wife to contact Richa without court orders. On Tuesday when he was informed that his wife was meeting their daughter, he reached the school and confronted her. What followed was an ugly verbal spat that soon turned into fisticuffs,\" said a GU police official.The school authorities rushed to intervene and separated the duo. However, by then the damage was done. Both were hurt in the violence and the woman reportedly sustained some broken teeth. When contacted, Father Ferdinand Durrai, principal of the school, confirmed the spat and stated that they intimated the city police to prevent such incidents to take place in the school premises that can have adverse impact on the children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15497547", "title": "Dilip Vengsarkar to succeed Vilasrao Deshmukh as MCA chief?", "text": "MUMBAI: With the passing away of Vilasrao Deshmukh on Tuesday, questions now arise who will head the Mumbai Cricket Association (MCA). Deshmukh was the president of the MCA and the constitution of the body clearly states that the closest losing candidate should take over to complete the term. Former India batsman Dilip Vengsarkar , who was Deshmukh's only opponent in the election for the president's post, will now have to take charge. Vengsarkar is currently touring England and is expected to return by the end of this month. If he refuses to take charge, there will be a re-election.Deshmukh had replaced Sharad Pawar as MCA president in 2011 after winning a closely contested election for the post against former Indian cricketer and ex-MCA vice-president Vengsarkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15499530", "title": "Adopt Indian dogs: PETA", "text": "BHOPAL: Activists of people for the ethical treatment of animals (PETA) on Tuesday urged the people to adopt Indian community dogs instead of foreign bred ones.Accompanied by patriotically dressed members decked in the Indian tricolour traditional saree and kurta and waving the Indian flag, a giant Indian community-dog mascot attracted passer-byes to \"get patriotic\" and adopt only 100% per cent Indian community dogs instead of buying foreign breeds from a breeder or pet store this demonstration was held at Bhopal gate near Idgah Hills.The PETA's dog mascot held a placard that read, \"Be proud to be Indian. Adopt Indian community dog. Never buy foreign breeds.\"According to PETA, pedigree dogs sold in pet stores are typically deprived of proper veterinary care, adequate food, exercise, love and socialisation. Because they are bred for certain exaggerated physical traits, such as long ears or drooping backs, many foreign breeds of dogs - including boxers, German shepherds and pugs - suffer from abnormally high rates of genetic and hereditary diseases.Common health ailments in purebred dogs include breathing problems, cancer , and heart disease, bleeding disorders, skeletal malformation, eye problems and more. In contrast, Indian community dogs are healthier and more robust than their purebred cousins, PETA activists said.\"It is simply irresponsible for anyone to breed or buy animals when there are millions of homeless Indian community dogs and cats languishing on the streets and in animal shelters\", says PETA India's campaign coordinator Chani Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15499100", "title": "Took loan for flat: Sancheti scion's uncle", "text": "MUMBAI: Rajesh Bora, maternal uncle of Sancheti family scion Paramveer Sancheti, on Tuesday admitted he did not have the resources to buy a flat in Adarsh and had taken a loan of Rs 60 lakhs from San Finance Corporation.\"Paramveer is my maternal nephew,\" said Bora, who lives in Chhattisgarh and works as an assistant manager with a leading private insurance firm. \"I had written a letter to the society requesting allotment of a flat which would be adjoining the flat of Paramveer, he said, adding that both had adjoining flats. Bora, who was allotted a 650 sq ft flat, claimed Adarsh accused R C Thakur was his neighbour in Nagpur and told him about flats being available in Adarsh.Bora said he did not apply for a loan from any other bank. \"I did not have my own resources to buy a flat in Adarsh,\" he said. Paramveer further said he had obtained the entire amount of Rs 60 lakhs from San Finance Corporation as a loan in 2003-2004, but neither were there any documents for the loan nor did he mortgage his flat to SFC. \"The rate of interest has not been decided till date. I have not made any repayment of the loan amount,\" said Bora. He told the commission he was planning to give the Adarsh flat on rent and repay the loan. \"I never intended to occupy the flat in Adarsh and I only intended to let it out,\" he said.BJP Rajya Sabha MP Ajay Sancheti and his brother Abhay Sancheti run San Finance Corporation. Paramveer is Abhay's son.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "15500447", "title": "Fresh from Olympics, golden girl gets political seat in China", "text": "BEIJING: Women's swimming gold medallist at the London Olympics, Jiao Liuyang, has returned home, and moved from the pool to politics after she was selected as a member of the Communist Party's 18th Congress.Jiao's selection signals a move by Communist leaders to draw in more women in the party Congress, sources said.The Olympian, who broke past records in the 200m butterfly championship, had joined the party in 2008, the official media quoted party sources as saying. She is also a member of the military swimming team, and is often seen donning the uniform of the People's Liberation Army.At 21, Jiao will be the youngest member of the Congress, which will elect the party's new general secretary and China's next president later this year. In the party Congress, she will help the party counter criticism about its failure to give enough representation to women and young people in the 2,270-member Congress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15497648", "title": "Sarfaraz Khan expelled from BCCI academy", "text": "MUMBAI: Under-16 cricketer Sarfaraz Khan has been expelled from the BCCI's batting academy at Mumbai's Bandra-Kurla Complex on grounds of indiscipline.With three days left for the camp to end, there had been growing complaints about Sarfaraz's indiscipline following which he was asked to leave. Cricketers from nine associations selected by the BCCI train at the state-of-the-art indoor academy of the Mumbai Cricket Association where nine tracks are on offer. BCCI executive committee member MP Pandove, who is in-charge of all academies, was in Mumbai on Tuesday and personally recommended Sarfaraz's removal. However, MCA officials could not confirm the development. Sarfaraz recently returned after an academic stint in England after he was picked as one of the three \"Coca Cola Cricket Stars\" after its annual All India tournament for schools held last year.\"There are allegations of indiscipline and serious misbehaviour against him,\" a source informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "nangchen (china)", "code": "15500515", "title": "'Golden Buddha' from India adds sheen to China town", "text": "NANGCHEN (CHINA): A glittering golden statue of the Buddha, 35-metre tall, bang in the middle of the hillside bordering Tibet , promises to change the landscape of the region in more ways than one.The statue is a gift from Gyalwang Drukpa - spiritual head of an 800-year-old Tibetan Buddhist called the Drukpa - to the people of Nangchen, a hilly, remote part of China with a large Buddhist following.\"The Golden Buddha gives people something solid which symbolizes their faith and makes it stronger,\" says Satrul Rimpoche, a Buddhist monk and spiritual leader in the province. He says land prices in the area have gone up ten-fold, thanks to the golden Buddha, with much construction coming up around the area. \"There was nothing here before the statue arrived. It was just barren land,\" he says.Gyalwang Drukpa inaugurated the statue in July, as locals, monks and pilgrims from across the world thronged the monastery nestled below the statue. That Gyalwang Drukpa is from India, his gift lies in China and the man who sponsored the $6 million statue - Felix Lim, is a businessman from Singapore , may well be a metaphor for Buddhism's belief in a borderless world.Lim, the son-in-law of the entrepreneur behind Tiger Balm, says it was during a chance meeting with His Holiness a decade ago that the Gyalwang Drukpa expressed his desire to create a statue of the Buddha, a wish that Lim and his wife promised to sponsor. The statue, built in China's Nanjing province in 2002, was supposed to be a gift for a monastery in Nepal.But the statue was not given clearance from the government of Nepal , due to objections from the country's aviation authority. And so it lay in a warehouse in Nanjing for nearly a decade. \"I decided to gift the statue to Nangchen because of the large Drukpa Buddhist following in the region,\" says Gyalwang Drukpa, a smiling monk with a twinkle in his eye.Just beside the golden Buddha, amidst the ruins of what was once an Ashokan stupa, a brand new stupa is taking shape, thanks to funds raised by a charity begun by local monks, with support from the Drukpa.\"People here are very poor. his region is so remote that nobody knows about it. Both the Buddha statue and the Ashokan stupa are very auspicious for us and will attract tourists who will take photos of the area and share them on the internet. People will then get to know about our land,\" says Ang Wang Shi Rab, a schoolteacher from Nangchen.Tourism, he believes, will help the economy of the region, giving rise to restaurants, a new service sector and better transport.\"If you make a wish to the statue, all your dreams will be fulfilled. The statue will help you to be reborn in the 'Pure Land',\" he adds. Gau Yuan Twe, an attractive young nurse from Nangchen, feels the Buddha will bring happiness and good-fortune to the region. The locals aren't the only ones looking to tourism. Researchers from John Hopkins University (USA) are working on a model for sustainable eco-tourism to uplift the area, for which they, too, are looking to the monasteries of Nangchen. While Nangchen may now be a forgotten land tucked away in the hills of China, it was once a bustling centre for trade and politics in eastern Tibet. The people of this region hope the Buddha statue will help Nangchen return to its glory days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15497885", "title": "Guwahati youth draw a blank on significance, outcome of Assam Accord", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Assam Accord will enter its 27th year on August 15 but it is ironic that even after so many years, most students and a large section of the general populace in the city don't have much idea about what the accord stood for and what was its outcome.The Assam Accord has a special place in the hearts of the people of the state as it ended the six-year-long Assam Agitation which was called for the ouster of \"foreigners who had settled here and were encroaching on the state's land and the socio, economic and cultural fabric of the people.\"Posers by the TOI on what the Assam Accord was, what it stood for, what came out of it, and between whom was it signed drew blank expressions from most of the students in the city. Some \"guessed\" it was signed by Indira Gandhi and the state, some replied that Gauhati University was born as a result of the accord while others smiled and accepted their ignorance in the matter.What's more interesting is the fact that some of the students who were questioned by TOI were part of the big Aasu rally that had gathered to protest against non-implementation of the core principles as enshrined in the accord.\"We have come here to protest against violence and illegal Bangladeshis,\" said a young protester from a city college. When asked what were the basic principles enshrined in the Assam Accord, he said, \"To fight corruption and bring in an honest government.\"The same question posed to a group of female protesters from a reputed girls' college, drew the response: \"Umm... Maybe it was Rajiv Gandhi University that came into being as a result of signing of the accord.\"\"This is the fate of our new generation; all they care about are cricket and Bollywood. If they don't know what the Assam Accord stood for and what we got as a result of it, then I don't know what their future is going to be,\" said Utpal Das, a resident of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "los angeles", "code": "15499932", "title": "'Chemical in lipsticks can cause heart ailments'", "text": "LOS ANGELES: A chemical commonly used in lipsticks, handwashes and other personal-care products may cause heart problems and muscle impairment, a new study has claimed.Scientists at the University of California have found that triclosan, which is used in hundreds of household products, can hinder the process by which muscles, including the heart, receive signals from the brain. In tests on mice, they noted a 'dramatic' 25% reduction in heart function within 20 minutes of exposure, and warned there is 'strong evidence' it could affect human health.However regulators and other experts insist triclosan levels in products are safe, and that the doses injected into the mice were higher than those to which humans would ever be exposed.Previous studies have found that triclosan may have links to thyroid and fertility problems, this is the first time its effects have been tested on muscles. Scientists had thought that the chemical - which was devised to prevent bacterial infections in hospitals \u2014 was metabolized quickly by the body without harmful effects.However, the researchers at the University of California say it may remain active and be transported to organs, causing damage. \"Triclosan is found in virtually everyone's home and is pervasive in the environment,\" said professor Isaac Pessah, who led the study.\"These findings provide strong evidence that it is of concern to both human and environmental health.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15503334", "title": "Rule 65: You have the freedom to laugh", "text": "This Independence Day, laughter has not died. The state human rights commission proved this, as it asked the state government to compensate Ambikesh Mahapatra and his neighbour over the case of the curious cartoons lampooning the chief minister.The case is a pointer to the fact that in a mature democracy \u2014 all of 65 years old \u2014 the ability to laugh, especially at oneself, is a precious quality. So, here's raising a toast to laughter. This August 15, let the cartoonists sharpen their pencils and their wits. Let them target those whose actions raise a storm of jokes on social networking sites. Here's our list of people we want caricatured. As for the rest: grumpy faces, vanish!Chhote muh, badi baat! First, the punch-up with a South African businessman, then the confusion over marriage dates and finally, his 'joke' about working with Natalie Portman , our Chhote Nawab has turned his habit of courting controversy into an art form. But Natalie didn't quite see the joke and was reportedly planning to sue the Bolly actor for spreading false rumours. Last heard, our Tiger cub from Pataudi was issuing apologies all around. If only you roared a little less, Saif!Keep Paes with controversy From tennis hero to the ageing zero, our Beckbagan boy travelled the full distance as the Paes-Bhupathi serve-and-volley slanging match got played out on prime time like a saas-bahu serial. Both of them went down \u2014 with different partners though \u2014 but the biggest loser? Indian tennis! Paes put his big trainers in his mouth as he said he didn't know if his partner Vishnu has grass-court shoes. Talk about being condescending!Life on the 'fast' track Baba Ramdev ko gussa kyun ata hai? Black money, corruption, political wheeling dealing: the Baba showed us how to rave, rant and fast this year. The yoga guru \u2014 who thinks sex education should be replaced with yoga classes in schools \u2014 showed some smart manoeuvres as he hobnobbed with the Hindutva brigade and lambasted the Congress. He could be a wily politician, only if he wasn't in the habit of fleeing the police dressed as a woman.Cut above the rest Snip, snap, snipe! Our I&B; ministry (headed by Ambika Soni ) has had a great time this year as the censors went into overdrive, ordering cuts to sex scenes, asking for smoking disclaimers and generally making life difficult for filmmakers and the audience. Case in point: \"The Dirty Picture\" got clearance for prime-time telecast \u2014 but only after 15 cuts! How about loosening up a bit and giving creativity some free rein, Ms Soni?Is it Mumbai or Dhoble Ghat? Ram says: \"I wish Dhoble was alive during my times. I would have sent him to raid Lanka instead of Hanuman.\" That's one of the Dhoble jokes doing the rounds on Twitter. The Mumbai cop showed what it takes to be Killjoy King as he raided pubs and drove out patrons for flouting the city's archaic laws. He's been called Taliban and an FB page called 'Dhoble \u2014 Oppressor of the Innocent Public' has thousands of members. But guess what? Dhoble's lovin' it!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15500519", "title": "Contractor asked to pay up for wheat damage", "text": "VADODARA: Forty-eight hours after the massive wastage of nearly 1,000 tonne wheat, the Central Warehousing Corporation (CWC) issued a notice to the contractor who failed to shift the bags in time.The firm, Shri Nidhi Corporation, that was hired to shift the bags from railways yard to CWC godown in Chhani will have to give explanation for the delay. The notice issued on Tuesday has also mentioned that the contactors will have to pay up for the damage caused to the wheat.CWC regional manager VK Tyagi said that the notice is issued as a part of the procedure. \"A notice has been sent to the contractor as he couldn't move the wheat bags in time. All the bags have been moved to the CWC godown and now we will assess the damages. Financial penalty will be imposed on the contractor once we assess the extent of damages,\" Tyagi told TOI.CWC managing director B B Pattanaik also visited the railway yard and the CWC godown in Chhani on Tuesday night. \"He took a round of the yard and CWC godown to take stock of the situation,\" said Food Corporation of India (FCI) manager N Mohan. Sources said that Pattanaik gave necessary directions to the CWC officials to avoid such incidents in future.When asked whether the contractor would be blacklisted after the incident, Tyagi said that the same contractor has been transporting wheat bags properly over years and he cannot be blacklisted for a one-off incident. \"Wheat doesn't get damaged even if it becomes wet. We will retrieve as wheat bags as possible. According to our estimates the losses must not be more than two per cent of the stock,\" Tyagi said.The FCI had sent in 54,000 wheat bags to Vadodara on August 10 and they were to be shifted to CWC godown. However, the contractor managed to shift 30,000 wheat bags while rest bags were left the railway yard in open. On the night of August 11, it rained heavily leaving the bags wet and damaged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15500492", "title": "War veteran spurned choice to join Pak army", "text": "VADODARA: The country's partition was yet to be announced formally, but the air was rife with rumours. Fresh from the battle fields of WW-II in West Asia, several Army officials faced a dilemma in 1946 when the Army asked for their choice - 'India or Pakistan'? All of 21, second lieutenant Madan Mohan Bakshi of Hodson's Horse regiment, decided to follow some of his colleagues who wanted to serve under their senior and Pakistan's designate Army chief, Gen Sir Frank Messervy.\"The army was apolitical and insulated from the mainstream society then, that there were no talks of communalism among the armed forces. We opted for Pakistan with the sole consideration that our lands and houses were going to be located in those parts,\" recalls the Peshawar-born, 87-year-old retired brigadier, at his home in Makarpura.Then, rioting started and communities turned against each other in hitherto peaceful neighbourhoods. \"My regiment was in Ahmednagar and I was scheduled to leave for Pakistan in a few days when the north went up in flames. We then changed our option to India,\" he recalls.August 1947 also has another bitter-sweet memory for the officer, who went on to wear the rank of a major-general when training army officials in Iraq. He got married in a hurry, on August 7, barely a week before partition. Engaged to Prakash, who lived in Rawalpindi - where looting and burning took place first -Bakshi was asked by his in-laws to take her responsibility.\"Our baraat consisted of 8 uniformed officers, including my elder brother, who walked through curfew-bound streets of Rawalpindi to reach her house. I actually had to point a gun at the priest's waist, whispering in his ears to hurry up with the formalities, as there was fear of rioting once darkness fell,\" Bakshi recalled.Bakshi, who had joined British Army in Lahore in 1944 in an emergency commission, went on to fight the 1965 and 1971 wars with Pakistan. During his distinguished service, he went on to win the second highest gallantry award, Mahavir Chakra for the tank battles in Sialkot sector. He destroyed three Patton tanks of Pakistan. He made Vadodara his home in 1979 after retirement as two of his seven brothers were settled here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15499065", "title": "SC: Can we limit govt to only auction for resource allocation?", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Tuesday said the level of corruption and illegal mining in the country has not escaped its attention but asked whether it could entitle the top court to limit the government's statutory options in allocating natural resources to auction method only.Appearing for 2G scam petitioner NGO 'Centre for Public Interest Litigation', senior advocate Shanti Bhushan said since the Supreme Court ordered auction to be the sole method for allocation of natural resources while cancelling 122 spectrum licences, there had been no new scam in the country.\"But if the Supreme Court clarifies the 2G judgment and allows other methods for allocation of natural resources, it would open a window for scams to take place and then people would blame the judiciary for this,\" he said while requesting the court to return the presidential reference unanswered.A bench of Chief Justice S H Kapadia and Justices D K Jain, J S Khehar, Dipak Misra and Ranjan Gogoi said, \"We are conscious of what is going on in the country and the years of corruption in coal mining. Wherever we find corruption in awarding of contracts, we will surely strike it down. But, can we limit the government's options and prescribe that auction alone should be the method?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "15503748", "title": "Mohali airport terminal to be ready within 16 months: Badal", "text": "MOHALI: For easy connectivity to Punjab, deputy chief minister Sukhbir Singh Badal said that award for construction of Mohali airport has been given to a multinational company and airport terminal would be ready within 16 months.He was speaking after unfurling tricolor in Independence Day function held today in Government College, Phase-6.Punjab government has already acquired land for expansion of Ludhiana airport and latest state-of-art night landing instrumentation have been already installed at airport. He said that with the expansion of Ludhiana airport Boeing-320 planes could be able to land at Ludhiana airport, he said.Domestic flights from Bathinda airport would start next month and Punjab government has already approached Union government to allow civil flights from Adampur Army Airport. Badal said that with the completion of all these airports, Punjab will be the only state in the country that will have international airports at the distance of every 60 km.Meanwhile, denying any differences with BJP on resource mobilization, Badal said that whatever decision we take we take it as a collective unit and there was no question of any difference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15498306", "title": "BJP charges Delhi, Haryana police with helping Kanda", "text": "NEW DELHI: The BJP on Tuesday accused the police of Haryana and Delhi of collusion to save former minister Gopal Goyal Kanda in the Geetika Sharma suicide case.The sensational suicide figured in the Lok Sabha when Shimla MP Virendra Kashyap raised it as a matter of urgent importance and was supported by the BJP contingent.Kashyap trained his guns on the fugitive Kanda, who was forced to resign as junior home minister in the Bhupinder Hooda government after the suicide came to light. In her suicide note, Geetika accused Kanda of mentally harassing her and Kashyap highlighted the point to claim that Kanda was responsible for driving the former air hostess to kill herself.There were protests as the BJP MP spoke and Speaker Meira Kumar advised him to desist from naming Kanda.Virendra Kashyap led the BJP charge in the Lok Sabha and said that while former Haryana minister Gopal Kanda had to resign from the state government, police should have spoken to him immediately.\"It is regrettable that he is out of police reach today and has been declared an absconder. I think Delhi Police is complicit in this. The Haryana police are trying to save him. A person, who has so many IPC charges against him, is roaming freely and has not been arrested,\" Kashyap said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15497685", "title": "Neath for Independence Million", "text": "PUNE: Bezan Chenoy-trained filly Neath appears to have the form to shed her maiden ranks in the PRA Independence Million, the feature event of the Wednesday's Pune races. Altaf Hussain-schooled gelding Celestial Call, however, can upset Neath's plans.The Governor's Gold Cup is split into two divisions. While Pesi Shroff's colt Rembrandt is expected to win the upper division, Malesh Narredu's Barrigo may win the lower division.There are 10 races on Wednesday with first starting at 12.45 pm.Selections1. Oriental Express Plate (1000m): Star Goddess 1, National Glory 2.2. Antonios Trophy (1400m): Amadeus 1, Cent Per Cent 2.3. Pune Sub-Area Trophy-Div-II (1200m): Mable 1, Sterling Silver 2.4. Pune Sub-Area Trophy-Div-I (1200m): Mzima 1, Relic Hunter 2.5. Governor's Gold Cup-Div-II (1200m): Barringo 1, Bucharest 2.6. Governor's Gold Cup-Div-I (1200m): Rembrandt 1, Ice Empire 2.7. PRA Independence Million (2000m): Neath 1, Celestial Call 2.8. Thanda Plate (1200m): Queens Kiss 1, Source Code 2.9. B K Lagad Memorial Gold Trophy (1000m): Ishpingo 1, This Ones For You 2.10. Eau De Vie Plate (1600m): Kaskazi 1, That's My Master 2.Day's best: Queens Kiss", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15499501", "title": "Mob thrash traffic cops", "text": "HYDERABAD: After an altercation between a motorist and a traffic constable over payment of a challan, angry mob thrashed traffic cops at Shivam Road on Tuesday morning.At about 10am, Kacheguda traffic police constable B Naga Mohan Rao, who was part of the team conducting special checks at Shivam Road, intercepted the bike of T Prakash, an employee of Yashoda hospital The constable keyed in the bike's registration number and found that there was Rs 270 challan amount pending against the vehicle. He immediately issued a challan and asked Prakash to pay the amount at a nearby eSeva centre and take the bike.Prakash insisted that he would pay the challan later and when Mohan was busy with other motorists, the former tried to flee on the bike. However, Mohan stopped him quickly and took the keys. A fight ensued during which the bike key which was in the constable's hand pressed against Prakash's neck and he started bleeding slightly. Seeing this, locals and passersby gathered at the spot and soon the mob began punching and kicking MohanASI Khader Moinuddin and a Home Guard, who were conducting vehicle checks at nearby junctions, reached the spot and tried to rescue Mohan from the mob, but they were pushed away. Meanwhile, Kacheguda traffic SI R Ramaiah reached the spot and someone from the mob hit him on the back. Alerted by the traffic police, the Amberpet law and order cops reached the spot and arrested Prakash, Jabil Shareef of Vattepally, Haneef of Falaknuma and Jagdeesh from Amberpet.Cases were booked against them under Section 353 of the IPC. Prakash also lodged a com plaint against the traffic police, but cases are yet to be booked against the police personnel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15499708", "title": "Change of guard not to affect project", "text": "KOCHI: The change of guard at Kochi Metro Rail Limited is not likely to affect the project.A KMRL source said the change would bring in clarity on the responsibilities and liabilities of the three stakeholders: the Centre, the state and the KMRL. It would also define the role of the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC), the agency executing the project.Though the Centre had sanctioned the project on August 3, the metro authority could not proceed to the next level due to ambiguity in executing the plan.Apart from the preparatory works carried out by the DMRC, and the land acquisition procedures undertaken by the district administration, the project had not made any significant progress, sources privy to the development said.Once the new managing director, and other board members take charge, the board would meet to discuss various aspects of the project, such as fund allocation and utilization.\"Before announcing anything new, the stakeholders will have to sign a tri-party agreement defining their roles. Details on the procurement of loan from the Japan International Cooperation Agency, and terms and conditions of repayment will be listed out,\" the source said. The KMRL source said that Elias George was familiar with the project and would not face any difficulty in taking over the mantle from Tom Jose.The district administration, meanwhile, said it had received the order to initiate land acquisition by invoking the emergency clause. \"The changes in the board of directors will not affect the acquisition process. The 4 (1) notification to begin the process will be issued in a week's time,\" said Mohandas Pillai, deputy collector for land acquisition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15498044", "title": "MLA in court against \u2018mosque\u2019 demolition", "text": "NEW DELHI: MLA Shoaib Iqbal, accused of aiding illegal construction of a mosque on government land in Old Delhi, has moved the Delhi high court to restrain the Archaeological Survey of India from taking any \"coercive\" action against the existing structure.Iqbal filed the fresh plea following the high court order that had asked ASI to demolish the illegal constructions to ascertain if the remains of the Mughal-era Akbarabadi mosque existed at the Metro railway project site near Subhash Park in central Delhi.The application, which is likely to come up for hearing on August 17 before a three-judge bench headed by acting Chief Justice A K Sikri, also sought that a committee of eminent citizens be constituted to oversee the ASI work.Iqbal, who is facing contempt notice for allegedly raising the structure in the park, has proposed the committee include former Chief Justice of Delhi high court Rajender Sachar, Jamia Milia Islamia's vice chancellor Najib Jung and ASI former director K K Mohammad as members of the expert committee. The MLA has also cited excerpts from history books to drive home his point that the Akbarabadi mosque was built in 1650 by Mughal emperor Shahjahan's wife.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15499163", "title": "Students\u2019 union poll: Manifestos get weirder", "text": "JAIPUR: The manifestos of students contesting the Rajasthan University elections have weird promises. Most of them have nothing to do with the overall growth of the student community. Removal of vice-chancellor BL Sharma from the post, withdrawing police cases against student leaders, unveiling statutes of community heroes and removing semester system top the list.National Students' Union of India ( NSUI) candidate for the top post, Vidhyadhar Meel feels that putting up statues of national heroes at every possible place is necessary to infuse positive energy among students. \"The statues will help in maintaining law and order too as the students will not dare to create ruckus near the statues,\" said Meel, who was blank when asked about his plan to enhance the quality of education.Rajesh Meena, Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad's ( ABVP) presidential candidate has different plans. He wants to re-introduce the 'guru-shishya' tradition in the university. During his speech at a girls' hostel Meena assured them of complete ban on boys' entry after 5 pm but conveniently forgot that he himself was making rounds of the girls' hostels till 8.30 pm.His promises had nothing new to offer but stuck to old issues like drinking water, lights, gym, cleanliness, good food and TV sets for PhD scholars. When asked about the most important issues for the nation, he paused and replied, \"I think employment and poverty.\" Unlike DU and JNU, here elections are contested on micro issues. Even issues of corruption and Baba Ramdev's agitation are alien in these elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15498237", "title": "Plea against Vidarbha Cricket Association maintainable: HC", "text": "NAGPUR: In a setback to the Vidarbha Cricket Association (VCA), the Nagpur bench of the Bombay high court has rejected its preliminary objection against entertaining a plea filed by four-time Ranji Trophy player Anil Khare challenging its decision to stop his monthly pension. The petitioner had knocked judiciary's doors protesting association's decision to discontinue his pension from January last year after paying him for five months in 2010.\"Preliminary objection fails,\" a division bench comprising justices SC Dharmadhikari and justice MT Joshi ruled in an 18-page order, before fixing Thursday as the next date of hearing.\"Recognizing and acknowledging the talent and services of even former Test/Ranji players, to the game of cricket, is thus a function which certainly involves an element of public duty and character. It cannot be looked as an isolated activity,\" the judges observed.\"Since VCA is discharging a duty akin to public duty, though it is a Society registered under the 1860 Act, it can be termed as 'person' or 'authority' as provided by Article 226 of the Constitution of India,\" they added.While rejecting VCA counsel Akshay Naik's contentions, the judges observed that Article 1 of the Constitution, Memorandum and Rules of VCA stated that it is affiliated to the Board of Control for Cricket in India ( BCCI ). \"As far as the Band its affiliates are concerned, it is conceded that they do discharge some functions which can be said to be akin to public duties or state functions,\" the judges stated.The septuagenarian cricketer who played Ranji Trophy for VCA was also its life member. In August 2010, VCA's executive committee passed a resolution for framing a monthly pension scheme of Rs 5,000 for its former Ranji players. Khare claimed that the VCA stopped pension from January last year without any notice or hearing. After sending four letters, the VCA informed him that it was discontinued as per the decision of its executive committee on June 13 last year.The senior citizen then moved the court terming VCA's decision as arbitrary and against the principles of natural justice. VCA, in its reply, contended that the petitioner was involved in anti-association activities and he was expelled with some others after a thorough enquiry. According to the petitioner, the enquiry officer and lawyer Avinash Gupta, was biased and hostile atmosphere at the venue of the enquiry made their participation nearly impossible.Appearing on the petitioner's behalf, TB Golhar pointed out that Khare and former VCA secretary JK Jatar were expelled in 2006 whereas the pension scheme was launched in 2010. He contended that VCA merely pointed out certain irregularities as per the report of joint charity commissioner's office.After hearing arguments and cases cited by both sides, the high court reserved the order last month. \"VCA's aim and objectives show that to encourage cricket is one of the public duties undertaken by it,\" the court said, before dismissing VCA's objections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "15502331", "title": "Independence Day revives the memories of family loss", "text": "AMRITSAR: Every Independence Day revives the memories of Kultar Singh Chawla whose father Mangal Singh along with his brothers Labh Singh, Kesar Singh and Labh Singh's son Ranjit Singh martyred 17 members of their family including women and children in the precincts of their Haveli in Thapnala village in Gujjranwala district of Pakistan to save them from being raped, tortured and butchered on hands of Muslim mob during 1947 Indo-Pak partition holocaust.\"Few days after partition the family lived in immense threat but on August 23rd when Muslim's mob started attacking Hindu and Sikh villages, my father and his brothers decided to take extreme step to safeguard the honour of family,\" said Kultar Singh while talking to TOI on Wednesday.He said his father Mangal Singh told him that one of his Muslim friend Rasul Bakash @ Rasula asked him to get one of family's girl married with him. \"When he told same to his brother Labh Singh, he got agitated and asked my father to bring him home,\" said Kultar Singh adding that as Rasula entered in their Haveli they offered him all the gold and money they had for the safe passage. \"But when Rasula started collecting gold and money in a sheet Labh Singh picked up kirpan and removed his head, this was the pride of my family,\" said he.And next day the male members of family decided to take extreme step to save pride of family . All the 4 elder male members of family martyred 17 women and children member of family before coming to India. He informed that Balwant Singh, then 12, son of Ranjit Singh prayed not to kill him and vouched that he would fight against the Muslim mob.Those martyred in the incident Inder Kaur and Parkash Rani wife and daughter of Kesar Singh respectively, Rawail Kaur, wife of Mangal Singh , Swaran Rani, Satnam Rani, Guddi , daughters of Mangal Singh , Manjit Singh, son of Mangal Singh, Amar Rani, Harbans Rani , Sunil Rani, daughters of Karam Singh, Attar Kaur, wife of Labh Singh , Darshan Rani, Raj Rani, daughters of Labh Singh, Rajinder Kaur wife, Ranjit Singh, Kulwant Singh, Sardar Singh and Bachittar Singh sons of Ranjit Singh. \"Even if I had been in place of my father I would have also done the same,\" said Kultar who informed that on every August 23rd the family holds a gathering at Gurdwara Rani Bazar to pay homage to their family members . He said when his father arrived India after Indo Pak partition along with other brothers he re married here. \"Till his last breath , he couldn't forget the incident and used to talk about that,\" he said.Kultar's son Harpal Singh is proud of what his grandfather did to save the pride of family. \"It was the best decision they took else , you know what wrong could have been done to our ladies and children\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15497939", "title": "Malaria spreads among relief camp inmates, 59 cases reported so far", "text": "GUWAHATI: Cases of malaria are being reported in the relief camps of the riot-hit BTC area, but doctors and other health officials claim that the number of cases is very small and there is nothing to panic. They added proper measures are being taken to ensure that the disease doesn't reach the status of an epidemic in the camps. The total number of malaria cases reported from the camps of Kokrajhar, Chirang, Dhubri and Bongaigaon is 59.PJ Gogoi, regional director, health and family welfare, said, \"We are conducting screening programmes and proper medicines are being administered and DDT is being sprayed in the camps regularly.\"Jayanta Narlikar, DC Kokrajhar, said, \"There are only about 50-60 cases reported till now and we are spraying a lot of DDT in and around the camps. We have also distributed over 2,000 mosquito nets in the camps. So far, we are taking utmost care to ensure that the situation doesn't go out of hand and we are doing our best to prevent an outbreak.\"Uttam Brahma, district programme manager, Kokrajhar, said, \"Though the situation is improving now, this is the monsoon season and during this time we do get reports of malaria outbreaks. In the camps too, a few malaria cases have been reported, but there is nothing to be worried.\"Malaria has always been a problem for the people of the state, especially during the monsoon, even though the health department claims to carry out awareness programme every year, besides spreading DDT and distributing mosquito nets. The official said that proper measures are being taken to ensure that the number of cases do not increase.\"We are trying to maintain proper hygiene in the camps and we have distributed specially-treated mosquito nets for the inmates recently,\" he said.Other than malaria, cases of dysentery, diarrhoea and respiratory tract infection were also reported amongst the children from two to four years in the camps, after which a special kit and medicines were distributed among the camp inmates.\"Malaria is very normal in the season and it is not occurring only in the camps. proper measures are being taken and things are under control,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15500193", "title": "Trichy college plea on philosophy course rejected", "text": "TRICHY: The state government has rejected National College's appeal to scrap the philosophy course. But regional joint director of collegiate education (RJDCE), Trichy, Ravi Shankar told TOI on Tuesday that since he was holding additional charge as regional director, he was not in a position to implement the government order. Ravi Shankar, principal of Thiruverumbur Government College of Arts and Science, holds additional charge as RJDCE by virtue of his seniority.Three of the six students who sought admission to the philosophy course in National College met Ravi Shankar, but the latter could not make much headway in this regard. \"I have personally verified the bonafides of the students, including their ration cards, since apprehensions were raised in certain quarters that the students did not exist in the first place,\" Ravi Shankar said. However, things did not move forward successfully for the admission of the students who had come to the college on Tuesday.However, on Tuesday night, Ravi Shankar got his freedom as he has been appointed RJDCE of Chennai region with immediate effect, and the principal of Namakkal Government College of Arts and Science, Veeramani, will step in as full-fledged RJDCE. National College, by a resolution in December, 2011, first made a proposal under Section 25 of the Tamil Nadu Private Colleges (Regulations) Act, 1976, to the Director of Collegiate Education to wind up the philosophy course citing poor enrolment, but the move was rejected by the director in April, 2012. On the contrary, the director asked the college to find ways to improve student intake. The government's position was that since it was the government that paid the salaries of the teachers, the college should not have any qualms in running the philosophy course.National College appealed to additional chief secretary for higher education , Dr T S Sridhar, who rejected it saying since as many as 37 assistant professors were serving in philosophy departments of eight government aided colleges in the state, and since the course was unique, the appeal to close it down had been rejected.Meanwhile, state president of the Association of University Teachers, K Pandiyan, told TOI, \"The aided colleges have become a law unto themselves. Have they grown in such stature that they can disown a government order? Even today, National College refused to admit the six students to the philosophy course. This is a mockery of the system.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15500494", "title": "MSUSU polls: 18 file papers for general secretary, seven for vice-president posts", "text": "VADODARA: As many as 18 candidates have filed their nomination for the post of general secretary (GS) and seven others for the post of vice-president (VP) ahead of the M S University Students Union (MSUSU) polls. A total of 82 other candidates have submitted their nomination for the posts of nearly 22 faculty representatives (FRs).On Tuesday which was the last day of filing nominations for the MSUSU polls scheduled on August 22, the union pavilion witnessed a huge rush of candidates and 'netas'.Although the contest for the two top posts of union GS and VP will be mainly between the candidates supported by the Akhil Bharatiya Vidhyarthi Parishad (ABVP) and the National Students Union of India (NSUI), there are other candidates too who have decided to jump in the poll fray.Both ABVP and NSUI supported candidates submitted their nominations by taking out a rally with their supporters at the pavilion office.While ABVP has roped in former faculty general secretary of Faculty of Technology and Engineering Jayesh Balai along with Sai Vichare, NSUI has roped in its last year candidates Gautam Nayak and Bhumika Barot as its candidates for the posts of GS and VP respectively. Balai is a third year Bachelors of Engineering (mechanical stream) student. Vichare is a second year student of Faculty of Arts. Nayak is a student of Masters of Arts (Russian) while Barot is a Masters of Commerce (accountancy) student.Although the union officials had received 85 nominations for the posts of FRs, nomination forms of three students were rejected after scrutiny.\"We have rejected this nomination forms as although this students had taken admission at Faculty of Arts, Faculty of Law and Padra college this year, they have not submitted the record of their past admissions. We cannot entertain nomination of those candidates who do not support their candidature with the relevant documents,\" returning officer for MSUSU PM Shah told TOI.Interestingly, a total of 52 forms for the post of GS, 54 forms for the post of VP and 395 forms for the posts of FRs were issued by the union office-bearers. Till Monday afternoon, only one candidate had submitted nomination for the post of GS and two candidates for the posts of FRs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15500603", "title": "He wields the pen adroitly for his young age", "text": "Mangalore: When most children of his age spend their free time playing, 15-year-old Harsha used it to give wings to his creativity. He has penned a 180-page novel in Kannada - 'David Robert Matthu Chip'.The book will be released during the Independence Day celebration of Noble High School on Wednesday. Harsha, a class X student of the school, is all excited the launch of his first novel. \"My father PV Pradeep Kumar is a writer. He and my mother Sunitha are my inspiration to become a novelist. My father always motivated and encouraged me to write. I am now working on the second part of the novel and I will continue to write books in future,\" he said.Harsha started writing short stories at the age of 11. \"I have written six short stories so far. My first short story 'Mola Matthu Nari' was published in Balamangala, a Kannada magazine. 'David Robert matthu Chip' deals with adventures of David, the protagonist,\" he said.According to his headmistress Anitha Sunil Bangera, Harsha is an all-rounder. \"He is excellent in studies . He always scores highest marks in his class. It is really commendable that he writes proficiently in Kannada even though he is an English medium student,\" she said. His book has already been selected as the best children's novel by the central library department. Sahana Prakashana is publishing the book.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15502425", "title": "Mahindra Satyam: Former customers coming back to us", "text": "NEW DELHI: Satisfied with its three-year transformation journey from the once scam-hit Satyam Computer, Mahindra Satyam has said the customers who had left it during uncertain times are returning back to its fold.\"Our clients who left us during the uncertain times have started returning to the Mahindra Satyam fold. Clients that had imposed an embargo on awarding fresh projects to us, have since revoked their decision,\" Chairman Vineet Nayyar said.Addressing the Mahindra Satyam shareholders in his annual letter, Nayyar further said: \"We are quite happy with our current situation as we can now focus on business without the distraction of lawsuits.\"Mahindra Satyam is currently in the process of getting merged with Mahindra group's another IT firm Tech Mahindra .Nayyar said the company has seen a lot of positive sentiment among the stakeholders following the merger announcement with Tech Mahindra.\"We have received approval on the merger from the stock exchanges and the Competition Commission of India (CCI). We appreciate the overwhelming support of the shareholders in endorsing the merger, which now awaits the approval of the High Courts of Maharashtra and Andhra Pradesh.\"We are currently aligning our processes and would ensure a seamless integration of all systems, processes, best practices across our delivery, approach, customer centricity, and Associate (employee) delight,\" he said.Nayyar said the fiscal year 2011-2012 was a year of steady growth for Mahindra Satyam and it maintained the promising note with which the year had begun.\"The global situation has been tense and customers are focussed on sustainability of benefits and are looking at strong and reliable partners who will enable growth.\"We find ourselves increasingly well-positioned to capitalise on the changing demand cycle,\" he said, while citing the recent contract wins from a leading precious metals and financial services group of companies.On the legal front, Nayyar said, the company has settled some claims while one matter was awaiting judicial decision.\"We have also issued a bank guarantee in favour of the Income Tax Department, while vigorously contesting its claim to levy tax on fictitious income,\" he said.The country's biggest ever accounting fraud came to light at the erstwhile Satyam in 2009 after its then Chairman and founder B Ramalinga Raju admitted to inflating cash and bank balances, non-existent accrued interest, understating liabilities and overstating debtors position at the company.Thereafter, the government stepped into the matter and conducted an auction for sale of the IT firm, pursuant to which it was acquired by Mahindra Group and later got renamed as Mahindra Satyam. The investigations into various aspects of the corporate fraud are still continuing.Seeks shareholders' nod for higher charity The rechristened form of once scandal-hit Satyam Computer, will seek next month shareholders' approval to increase the minimum charity contribution by its board of directors four-fold to Rs 20 crore a year.In a notice to its shareholders for the upcoming Annual General Meeting on September 7, Mahindra Satyam has sought their approval for an annual contribution by its board of directors to charitable and other funds an amount of up to Rs 20 crore or five per cent of its three-year average net profit, whichever is higher.The contribution would be made as part of the company's Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) to charitable and other funds, which are not directly relating to the business of the company or the welfare of its employees.The shareholders, at their AGM in 2010, had approved a proposal for such contribution of up to Rs 5 crore or five per cent of the company's three-year average net profit, whichever is higher between the two.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15499070", "title": "Independence Day: Security beefed up at Mumbai airport", "text": "MUMBAI: Security checks at Mumbai airport were beefed up ahead of Independence Day. The recent hijack threat by Lashkar-e-Taiba operatives also prompted the Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) to make the checks more thorough. As per the high alert protocol, manual checking of hand baggage has been increased.\"Almost 100%of the hand baggage is being checked manually. Combing of the air-side, city-side, parking lots and terminal building has also been increased,\" said a senior airport official.\"This is a routine alert due to independence day,\" he added.Many airlines, particularly those flying international routes, all also be conducting secondary ladder point checks. \"Pat-down checks will be conducted on those whose behaviour is observed to be suspicious. General vigilance inside the terminal has also been increased,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15500227", "title": "Little Ones celebrate in a big way", "text": "LUDHIANA: As India stepped into her 66th Independence Day festivities, city schools and other educational institutions celebrated on Tuesday with immense fervour and enthusiasm. With the nationalistic mood gripping old and young alike, students and their parents took part in functions with equal excitement. While the toddlers were overjoyed about getting a day off, students from senior sections worked hard on the march past for Wednesday's functions.Students from many pre-schools celebrated Independence Day dressed up freedom fighters and presented patriotic skits. The schools were decorated with little flags and tricoloured balloons and ribbons.Kiddies Paradise, Kochar Market: Toddlers celebrated 'Jashan-e-Azaadi' with great patriotism. The kids presented skits displaying the struggle of Independence in their own little way. Principal Taranjit Kaur appreciated their efforts and said, \"The kids are really small, but it was a proud feeling to watch them work hard for the skit preparations.\"Maple Bear Canadian Playway &amp; Nursery School, Udham Singh Nagar: Children turned out in I-Day apparel and many of them were dressed up as Mahatma Gandhi , Subhash Chandra Bose, Jhansi Ki Rani, Sukhdev and Bhagat Singh. Clippings freedom fighters were shown to the kids through a PPT presentation. \"I have requested parents to show the flag hoisting ceremony aired live from Red Fort to their kids. The children are excited about the celebrations,\" said principal Veena Agrawal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15498307", "title": "Probe doctor's role, HC tells cops", "text": "NEW DELHI: The doctor who allegedly administered pills to Geetika to terminate her pregnancy will be in trouble, with the Delhi high court on Tuesday asking the police if what the gynecologist did was legal.Justice Bhasin's query came while reading the disclosure statement of accused Aruna Chaddha. \"What about this doctor? Do you think what she did was permissible?\" he asked, forcing the police to admit the doctor's alleged act violates Medical Termination of Pregnancy Act and they will probe her role.Chaddha allegedly disclosed to the police she accompanied Geetika for abortion a few years ago and took them to the clinic after her arrest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15497753", "title": "Museum cherishes Maulana Abul Kalam Azad's lamp that spread education", "text": "RANCHI: Maulana Abul Kalam Azad, one of the stalwarts of the Indian freedom struggle, long back realized that without education, there could be no independence. Since there was no electricity those days, he brought a lantern from New York to facilitate education in the madrassa here. The 5kg lantern is preserved at the Museum of Maulana Azad College bearing testimony to his untiring efforts to spread education.On Independence Day, as the state will remember and pay tributes to the leaders of the independence struggle, the name of Maulana will be topmost on the minds of the people because of the scholar's close association with the state. Member of Madrassa Islamia, Haidar Ali, said, \"Maulana Azad stayed in Ranchi around 1919. In the same year he established the Madrassa Islamia which was later extended to the Maulana Azad College.\"Ali said, \"He was a patron of education and knew freedom would be achieved only if Indians were educated. There was no electricity those days. Azad brought this lantern so that classes at the Madrassa were not affected. The lantern is considered a proof of the struggle for freedom. It is also a reminder of the days Maulana spent in Ranchi.\"Abdul Subhan, principal of the madrassa, said, \"The lantern is important for us. It reminds us about the contribution of freedom fighters and how they shed their blood to give us independence.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "15500580", "title": "Impact fee deadline may be extended, after poor response", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Following the poor response to the impact fee law regularizing illegal structures, whose deadline to apply expires on August 19, the Gujarat government has decided to be lenient in an election year. A high-level meeting chaired by state urban development minister Nitin Patel on Tuesday agreed on extending the deadline to apply for regularizing illegal structures. The decision on extension was found to be \"necessary\" in view of assembly polls, scheduled for December, to avoid a confrontation between local urban authorities and people who own illegal structures in urban areas .The extension of the deadline, informed sources said, is \"likely to be anywhere between three and six months.\" When contacted, state urban development minister Nitin Patel, who returned to Gandhinagar from Vadodara for the meeting, told TOI, \"We have not arrived at a final decision yet. I have scheduled a meeting on it for later this week.\"State urban development officials , monitoring the implementation of the impact fee law, said, there is \"very little response\" in any of the eight municipal corporations, eight urban development authorities attached to them, and 122 municipalities , where the law is under implementation .Out of a total of estimated \"illegal\" 15 lakh houses in the state's urban areas, one official estimated that less than 20,000 applications may have been received till now. \"About 50% of the applications were made in the last week,\" a senior official said.In the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) area, nearly five lakh illegal structures were identified which could have been regularized on payment of an impact fee. \"However, till Tuesday, AMC received a mere 9,000 applications, of which 3,000 were received in the last week,\" the official said, adding, \"In Rajkot, just about 2,000 applications were received against one-lakh-odd illegal structures. About 50% of applications came in the last week.\"While details of other municipal corporations, urban development authorities and municipalities could not be ascertained, officials argue, there is \"nothing wrong in extending the deadline\" , as it was also done in the early 2000s, when three extensions took place to implement the then prevailing impact fee law. \"Several amendments were made till 2003, when the law lapsed,\" one official said.The new impact fee law - called Gujarat Regularization of Unauthorized Development Act, 2011 - has already seen major changes over the last year, after it was cleared by Gujarat governor Dr Kamla following the state assembly decision to accept amendments suggested by her. On June 6, the government decided to bring down the impact fee upper limit for an illegal structure of up to 25 sq metres to Rs 25,000. Thereafter, for every sq metre, it was just Rs 1,000. On June 28, the state government simplified the procedure. There were 14 issues which were sought to be changed. It was decided, for instance , that no zonal certificate would be required to pay the impact fee. The engineers' fee for deciding on illegal structures was also fixed to avoid confusion. \"Even then, there is very little response,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15503219", "title": "Santhanam turns real estate developer", "text": "Looks like Santhanam is making a shrewd move on the personal front. The most wanted comedian is planning to invest in the real estate business to keep himself financially secure once his film career is over.The actor is currently the highest paid comedian in Tamil cinema and naturally, he was wondering how to invest his money so that he has a secure future. Based on the advice of his friends, he has now decided to enter the real estate business.We hear that his friends had given him the example of the go-to comedy of the 80s and 90s, Goundamani and Senthil, who had made a great profit by investing their money by buying houses and renting them out.Now, Santhanam is actually thinking of going one step higher and building premium apartments and flats which he can both rent out or sell to prospective buyers. The pundits in film business term this recent decision of the comedian as a shrewd move.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15501068", "title": "Independence Day speech: PM hopes political parties will help in passage of Lokpal Bill", "text": "NEW DELHI: Against the backdrop of a lack of political consensus on the final shape of the proposed Lokpal, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Wednesday hoped that political parties will help its passage in the Rajya Sabha.\"Our commitment to make the work of the government and administration transparent and accountable stands,\" he said in his Independence Day address.With the Lokpal Bill pending in the Rajya Sabha, Singh hoped that \"all political parties\" will help the UPA government pass the legislation in the Upper House.\"The Lok Sabha has cleared the Lokpal and Lokayukta Bill. We hope that all political parties will help us in passing this Bill in the Rajya Sabha,\" he said.The Bill, passed by the Lok Sabha last year, is being scrutinised by a select committee of the Rajya Sabha and the government hopes to bring it in the Upper House for passage in the ongoing Monsoon session.Differences among parties on the final shape of the obmbudsman had led to the setting up of the select committee which is to give its report by the end of the monsoon session.With several anti-corruption legislations in the offing, the Prime Minister assured public servants that they will be insulated against frivolous allegations.\"We will continue our efforts to bring more transparency and accountability in the work of public servants and to reduce corruption.\"But we will also take care that these measures do not result in a situation in which the morale of public functionaries taking decisions in public interest gets affected because of baseless allegations and unnecessary litigation,\" he said.He also referred to the Public Procurement Bill and said such measures will increase transparency in decision making.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15497438", "title": "Ishant Sharma ready for fresh start", "text": "JAIPUR: Life is a puzzle and nobody knows it better than Ishant Sharma . At 23, the medium-pacer has already witnessed the highs and lows in his career. But he isn't ready to dwell on the lows. Having made it to the squad for the New Zealand series, the Delhi speedster is ready to start afresh.For a cricketer it's painful to be out of action for a long time, but Ishant feels those days were actually a lesson for him. \"To be honest I haven't missed much of international cricket. It was actually the fag end of the season, so most of the players were in a holiday mode. While, most of my teammates could enjoy this break with friends and family, I was bed-ridden. Yes, it did hurt,\" Ishant told TOI.But for him, it's all in the past now. \"I am really looking forward to the New Zealand series. I feel excited to be back after six months,\" he added.In these six months, Ishant's only focus was to get back to cricket. \"There was a time when I even thought of appearing for Class XI examinations, but it has remained just a thought,\" Ishant quipped.He isn't ready to set any targets though. \"It's better to start that way. The moment you set a goal, you are bound to be under pressure. It's an important series for me and I want to play freely.\"Ishant believes that the absence of Rahul Dravid won't be a big blow. \"It's true that Rahul bhai will be missed, but this is how life goes. After a certain point of time, one has to call it a day. With Virat (Kohli), Manoj (Tiwary), Suresh (Raina) in good-form, we shouldn't be worried,\" he admitted.For the speedster, the New Zealand series could well be a new beginning. \"Last season was a disappointing one for us. The defeats against Australia and England really made the going tough. So, this time we have to start on a positive note,\" he said, adding that a 2-0 victory against the Kiwis can indeed be a morale booster for Mahendra Singh Dhoni's brigade.\"Our target would be to thump New Zealand 2-0 and then focus on the series to come. We will be playing 10 Test matches this year, and we will have to overcome odds,\" a confident Ishant remarked.He is also happy with the way Yuvraj Singh has made a comeback. \"It's incredible. There was a time when I thought Yuvi pa wouldn't be able to play again, but he proved us wrong,\" Sharma added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15500433", "title": "Sector 25 resident dies in accident", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a hit-and-run case, a man lost his life after a truck rammed his motorcycle near Panjab University's gate number 3 late on Monday night.\"After hitting the bike of Neeraj, a resident of Sector 25, the truck (HR-45-9668) driver, Sanjeev Kumar of Mohali Phase II, escaped, abandoning the vehicle on the spot. Neeraj was admitted to Government Multi-speciality Hospital, Sector 16, where he later succumbed,\" said a police official.Raids are being conducted to nab the accused.Even on Sunday another hit-and-run case, where a motorcycle driver died whereas the pillion rider was admitted in a hospital with serious injuries, was reported from Sector 25 on Sunday. In this case also, truck driver had fled after abandoning his truck in the middle of the road. This year up to July 31, around 67 precious lives have been lost in different road accidents in Chandigarh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15498067", "title": "Baba Ramdev says goodbye amid crowd\u2019s slogans &amp; bhajans", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even as Baba Ramdev announced his decision to call off the six-day fast, the mood at Ambedkar Stadium was anything but sombre. Ardent supporters of the yoga guru could be seen chanting slogans and singing bhajans till the last hour. As Ramdev waved goodbye to the fervent crowd, supporters promised to come back with more action before the Lok Sabha elections.After spending the night with hundreds of supporters, Ramdev vacated the stadium on Tuesday, heading for his ashram in Haridwar. In the morning, thousands thronged the venue anxiously waiting for the yoga guru to steer the campaign to its next level. While some were trying to get something to eat from vendors outside the stadium, others could be seen sleeping on the seats. Though Ramdev had declared early in the morning that he would break his fast at 11am, the crowd didn't lose its enthusiasm. As the moment neared, more and more people tried to squeeze in near the dais which Ramdev occupied.Before leaving, Ramdev took a final dig at the Congress and mocked the prime minister. However, he punctuated his speech with remarks that had his supporters in splits. \"Next time we will not fight on an empty stomach. Ab to kha pike ladenge,\" he said. He also told the crowds that he hadn't bathed or eaten in six days.The yoga guru had the crowd cheering for him when he announced that he was too rustic to pronounce 'remote.' He was trying to call the prime minister a 'remote' of Sonia Gandhi . Striking a chord with supporters who mostly came from villages, Ramdev said that he grew up in the dusty lanes of an isolated village and was born to illiterate parents. Mocking the efforts of politicians to spend a few hours with dalit families, he said, \"Yeh to hari mirch or lal mirch ka farak nahi jante. (They don't even know whether red chilli and green chilli come from the same plant)\". In his parting speech, Ramdev told the crowd that no matter what, the campaign would focus on destabilizing Congress from power. \"I have told you which party shouldn't get any support and I will also tell you which party to vote for. But not now,\" he said.BJP politician and lawyer Ram Jethmalani shared the stage with Ramdev urging supporters to destabilize the government and call for elections in 2013. \"Uske bad jail ki hawa unhe main khilaunga. I will push for the punishment of corrupt party members after they lose the election,\" he said.A 100-year-old woman also helped Baba break his fast by giving him juice. \"I feel like all my wishes have been fulfilled. I am so happy. Now our hero will do wonders for the country. My family in Muzaffarnagar was not allowing me to come here but I managed to sneak out,\" said Shanti Devi, who has donated all her assets to Patanjali yoga pith.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15497676", "title": "Security increased for Independence Day celebration", "text": "RANCHI: Police department has increased deployment of security personnel at sensitive locations across the state based on intelligence inputs from Centre and special branch to avoid any untoward incident on Independence Day.The department has also deputed additional force in security of MPs and MLAs who have to participate in flag hoisting in remote Maoist hit areas of their constituencies. Out of the 81 assembly constituencies at least 60 are Maoist hit. There are 14 Lok Sabha and six Rajay Sabha MPs in the state.Jharkhand police spokesperson SN Pradhan said that there were some specific inputs about chances of violence on Independence Day from Centre and state's special branch. \"Keeping in mind the threat perception we have deployed additional security forces at different locations,\" adding that at most of the place it was managed by mobilization of forces within the district.Special force deployment has been made at Morhabadi Ground in Ranchi where chief minister Arjun Munda will hoist the national flag. Movement of vehicles including two wheelers will be restricted towards the ground. Only those vehicles which have been issued car pass by the administration will be allowed to go towards the ground till the function is over.Giridih MLA Nirbhay Sahabadi, who represents one of the most sensitive areas in terms of Maoist presence, said that he will hoist national flags at different places within his constituency. \"Some places are very sensitive but I have no plan to visit those areas on Wednesday,\" said Sahabadi.Former minister and sitting MLA from Gomia Madhav Lal Singh has plans to visit some rural areas within his constituency for flag hoisting. \"I have firm believe on people of my constituency and not afraid of any threat. I will go and hoist flag without any security cover,\" said Singh despite his area is in hyper sensitive list.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15499041", "title": "Cancer survivors share tales of success", "text": "CHENNAI: Seven-year-old Geethika from Andhra Pradesh looked at her father if she was hearing it right, that she had been cured. The father nodded encouragingly. The little girl had battled cancer from the age of two and defeated it.Nearly 20 survivors of the dreaded disease along with Dr Anita Ramesh, medical oncologist at Sri Ramachandra Medical College and Kaveri HCG Hospital, had gathered to narrate their experiences about the disease-widely believed to be incurable. \"It is a myth that the disease is incurable. While the survival rate among adults is as high as 60%, among children it is up to 70%. The greatest achievement has been made in the area of childhood cancer. Childhood leukemia used to kill 80% of children, but now more than 80% survive,\" said Dr Anita Ramesh.Krishnaveni, 39, was diagnosed with third stage uterine cancer when she gave birth to twins in 2007. After five years of treatment that included chemotherapy, radiation and surgery, she is today a survivor. \"My willpower and belief in the treatment helped me survive against all odds,\" she said.Bhama, 44, a teacher was depressed for a long time when she came to know about her breast cancer. \" I wanted to be there for my only son. The doctor helped me instill self belief and, after 11 long years of treatment, I won. Now I am completely normal and drive my two-wheeler to school,\" she said.Dr Ramesh said women above the age of 40 should get themselves screened for breast cancer and cervical cancer.In case of men, they should get diagnosed for colon and prostate cancer after they reach the age of 50. Early detection is the key. Apart from medical treatment, psycho-social support is crucial.\"Shanta, 56, another survivor said many patients were not able to afford cancer treatment. Government should provide medicines at a subsidised rate,\" says Shanta, who survived a second stage breast cancer after four years of treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15499154", "title": "Lessons in jail makes him lawyer", "text": "NASHIK: Jailed for murder and disowned by family, Hitesh Shah, a diamond broker from Surat, decided to utilize his time in Nashik Central Jail for studies. Today, he has become a lawyer, practising in the Bombay high court, and handling criminal and civil cases.It was in 1989 that Shah, who used to travel to Mumbai for business, had a tiff with a relative who owed him money and a fight ensued between them, in which the relative was killed. \"It was unintentional,\" said Shah.\"I was arrested and brought to Central Jail. The case went on till 1992 and I was convicted. While in prison, I was thinking what prisoners did after release and found that either they took up petty jobs or chose the wrong path. I wanted to educate myself but my community and family had disowned me and to take admission in college I needed documents. I had photocopies of my school leaving certificate and SSC marksheet. I tried for five years to get admission,\" said Shah.Finally, on the basis of these two documents he appeared for an entrance exam in Yashwantrao Chavan Maharashtra Open University (YCMOU). After completing BA, he took admission in Navjeevan Law College and also did a certificate course in human rights from YCMOU. He tried to complete LLM from Pune University but could not do so.\"I went to the college only for appearing for exams but never felt that I was a convict. I met lot of good people even in jail. I began getting their cases while I was in jail, even before I enrolled as a lawyer. I did not feel the need to work under a senior lawyer. When in prison, I met a senior advocate from Bombay high court, S G Kudle, who was serving a three-month sentence for contempt of court, and whenever I need guidance, I seek it from him,\" said Shah. Since June 2011, Shah has been practising at the high court.\"It is good that YCMOU has started courses for jail inmates but when I did it, this facility was not available. The advantage was that it provided distance education which I needed. The then jail superintendent D N Davane, social worker Saroj Dayma and prisoners Rajkumar Gupta and Fakhruddin Zariwala have contributed in a big way to change my life.\" Shah who was married, got divorced in 1992 when he was convicted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15500514", "title": "Jubilee Grounds ushered in freedom", "text": "VADODARA: Many have been left scratching their heads when posed this question - who hoisted the flag of independent India in the royal state of Baroda on August 15, 1947?However, Harendrasinh Dayma of Sardar Bhawan Trust in Raopura could be holding a credible piece of evidence in the form of 'Prajamandal', a weekly which used to be brought out by Prajamandal movement. A news item in its edition , dated August 21, states that the honours were done by professor Manekraoji and Venibhai Modi, who hoisted the flag on the Jubilee Grounds in the presence of a large number of women from Baroda.\"Professor Manekrao was the head of Prajamandal here and Modiji led the Vadodara Sudhrai organization, which is equivalent to the present day local corporation,\" explains Dayma, who also looks after the functioning of Akhil Bhartiya Sewa Dal. The organization has been running training classes for flag hoisting in the city for the last 30 years.The 'Prajamandal' report further states that a day later, \"Shrimant Yuvraj Sahib (Fatehsinhrao Gaekwad) hoisted the raj dhwaj (royal state flag) and rashtriya dhwaj (national flag) at the coronation of Gymkhana Club on August 16, in the evening.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "15497954", "title": "Kuki rebels under UPF seek meaningful political dialogue", "text": "IMPHAL: The United People's Front (UPF), one of the two apex bodies of various Kuki militant groups that are signatories of the ongoing Suspension of Operations (SoO) with the government, has demanded a meaningful political dialogue.One of the key demands of the front, a conglomerate of six different outfits, is creation of an autonomous tribal state within the state.Though the tripartite SoO agreement between the Centre, the state government and the 19 Kuki outfits operating in Manipur under the two apex bodies - UPF and Kuki National Organization (KNO) - was signed in August 2008, the political dialogue is yet to be initiated.\"The fifth extension of the tripartite SoO will be made very soon and it should be a very meaningful extension,\" said convener of UPF's Joint Monitoring Group (JMP) L Sanga Hmar.According to the UPF functionaries, the total cadre strength of the six outfits under the front - KNF, ZRA, UKLF, HPC (D), KRA (U) and ZDV - is 800 to 1,000.At a media conference held at KNF's 'Ebenezer camp' in Senapati district on Tuesday, Sanga, who is also defence secretary of the HPC(D), emphasized the need to hold a political dialogue with the government.He said that the UPF has recently submitted memoranda to both the Centre and the state government with a charter of demands.While celebrating the fifth anniversary of the UPF on Sunday, the front also extended its greetings on the occasion of Independence Day that falls on Wednesday.On being asked, Sanga said that one of the front's major demands was creation of a 'state within the state' under the Constitution of India.Echoing Sanga, other leaders associated with the UPF explained that the demand is an autonomous tribal state within the state.They also decried the arrest of the front's vice-chairman and deputy commander by Mizoram Police from Silchar airport recently. The two are still in the custody of Mizoram Police.Stating that the arrest would slow down the SoO process, they said they would put up the matter to the government for their release.On May 18, the KNF, the oldest outfit among the SoO signatories, celebrated its silver jubilee at its Ebenezer (designated) camp. A book 'Kukiland (The Land of the Kukis)' was released on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15505380", "title": "There is no drought for dreams: CT Ravi", "text": "MANGALORE: He was always the bridesmaid and never the bride. But when political winds of change in the BJP saw DV Sadananda Gowda step down in favour of Jagadish Shettar, the 45-year-old second time MLA from Chikmagalur CT Ravi finally got to realise his dream of becoming a minister in BJPs first government in the South. His name did the rounds each time a ministry was to be formed in Karnataka but was denied at the last moment.Ravi got the opportunity to discharge his first major ministerial responsibility as the DK district in-charge minister when he hoisted the national tricolour and delivered Independence Day address here on Wednesday. Ravi told TOI that his elevation as a minister has only enhanced his respect for democracy. \"I hail from small middle class farmers' family that had no background of politics for me to become a MLA in the first place,\" he said.Stating that he never dreamt that he would hoist the national tricolour and deliver a speech at the Nehru Maidan, Ravi said he came down to Mangalore from Chikmagalur every time senior BJP leaders including Atal Behari Vajpayee addressed public meetings at this very ground in the past. \"Democracy has shown it has the inherent strength that catapults even a common man to responsible post,\" he said thanking all founders of the Constitution.Asked if he could do justice to his portfolio given that the state government has less than a year to finish its term, Ravi said, \"There is no drought for dreams.\" One can always sow their seeds in the fertile land of Mangalore, he said, adding he was not sure if his government could reap its benefits. \"We can sow our ideas and allow it to germinate,\" Ravi said asserting that he was confident that someone would come along and nurture it in future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15497666", "title": "Tricolour and Bollywood spice up Independence Day spirit", "text": "RANCHI: As the city gears up for the Independence Day celebrations on Wednesday, youngsters are ready with their own agenda where apart from flag hoisting in their respective educational institutions, there will be little activity connected to the country's freedom struggle. Corruption, inflation, black money have little meaning for this brigade who are all ready to hit their nearest theatre to watch brawny heart-throb Salman Khan in action in \" Ek Tha Tiger\".\"In the morning we will go for the Independence Day celebrations at the Mecon Stadium and after that we are going to have a blast. All our friends will get together for 'Ek Tha Tiger'. At night we are planning a party where we plan to play patriotic songs. We will be ordering food from outside,\" gushed Suamil Upadhay, a great fan of Khan.\"We just need an occasion to freak out,\" said student Freya, adding, \"we plan to hit Hi Street Mall in the evening and then head for Glitz for a game of bowling. For dinner, we plan to eat out.\"Parsa Raju, another student, said they will go to school for flag hoisting and then go to see the I-Day parade as a friend in the CISF will be participating. \"I am really excited,\" said Parsa.Since the city hosts many outstation students, hostellers have also chalked out their plans. \"I am a student of a private institute and so I-Day will be celebrated in the hostel itself. We plan to meet on the terrace, hoist the flag and then perform a kind of street play highlighting any current issue. After that we will prepare some sweet dishes and special items for lunch,\" said Heeraman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15498211", "title": "NAAC terms Nagpur University college as 'under performer'", "text": "NAGPUR: The National Assessment and Accreditation Council (NAAC) has termed Nagpur University's Academic Staff College an 'under performer' in its recent report, two Management Council members claimed. In a letter addressed to vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal, the members - Dinesh Agrawal and Abhijit Wanjari - have asked him to immediately convene a meeting of Management Council to discuss the issue.Terming the NAAC rating as a severe setback, the duo said the issue needed to be taken up urgently, along with the overall situation in the university. \"We are shocked and pained to note that NU has miserably failed to measure up to the standards of NAAC,\" they said.Citing the NAAC report, they pointed out that NU administration had failed to implement UGC rules and directives from time to time and also its infrastructural demands. The dilapidated condition of classrooms and college building, and obsolete library were also reasons of concern, they said.A three-member panel under KM Pathan had visited the college and placed NU on 38th position out of 66 universities. \"In the backdrop of tall claims that have been made, this evaluation is an indication of the reality, and need to be dealt with appropriately,\" the members said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15499550", "title": "\u2018Indo-Pak Independence Day\u2019 fete disrupted", "text": "HYDERABAD: Sixteen right-wing activists were taken into preventive custody after they tried to disrupt a programme organised to celebrate India-Pakistan independence on Tuesday.The Confederation of Voluntary Organizations (Cova) organised a programme at Gandhi Darshan Exhibition Hall, Nampally grounds, inviting Hyderabad citizens who have been to Pakistan to get them to share their experiences. School students were also part of the event to receive prizes for competitions that were conducted earlier. The programme started at 11 am but was disrupted when the activists barged in around 11.40 am, reportedly presuming that the national flag of Pakistan would be hoisted during the programme. However, the police arrived immediately and took them into custody. Bajrang Dal state secretary Yemen Singh was amongst those taken into custody.Begum Bazaar police inspector G Shyam Sunder said cases have been booked against both the activists and Cova. \"Cova organised the event without taking permission. Both the parties were let off later,\" he said. Cases have been booked under Section 188 (disobedience to an order laid down by a public servant) of the IPC. Officials of Cova, however, maintained that they had taken necessary permission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15498851", "title": "Supreme Court rap forces state into action", "text": "After a rap on its knuckles by the Supreme Court nearly three weeks ago, Tamil Nadu on Monday hurriedly notified the buffer and core zones in the state's three tiger reserves - Anamalai, Mudumalai and Kalakkad Mundanthurai. The notifications issued in the government gazette are, however, being kept under wraps until the details are submitted to the SC. To avoid a long-drawn public consultation and court process, the state has deleted all controversial patta lands, villages and tourist spots in the area from falling within the notified buffer zone.Recently, several states faced the SC's wrath after missing a deadline for notifying the buffer zones. The issue was brought up in court by a PIL filed by an activist. The court diverted the states to ban tourism in all reserves and comply with the directions by August 22 or face contempt proceedings.In Anamalai Tiger Reserve, the proposed buffer zones and core areas are unlikely to affect tourism. \"Valparai and Top Slip have been notified as buffer zones. Since these include government tourist cottages and elephant safaris, I think tourism would soon resume here,\" said an official who did not want to be named.Earlier, the entire reserve was declared a core area and Valparai was the only municipal town in the world to be situated in the core of a wildlife reserve. This shifting of status to buffer zone has not brought smiles among the locals. \"This is an urban area,\" said Muhammad Shafi, secretary of Tourist Cottages Owners' Association. \"We want it to be outside the forest area completely. We will approach the court on this.\"In Mudumalai Tiger Reserve, an area of about 365 sq km surrounding it has been declared as buffer. According to the proposal, at least 10-15 km of forest area surrounding the core tiger reserve would come under the buffer zone. About 6-10 km of patta and revenue lands will also come under the buffer zone.In Kalakkad Mundathurai Tiger reserve, the entire forest had previously been declared as core area. The forest officials have now identified a few stretches as buffer zone and had sent a proposal to the state about a year ago, suggesting that villages abetting the core for a width of five km be earmarked as buffer zone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15498129", "title": "Baba ends fast with Congress-bashing", "text": "NEW DELHI: Baba Ramdev ended his six-day fast on Tuesday, signing off with a blistering attack on the Congress that bracketed him with the BJP-led NDA, putting an end to any pretension of non-partisanship. The yoga guru repeated his resolve to work for the UPA's defeat in the 2014 Lok Sabha polls, while offering his dais to known Congress-baiters such as BJP MP Ram Jethmalani . Ramdev, who had started the second edition of his campaign by claiming to be politically neutral, appeared pleased as Jethmalani, just like NDA's Subramanian Swamy on Monday, targeted Congress chief Sonia Gandhi and party general secretary Rahul Gandhi. The outburst, lapped up by Baba's supporters, placed him firmly in the anti-Congress column. The NDA and other anti-Congress entities such as the TDP and the BJD had made plain their desire to co-opt the Baba by appearing on his stage to rescue his agitation. The SP and the BSP, who support the Congress government at the Centre, were among those who threw him the political lifeline, although they argued it was restricted to the issue of black money.Before sipping a glass of lemon juice handed over to him by a young brother-sister duo around noon, he asked supporters to ensure that not a single Congress member gets elected. Calling the PM a \"robot\", Ramdev said Manmohan Singh's personal integrity was at stake if he did not act against corruption. \"He (Singh) should show political will and honesty and if he does not show it, he will be deemed as corrupt. If he can't remain politically honest then he should leave the post,\" Ramdev said.It was NDA convener Sharad Yadav who best represented NDA's discovery of the yoga guru as a political asset. Yadav, who generated headlines by lampooning civil society's activism over corruption and their attempt to dictate agenda to government and Parliament, executed an astonishing somersault by being among the first to be on Baba's dais.In defiance of the Delhi Police's repeated warnings that he vacate Ambedkar Stadium, the yoga guru told his supporters who had stayed the night with him that they could have stopped the PM from hoisting the flag but chose not to do it.Ramdev reiterated his slogan \"Congress hatao, desh bachao (Remove Congress, Save the country),\" a sharp departure from the cajoling tone he had adopted at the launch of his fast on August 9, when he sought the cooperation of the government for his black money campaign.Ending the protest, he headed for Dehradun to meet his close aide Balkrishna, who is jailed in a fake document case, while the supporters dispersed, giving relief to authorities planning for Independence Day celebrations.Charging the UPA government with failing to bring back black money, he said the government would have lost if there was any voting on the issue in Parliament. \"If there was voting in Parliament on black money, the government would have lost it. If Mulayam Singh and Mayawati withdraw support, the government will fall in one day,\" he said, adding it has no right to continue.In a last-ditch effort to save face, Ramdev claimed that he had the support of 400 MPs in Parliament and he enjoyed support from all political parties on the black money issue.Holding the Congress responsible for price rise and poverty, he said, asked people not to vote for the party in the next Lok Sabha polls.\"We have decided not to vote for Congress(in 2014). The party has made the poor more poor... and putting more into poverty. You have to tell people that it is Congress which has pushed you to poverty and is responsible for price rise. Next time in the elections, we should ensure that not a single Congress leader gets elected to Parliament. Who to vote for? We will tell you later. We have to vote for those who will bring back black money stashed abroad,\" he said, adding the fast has just been suspended and the fight on the issue will continue.Ramdev was supported by BJP leader Jethmalani who also made some provocative statements. He claimed that many politicians, including Congress leader Rahul Gandhi , had black money stashed abroad and would change his name if 50% of the Cabinet ministers did not land in jail after they were overthrown from power.Former Team Anna member Arvind Kejriwal , too, expressed his support for Ramdev's agitation. He, however, warned, \"We caution him against political parties who are expressing their support. They are neck deep in corruption and their support is mere opportunism.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15498774", "title": "Organs for Vilasrao to benefit 4 patients", "text": "MUMBAI: They were meant to be Maharashtra's gift for former chief minister Vilasrao Deshmukh , but after his death the precious organs - a donated liver, lung and kidneys-went to four Mumbaikars with end-stage organ failure.On Tuesday morning, Hinduja Hospital in Mahim was the site of hectic activity as two surgeons from Chennai's Global Hospital-where Deshmukh was admitted with complications arising out of liver cancer-came down to retrieve the organs.The state government issued a letter to the city's Zonal Transplantation Coordination Centre (ZTCC) according Deshmukh the super urgent category for transplantation. But news soon percolated about Deshmukh sinking and subsequently passing.Late on Tuesday evening, doctors at Hinduja Hospital started retrieving organs from the 49-year-old man who was declared brain dead earlier in the day after suffering brain tumour. As per the ZTCC's waiting list, the kidneys were given to two patients registered with Hinduja Hospital itself and the liver to a patient registered with Jupiter Hospital in Thane. As Hinduja Hospital is the only institute registered for lung transplant, the lung was earmarked for one of their own one its own patients.\"We were requested by the state government for a cadaver for the former chief minister. We have been working on maintaining the brain-dead patient ever since,\" said a Hinduja Hospital doctor, adding that local patients would get the organs now that they wouldn't be sent to Chennai.ZTCC president Dr Gustad Daver said, \"All this underlines the importance of identifying brain dead donors at the earliest and trying to get the organ for patients suffering from end stage organ diseases. Transplants are the last remedy for these patients' survival and their chance of getting back to normal life.\"Incidentally, 2012 has been one of the best years for cadaveric organ donation in Mumbai. Along with Tuesday's donation, 14 cadaveric donations have been registered with the Mumbai authorities. This translates into organs for 25 kidney failure patients, 10 liver failure patients and two lung transplants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15499310", "title": "Russia's 'no mafia in Goa' claim is false: Eduardo", "text": "PANAJI: Countering the claim made by the Russian consul general Alexey Novikov that there was no existence of the Russian mafia in the state, Eduardo Faleiro , former Union minister said many Russians, some with a criminal background, own large properties in Goa.Addressing mediapersons on Tuesday, Faleiro said the Russians own these properties in their own name or 'benami' and have setup restaurants and hotels which often double up as bases for illegal drug trade, prostitution, human trafficking and such other anti-social activities.Novikov, had in an interview to the media last week, denied the existence of a Russian mafia in Goa.Faleiro said, the state health minister Laxmikant Parsekar, is on record as saying at a gram sabha meeting at the Morjim village panchayat that \"these Russians have all kinds of vices and the moment the Russian tourists come to one place all other tourists flee from there. Even earlier, we had tourists from other countries but we never had this problem.\"Parsekar said that the volume of Russian tourists in the state had triggered a virtual cultural invasion in Morjim and surrounding areas and because of their sheer numbers, the Russians were indulging in 'dadagiri'.Two years ago, a Russian murdered a local taxi driver in the area, but still roams freely and carries on his hotel business as usual.\"During my visit last month to the northern coastal belt, I was informed that due to turf wars to control the drug trade, drug dealers of different nationalities settle in different villages. Presently the Israelis control the drug trade in Vagator; Morjim is controlled by the Russians and Calangute and Candolim by the Nigerians,\" said Faleiro.There are places in Goa's coastal belt where Russian and Israeli flags are flown and some tourists openly display sophisticated weapons. Goans in the coastal belt have become aliens in their own land, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15498420", "title": "E-way toll plaza to pay commuter for damage", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi-Gurgaon expressway toll plaza has been ordered by a consumer forum to pay Rs 10,000 as compensation to a commuter for damage to his car due to the accidental fall of a barrier on it at the toll gate.The mishap had occurred at Delhi-Gurgaon Super Connectivity Ltd (DGSCL)-run toll plaza in 2010. The plaza has been asked to pay the sum to east Delhi resident Abhinav Sharma by New Delhi District Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum.Rejecting the toll plaza's contention that the commuter hit the barrier, the bench presided by C K Chaturvedi said he could not have hit the barrier if it was blocking the path.\"The documents filed by the opposite party (toll plaza), the copy of the complaint made by Sharma at the spot after falling of boom barrier, are facts which leave no doubt about the incident. It is not explained how the barrier came down again, within two seconds of the previous vehicle leaving the toll gate. Surely, the complainant did not hit the boom when it was acting as barrier in horizontal position,\" said the forum.\"We hold the opposite party deficient in service at the toll gate. We award a sum of Rs 7,500 to complainant towards damage and harassment and Rs 2,500 as litigation expenses,\" it added.Sharma in his complaint had alleged that on May 19, 2010 evening, during his return from Gurgaon, the barrier rod fell on his car's roof when he was crossing the gate after paying the fee of Rs 20. After the mishap, he said, the booth personnel behaved rudely with him while plaza authorities later assured him of compensation but did not keep their promise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15497246", "title": "Rajyavardhan Singh Rathore to head Arjuna selection committee", "text": "NEW DELHI: Athens Olympics silver medallist shooter Rajyavardhan Singh Rathore will chair the 15-member committee, which will select this year's Rajiv Gandhi Khel Ratna awardee and Arjuna award winners. Former hockey captain Aslam Sher Khan will head the 15-member committee which will select the Dronacharya award winners while sports secretary will be the chairperson of the committee which will select the Dhyanchand award winner.Sources told TOI that London Olympics silver medal winner Vijay Kumar (shooting) and bronze medallist Yogeshwar Dutt (wrestling) will be considered for Rajiv Gandhi Khel Ratna, the country's highest sporting award. All the other London Games medallists -- Sushil Kumar, Gagan Narang, Saina Nehwal and MC Mary Kom -- have already received the award.Apart from several current and former sportspersons, the committees also have representatives from the Sports Authority of India (SAI) and the sports ministry. Rajiv Gandhi Khel Ratna Award consists of a cash amount of Rs 7.50 lakh, a scroll of honour and one medal. Arjuna award consist of a statuette, a scroll of honour, and a cash award of Rs five lakh. Dhyanchand Award consists of a plaque, a scroll of honour, ceremonial dress and a cash award of Rs five lakh.To recognise the contribution made to sports development by entities other than sportspersons and coaches, the Government had instituted 'Rashtriya Khel Protsahan Puruskar'. The Award carries a trophy and citation.Khel Ratna/Arjuna committee:Chairman: Rajyavardhan Singh Rathore (shooting). Members: Rajesh Kumar (wrestling), Ashwini Nachappa (athletics), Aparna Popat (badminton), Akhil Kumar (boxing), Khazan Singh (swimming), Baichung Bhutia (football), G Mulini Reddy (volleyball) KS Garcha (polo), Ravi Shastri (cricket), JS Saran, (Army Marksman Unit), Manoj Yadav (secretary, PSCB) Gopal Krishna (DG, SAI) Onkar Kedia (joint secy, sports), C Chinnappa (director, sports).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15498182", "title": "Woman 'molested' by CRPF jawans", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A woman was allegedly accosted and molested by around 10 CRPF jawans in Bargarh's Paikmal area on July 24. In a complaint to police, the woman (20) stated that she was waylaid by the jawans while fetching water from a tube well, around 200 m from her home at Bindhyabasinipada between 10 am and 11 am.\"They spoke to me in Hindi. When I said I don't understand, one of them switched on to Odia. They teased me, caught hold of me and asked me to go with them. My bangles broke in the melee. They also pressed my feet with their boots and covered my mouth when I tried to raise an alarm,\" she alleged in her complaint, a copy of which is with the TOI.The woman alleged that the CRPF jawans offered her Rs 1,500. When she denied, they threw a Rs 50 note in her water container and pulled her amid them. One of them asked her to call him her husband and touch his feet, she narrated in the complaint.After she described the incident to her family, the villagers held a meeting the day after and decided to lodge a complaint. \"Initially, police were reluctant and dismissive. But when around 100 villagers gathered seeking an inquiry, police registered a molestation case,\" said Lulu Samal, convenor of Paikmal Nagarik Committee (PNC), a citizens' body.Two days later on July 26, Samal said, around 50 CRPF men based in Nuapada, 40 km from Paikmal, came to her house early in the morning and threatened her to withdraw the complaint. The villagers decided to stand by the victim's family after this incident, another villager said.Alleging police inaction and CRPF intimidation, the woman approached the State Commission for Women (SCW) on August 1. \"I have gone through the complaint and have listened to her grievances. I will soon speak to police and CRPF to ensure that there is a fair probe. If needed, I may also visit the area,\" said SCW chairperson Jyoti Panigrahi.CRPF authorities, however, denied any pressure on the alleged victim and said truth will come out after the inquiry. \"We are not putting any pressure on police or the victim. CRPF is cooperating with the police. Stringent action will be taken if any of our men is found guilty. However, action should be taken against the complainant if the allegation turns out to be false,\" said CRPF inspector general S N Sabat.Police in Bargarh said the accusation was baseless. \"Such allegations keep on coming from Maoist-hit areas from the frontal bodies of Red rebels to demoralize the forces. Prima facie it appears to be another such complaint to press for withdrawal of paramilitary forces. However, we are probing the matter,\" said SP (Bargarh) Anoop Krishna.But people differ from the police. \"We welcome paramilitary forces to protect the state from Maoists. But in this case, police have engineered an imaginary theory to save the guilty men in uniform,\" said Pradeep Purohit, adviser of Gandhamardan Suraksha Parishad, an outfit opposed to mining in Gandhamardan hills near Paikmal.Delhi-based People's Union for Democratic Rights ( PUDR), a civil liberties organization, has condemned the alleged sexual assault and demanded immediate legal action against the erring jawans and to extend all possible help to the woman in her legal battle.Paikmal had earlier witnessed public outcry over killing of two men by police in 2010. Police had claimed that Madhav Singh Thakur (37), a BJP leader, and Ramesh Sahu (27), a grocery shop owner, of Temeri village were Maoists and killed in an encounter on December 26, 2010. But people and BJP said they were innocent killed by police in fake encounters. The matter is under consideration of the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "15497838", "title": "Lohardaga DC inspects Independence Day function venue", "text": "LOHARDAGA: Lohardaga deputy commissioner (DC) Ratan Kumar has ordered officials to barricade the unsafe parts of the Lalit Narayan Mishra Stadium pavilion here ahead of Independence Day. The DC issued the order after he found some parts of the dilapidated pavilion unsafe and risky for spectators while reviewing the preparations for the main Independence Day function in the district to be held at the stadium on Monday. The stadium was declared unsafe some years back.\"During final rehearsal for the main function of Independence Day I noticed some parts of pavilion stairs to the east sides of the stadium may collapse any time and immediately ordered officials to take precautionary measures,\" the DC said. The DC also ordered his office to serve show cause notice to some officials who were given the responsibility of preparations in the stadium and were absent during the final rehearsal.The DC will hoist the Tricolour at the stadium on August 15 at 9am where parade and drill by students will be the main attraction. A cultural show will be held in Town Hall in the evening where school children will present patriotic and folk songs and dance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "adilabad", "code": "15499457", "title": "3 pistols recovered from Osmania University students", "text": "ADILABAD: Three country-made pistols were recovered by police from three Osmania University students who were arrested here on Tuesday.District superintendent of police Sarvasresta Tripathi said though the trio did not commit any crime so far, they were collecting weapons and other ammunition to extort money from businessmen, rich contractors and doctors in the name of Telangana.Among the arrested were LLB final year student Dasaral Srisailam, 35, Madavi Krishna, 32, and Kodapa Shankar, 21. On a tip-off, police raided a house in Komaram Bheem colony on the outskirts of Adilabad at 8 am and arrested them. Two local-made tapanchas, a country-made pistol, 20 live rounds of bullets, one 7.65 pistol bullet, a motorcycle, Rs 2,300 cash and a carry bag were seized from them.Producing the accused before media here, the SP said Srisailam belongs to Boyapur village of Bijinepalli mandal in Mahbubnagar district. Krishna hails from Valugonda village in Indravelli mandal and Shankar is a resident of Hadigutta village of Adilabad mandal", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15498911", "title": "Rahul refuses comment on Baba-RSS link", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress heir apparent Rahul Gandhi on Tuesday refused to be drawn into the debate over Baba Ramdev, saying he had more serious things to do.The dismissive comment came even as the yoga guru broke his protest and left for Haridwar, but not before opposition BJP and JD(U) had joined his platform and even SP and BSP issued statements in favour of his campaign against black money.An angry Congress quickly gave up its calculated silence on Ramdev and attacked him as \"mask\" for political rivals. However, Rahul refused to comment in Parliament complex, when asked about the reported links between Ramdev and RSS. He said, \"No comments... I have far more serious things to do.\"Congress has slammed the yoga guru as \"mask\" for RSS. The party had decided to maintain a silence on Ramdev, concluding it was best to ignore Ramdev when his campaign had failed to gather momentum.It was seen as lesson learnt from last year's experience when the red carpet welcome to the yoga guru, with three key ministers welcoming him at the airport, triggered widespread criticism.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15499619", "title": "Tension prevails at Malakpet", "text": "HYDERABAD: Tension prevailed at Malakpet when police had to exhume the body of a 14-year-old boy from the graveyard who died four days ago, after the boy's parents raised suspicion over his death.The deceased, Syed Habeebuddin Ghori, a SSC student from Old Malakpet, had an argument with one of his friends when he fell from a bicycle on August 9. His friend reportedly thrashed him till he fell unconscious.The boy was shifted to Osmania General Hospital (OGH) where he succumbed to injuries. Initially, his parents thought that he died due to an injury caused when he fell from the cycle and buried the body at Old Malakpet graveyard on Friday. Yesterday, one of Habeebuddin's friends informed them that he was beaten up by another boy. Subsequently, they lodged a complaint with Chaderghat police and a spot postmortem was performed at OGH after the body was exhumed. ,", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15499162", "title": "To hoist or not to hoist?", "text": "NAGPUR: At the just concluded London Olympics, every Indian eye was thirsting for just one image, that of the tricolor rising while the national anthem played. Nothing can be more moving for a true Indian than the pride of seeing the tricolor flutter. But at the individual level, we seldom display the flag which is the symbol of our freedom and identity.Even after the Flag Code, India, 2002 came into force after a PIL filed by industrialist Naveen Jindal , a small fraction of Indians avail of this new liberty which allows them unrestricted use of the tricolor.Attributing this to a lack of awareness about the new rules, city-based industrialist Padmesh Gupta says that only the well-read upper class knows about the amended flag code. \"There is no clarity over the use of national flag among the masses. Now that I know of it, I would like to pin a flag on my lapel on Independence Day,\" he says adding that the flag is displayed by many as their BBM profile picture on August 15.Restrictions on the use of the flag have been there for so long that most are wary and unsure of displaying it. Kunal Patni, 24-year-old CEO of Arun Automobiles, says that he fights shy of using the flag. \"There are so many rules which have to be adhered to while displaying the national flag that most refrain from doing so to avoid disrespect to it,\" he says, but adds that there is a subtle presence of the national colours in his showroom. \"I would also like to display the flag on the dashboard of my vehicle on Independence Day,\" says Patni.More than the attitude, it is the lack of awareness which prevents the aam admi from using the flag, feels businesswoman Rita Budhe. Many like her are not aware of the amended flag code. \"In the US, every home displays the flag on July 4, the American Independence Day. But in India, we still have this notion that flags fly only on government buildings.\" Budhe says that she would love to fly the flag atop her home and office. \"I will also distribute tiny flags to people during our road show which will be held at this time,\" she says.For the city based Bapuna group, flying the tricolor is something which has to be done every day. So the flag atop their residence goes up before 8.30am and is brought down at sunset every day. \"It is a symbol of our identity and a sight that fills us with pride,\" says Jamashp, a younger member of the family. The ritual has been in place since 1996 when they moved into their new residence. \"It was the general consensus that the national flag should be there on top of our home and we have been doing so by following the stipulated norms,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "15500047", "title": "He wears his honesty with pride", "text": "GAYA: At the ripe age of 91, Kapil Deo Ram, one of the oldest of the 79 surviving freedom fighters of the district plays host to several diseases including amnesia and arthritis. But this grand old man gets charged once the issue of freedom struggle comes up for discussion. A virtual recluse, Ram travels fast down the memory lane and recalls with vivid details his involvement in the freedom struggle. Every minute detail of the Quit India movement which saw him join the freedom struggle are firmly engraved in his otherwise now failing memory.A resident of Magra village of Naxal-hit Dumaria-Imamganj region of Gaya district, Kapil Deo whole heartedly plunged into the movement in August 1942 and for the next few years either remained under ground or in jail. Lack of resources and family responsibilities did not deter Ram, son of a marginal farmer to fight for his country.Eager to narrate those momentous years, Ram's tragedy is that virtually nobody shows any interest in hearing the oft repeated narrative of the heroics deed performed by him and his mentor the late Jag Lal Mahto. Till date, the freedom fighter regards the late Mahto as his role model.Recalling his plunge in the 1942 movement, Ram says the fire of the Quit India movement reached the rather inaccessible and otherwise sleepy Dumaria-Imamganj region in no time. Ram instinctively joined the movement to drive out the British. With the police frantically looking for Ram, Kapil Deo along with his leader and mentor Mahto and comrades in arm Subba Singh, Kameshwar Thakur, Govind Mahto and Nagwant Sahay went underground to keep the movement alive.All of them trekked to Puri (Odisha) via Kolkata, walking through a difficult and moderately hostile terrain. In Puri, the freedom fighters from Gaya operated under assumed names with the local police remaining blissfully ignorant of the revolutionary zeal of the servants of the country. Two years later on Gandhi's call, Ram courted arrest in Puri and was subsequently shifted to the Gaya Central jail, where he and others remained for the next three years.Virtually living in the past, Ram has little respect for the present day politicians, self-serving as they are. Ram wears his honesty with pride. A recipient of the freedom fighter's pension, Ram unsuccessfully strains his nerves to recall the amount of pension. \"I get two square meals and that is enough,\" he says. He did not plunge into the movement to get pension. For him it (pension) was no more than a windfall. His only regret is that India of his dreams could not get shape. He will love to be reborn in this country to see the dream come true.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15499433", "title": "Sonia's 'Discovery' quest ends in Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: Congress president Sonia Gandhi's dream of publishing an entirely new edition of the Discovery of India has finally found a shape in the library of the late antiquarian Nirmal Chandra Coomar.Sonia has been searching for the first edition of Discovery of India, which was published in 1946 in New York and was immediately banned by the British government as it feared that the book would fan the flames of nationalism. Since the edition is rare, a marathon hunt for the book was launched. Finally, the search ended in the Lake Gardens library of Coomar and the first edition of the book could be located.The Congress president wants to publish a completely new edition of the book will have rare photographs, an imprint of the cover of the book's first edition, introduction from that edition and foreword by Nehru himself etc., covers of two later Indian editions of the book etc.Sonia has requested Coomar's son, Aloke, a professor of the Calcutta University, to loan her the book so that she could bring out a facsimile edition of it for the time being. Aloke went a step forward and gifted the book to her. A happy Sonia invited him to New Delhi and discussed at length her project of publishing a special edition of the book, that she had been planning for some time.\"After several brainstorming sessions, she has come to the conclusion that a coffee-table book with rare pictures, excerpts from the first edition and its cover and the covers of the two Indian editions, published later, will be included,\" said a happy Aloke Kumar, who has been roped in the project for sourcing material.The first edition of the book was published by John Day and Co of New York in 1946. The book was written by Nehru in jail for his participation in the Quit India movement. Immediately after his release, he sent his manuscript to the US after he failed to find a publisher here. The first edition saw 1100 books printed, but the British government prevented their entry to the country that was in the throes of Purna Swaraj. After independence, two editions of the book came out back to back published by Signet books. Interestingly, the covers of both the books were designed by none other than Satyajit Ray. The 1947 design of the book by Ray was widely appreciated, but he was reportedly not happy with it and re-worked on the design for the next year's edition. and the next year another cover was published.\"The book that Soniaji is planning to publish will have pictures of all these covers with anecdotes. It is known that Nehru himself was not happy with the first edition of the book because it was written in the jail and was hurriedly published. He vastly improved upon the manuscript and that was evident in the second and other editions that followed. Soniaji is reading the first edition carefully and doing a comparative study of the other editions with the first edition, along with scholars in Delhi,\" Kumar explained.There are some rare photographs of Nehru at the time when he was writing the book in jail and also while revising the manuscript of the first edition. These are with Sonia and she plans to use these in the new edition of the book.When the new edition was being planned, Sonia had decided to publish only a facsimile version of the first edition. This was planned as part of the Indian National Congress party's 125th year celebrations. However, this was delayed since she has planned to add a lot of value to the new edition, that will not only have excerpts from the first edition, but relevant details to supplement what is already known about this widely read book.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15505561", "title": "Sridar A Iyengar retires from Infosys' Board", "text": "MUMBAI: Software services major Infosys today said Sridar A Iyengar has retired from the Board of Directors, after serving the company for over nine years.An independent director, Iyengar had joined the Infosys Board in 2003 and was also a member of the board of Infosys BPO since September 2004, Infosys said in a filing to the BSE.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15500575", "title": "Meet to discuss KNP settlers' package: Ravi", "text": "Mangalore: The Karnataka Development Programme meeting chaired by minister for higher education and DK district in-charge CT Ravi on Tuesday decided to convene a special meeting of stakeholders concerned to address rehabilitation and resettlement issues faced by forest settlers of Kudremukh National Park area. The meeting also resolved to provide them with land and monetary compensation as part of the proposed rehabilitation package. Ravi said there is no intent or proposal before the state government to forcibly evict the forest settlers and the Malekudiyas in particular from KNP. \"All those who want to come out on their own will have to be rehabilitated that includes money and land on the fringes of KNP so that they do not suffer urban disconnect given that they have been in the forest all along,\" Ravi said. Since the issue of rehabilitation concerns districts of Udupi, DK and Chikmagalur, a meeting of district in-charge ministers and authorities concerned of these districts along with officials of finance department would be convened at the earliest, he said. He added that the forest settlers are right and just in seeking a proper rehabilitation package. Empathising with victims affected by endosulphan in Belthangady and Puttur taluks, Ravi said the state government has made a definitive beginning in helping them in all possible ways and means.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15499044", "title": "Mentor working for Saudi govt, says Jundal", "text": "MUMBAI: Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) operative Zabihuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal (31) suspects that his mentor, Fayyaz Kagzi, was working for the Saudi government. He said Kazgi tipped off security agencies about his whereabouts before he was kept under surveillance.Jundal told the police on Tuesday that Kagzi may have given his mobile number to the police, which led to his arrest.Currently in the custody of the state anti-terrorism squad (ATS), Jundal revealed this during his interrogation at the crime branch lock-up last week. \"I left Pakistan and went to Saudi Arabia. Last year, I telephoned Muzammil, an LeT area commander in India, and took Kagzi's number. Later, I spoke to Kagzi and thereafter I felt that I was being monitored. However, I could not do anything to avoid it,\" Jundal is believed to have told the police in Mumbai.Jundal is wanted in four terror-related cases in Maharashtra: 26/11 terror attack, 2006 Aurangabad arms haul, Pune German Bakery bomb blast and Nashik police academy attack planning.Jundal told the police that after fleeing India, he went to Pakistan via Bangladesh and found Kagzi there. \"Jundal told us that after seeing Kagzi near an LeT camp, he thought Kagzi may have been chased by the police and fled. However, he later realized that Kagzi was missing since they planned the arms haul transportation,\" a police officer said. Jundal himself worked as a police informer before he fled Pakistan, it is learned.He shared contact details of Kagzi with the police. According to Jundal, he last saw Kagzi in Saudi Arabia and met him there too. \"Jundal told the police that he met Kagzi in Saudi Arabia and they discussed several things. Kagzi told Jundal that he was working in the Gulf and had no plans to return to India,\" said an officer.Jundal told the police that the ammunition that he transported till Chandwad near Manmad, was supposed to be kept at Kagzi's house in Beed. \"However, during the arms haul case, Kagzi went missing and never returned home. It became difficult for us to think of a safe place to keep the arms and ammunition,\" Jundal told the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15504969", "title": "Air India flight makes hard landing in Mangalore, causes scare", "text": "MANGALORE: Passengers of the Air India Express 814 flight arriving from Dubai on Tuesday had an early morning scare when the flight under shot the runway and 'hard landed' creating scare among the passengers and airport authorities.Passengers said that there was a loud thud and there was a bit of shaking when the flight landed at 6.28 am at the Bajpe airport. The tyre marks were visible up to the runway safety area where the plane was stopped by the pilot.Sources said visibility was very poor and the pilot announced he would land after circling for 20 minutes, but finally landed two minutes ahead of the scheduled time at 6.28 am. The tyre of the aircraft has sustained damages, but airport sources refused to reveal anything saying that an inquiry was on into the incident.AI sources said that investigations are on by the air safety authorities as well as the airline is also conducting an internal inquiry into the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "15497755", "title": "Lightning kills two in Hazaribag", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Two women were killed and four others injured when they were struck by lightning at two different places in the district on Tuesday.In the first incident, Sumitra Devi, wife of one, Ranjan Kumar, was killed on the spot and three other members of her family, including Ranjan, were seriously injured when lightning struck them at Pipratand village under the Katkumsandi police station. All were admitted to the Katkumsandi Block hospital by villagers where Sumitra was declared brought dead.Police said the deceased along with her husband and children were going to the Katkumsandi Block hospital for treatment of their ailing children. Due to heavy rain, they took shelter under a tree near the Pipratand railway crossing when the lightning struck them killing Sumitra on the spot.In the second incident which took place at Keredari police station, one Shanti Devi (45) died on the spot and another injured after being struck by lightning. \"The incident took place when Shanti was engaged in paddy transplantation work in a field,\" said police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15497947", "title": "1 killed, 3 injured in fresh violence in Chirang", "text": "GUWAHATI: After a lull of five days, violence erupted in Bodoland again with miscreants killing one labourer and injuring three others in Assam's Chirang district on Monday night. All of them are Bengali-speaking Muslims.Shortly after home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde and AICC chief Sonia Gandhi left Kokrajhar, militants shot at the four labourers in Chirang on the Assam-Bhutan border, killing one of them on the spot and injuring the rest. Police said the four were on their way to their hometown at Malda in West Bengal.However, state home secretary GD Tripathy said, \"It was an isolated incident and is not related to the recent ethnic strife. It is the handiwork of NDFB militants.\"On the other hand, the situation in riot-hit lower Assam continues to be normal and people have started returning home, except in Dhubri district, where no camp has been closed so far. Instead, the number of inmates has gone up in one week.According to the state government's daily statement on the status of relief camps and inmates, there are 227 camps so far that are left with 2,92, 852 inmates as on Tuesday. On August 7, there were 242 camps with 3,50,960 inmates. At the peak on July 26, there were 4,85,921 inmates in 340 camps.However, on analyzing the camps sub-division wise, the government report shows that the total number of camps, 133 of them in the minority-dominated Dhubri district, has remained the same as no camp has been closed till Tuesday. The number of inmates, which was 1,52,861 on August 7, has now increased to 1,55,314 on Tuesday and all the camps are minority-inhabited.This increase in the number of inmates in Dhubri district has been shown in the minority-inhabited 83 camps in Bilasipara sub-division, where the inmates have increased from 72,724 on August 7 to 75,177 on August 14.The government sees no abnormality in the increase in inmates when the situation is returning to normal and people are returning home. \"This increase could be due to double registration of inmates,\" home secretary GD Tripathi said.On the contrary, there has been a decrease in number of camps and inmates in Kokrajhar and Chirang districts. However, in Bongaigaon, the number of camps has not changed but the number of inmates has come down. According to government data, camps in Kokrajhar have come down from 63 to 56 and number of inmates has decreased from 1,26,218 to 77,459 since Tuesday last.Similarly in Chirang district, camps have come down from 32 to 24 and inmates' number has decreased from 57,189 to 47 over the same period. In Bongaigaon district, the number of camps remains at 14 since last Tuesday, but the number of inmates has decreased from 14,700 to 12,602 on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15500220", "title": "Noida Authority bombshell!", "text": "The Noida Authority cannot be allowed to drop such a bombshell on residents for its own fault. If it has failed to bill consumers, in many cases for a decade, it cannot suddenly wake up and demand payment for the whole amount in one go at such short notice. It certainly should not be charging interest on dues that were never billed. The system of flat charges also means there is no incentive to conserve water, since you pay the same amount irrespective of how much you consume. It is another matter that the quality of water supplied is so bad in most cases that even the poor will not risk drinking it. In short, it is one big mess and it is those responsible for creating the mess who should face the music, not the residents.Related story: Noida residents in shock as water bills run into crores", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15501623", "title": "Madhya Pradesh: Farmers' registration for paddy procurement from August 16", "text": "BHOPAL: The Madhya Pradesh government has chalked out an action plan for procurement of paddy and coarse cereals. Registration of farmers for procurement of paddy and coarse cereals will be undertaken from August 16 to September 15. The government has directed all the district collectors to complete works regarding paddy e-procurement within the prescribed time-limit.Procurement of coarse cereals including maize, millet, jowar on the support price will be undertaken from October 1 to January 31, 2013 during the Kharif season. The government has directed to apprise farmers about procurement process. Registration of farmers will be made at a procurement centre fixed by concerning society.Instructions have been given to collectors to make wide publicity about procurement centres. They have been asked to inform people's representatives as well. It will also be mandatory that a farmer is registered at the procurement centre which is near his service area.Registration will be made in loan book of a farmer. This will ensure that a farmer is registered at a procurement centre only once. Field verification, especially certification of sowing area, will be made.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "15498215", "title": "Maoist camp destroyed in Daringibadi", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Security personnel have destroyed a Maoist camp on the Ganjam-Kandhamal border in Daringibadi area and seized some belongings of the rebels, police said on Tuesday.The items seized from the camp include blankets, jackets, woolen caps, sweaters, T-shirts, hand gloves, a plastic drum, around 50-metre wire, a stabilizer, jars of petrol and kerosene, polythene sheets and a camera, police said. Acting on a tip-off, security and police forces raided the area, police said. They, however, did not arrest anyone or find any ammunition from the camp.\"The camp might have been set up by Maoists in winter. It seems they were forced to desert the camp owing to frequent police raids,\" a senior police officer said. Meanwhile, security has been tightened in the Maoist-hit areas of southern Odisha prior to the celebration of Independence Day as the rebels have given a call to observe the day as black day.\"We have deployed adequate security personnel in Maoist-hit areas in Ganjam, Gajapati and Kandhamal districts. Security has also beefed up in the district head quarters where the Indian tricolour would be hoisted,\" DIG (southern range) R K Sharma said. The DIG said every vehicle passing through the district at night would be checked, while night patrolling would continue as usual on Tuesday to check the movement of the rebels, said Kandhamal SP J N Pankaj. Police have also alerted security forces in the interior areas of the Gajapati and Kandhamal districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15500172", "title": "State-level rifle event begins in Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: As the Olympic fever dies down, Madurai is all set for the 38th state shooting championship, scheduled to begin in the city today. The state-level event is being hosted by the Madurai Rifle Club till August 19 and will be held at the club's shooting complex near the Race Course.The Tamil Nadu Shooting Championship Competitions (TNSCC-2012) is expected to draw nearly 350 shooters, sports officials and 2,000 spectators from all over Tamil Nadu, said S V S S Velshankar, honorary secretary of the Madurai Rifle Club. Jury for the event would comprise of officials from Chennai, Coimbatore as well as from INS Agrani in Coimbatore.Sanjay Mathur, city commissioner of police, who is also the ex-officio president of the Madurai Rifle Club will inaugurate the event and also throw open the newly constructed 25 meter pistol range. The rifle club's shooting complex boasts of a 50 meter rifle range, 25 meter pistol range and a 10 meter indoor modern air-rifle range.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15498370", "title": "Auditor told to take action against co-op federation directors", "text": "PUNE: State cooperation commissioner Madhukar Chaudhari on Tuesday instructed state-appointed auditor Prakash Ghodke to take action against the former board of directors of the Maharashtra State Cooperation Federation Ltd for violation of cooperative society laws, indulging in a suspicious land deal with a private builder and conducting meetings without having any right.Chaudhari said he had signed a letter issuing instructions to Ghodke to initiate action against the board of directors of the federation. \"The letter will be delivered by Thursday evening and further action can be initiated. In such cases, auditors who are well-versed with the accounts and details, file a complaint with the police under requisite charges, Chaudhari said.The office of the cooperation commissionerate had dissolved the board of directors of the federation for not running the organization as per the guidelines of the state government. Some on the board of directors had also proposed to hand over the headquarters of the Federation to a private builder for redevelopment. The then cooperation commissioner immediately cancelled the decision and .It had appointed an auditor to prepare a detailed report about the federation and its functioning.In 2011, the federation - the main organization of all cooperative societies in the state - signed a redevelopment deal with a private developer for Rs 35.11 crore. The builder was to develop the 74,158 sq ft area of the federation headquarters near Pune railway station and hand over 5,000 sq ft to the federation for its use. The rest of the built-up area was to be used by the builder as commercial property for the next 99 years.Chaudhari said, \"There have been a series of violations of norms and guidelines by the board. The auditors have estimated the market value of the property at Rs 105 crore to Rs 130 crore, but the deal was signed for Rs 35.11 crore.\"The basic requirement of submitting annual audit reports was also not fulfilled by the federation in the last few years, he added.Hence, the board of directors was dissolved by the cooperation commissioner. But a few directors ignored the decision and held a meeting in Mumbai to sign the build, operate, transfer (BoT) redevelopment deal. Some members of the board were present at the meeting while others were kept in the dark about the decision. \"There were a couple of complaints against a few directors who had supported the BoT route for redevelopment of the headquarters. Before filing a case against them, the state wants to have documents of other cases against them to make its case strong,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15498166", "title": "Tight security in Odisha for Independence Day", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Senior police officials on Tuesday fine-tuned the security arrangements for an incident-free Independence Day across the state. Security has been beefed up at all parade venues in Maoist-hit districts.Chief minister Naveen Patnaik will unfurl the Tricolour at the state-level celebration along the Mahatma Gandhi Marg (MGM) in Bhubaneswar. Cops will be on their toes to provide security to ministers in Maoist-hit areas. While newly-inducted food supplies and consumer welfare minister Pratap Keshari Deb will be gracing the Independence Day parade in Koraput, other new ministers like Arun Sahu (energy) and Rabi Narayan Nanda (school and mass education) will join as chief guests at Nabarangpur and Malkangiri, respectively. Sports and youth services minister Ramesh Majhi is scheduled to hoist the National Flag in Rayagada. Sources said those ministers will take the road route to reach their scheduled destinations.\"We do not have any threat from subversive groups. Since Maoists have called to observe Wednesday as Black Day, we are having a larger security cover in place to prevent any sabotage,\" Odisha DGP Prakash Mishra said. \"We have chalked out a full-proof security plan for the ministers, who would attend functions in Maoist-dominated districts,\" Mishra said. Security at the exit and entry points of the extremist hotbeds have been intensified, he added.Sources said 25 platoons of security forces, quick reaction teams, sniffer dogs and bomb squads would be deployed along the Mahatma Gandhi Marg in Bhubaneswar. \"Security arrangements apart, steps have been taken to divert traffic during the parade period,\" twin city commissioner of police Sunil Roy said.Police said the internet cafes in the twin cities of Bhubaneswar and Cuttack have been kept under surveillance. Naveen, on the eve of the Republic Day in 2010 had received threat emails from a miscreant from a cyber cafe. An unknown person had allegedly breached Naveen's security cordon during Independence Day parade here in 2009.The state government last year had mulled to shift the parade venue from the busy MGM to Kalinga Stadium. However, it did not work out due to technical problems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15499177", "title": "Officers allege bias by govt in conferring IAS status", "text": "CHENNAI: The Tamil Nadu government's long-standing policy of giving IAS status only to officers serving in the revenue department has been questioned by around 100 officers in other departments.The Madras bench of the Central Administrative Tribunal (CAT), comprising judicial member Venkateshwar Rao and administrative member R Satapathy, before which the application came up for hearing recently, ordered notices to the Centre. The notice on behalf of Union Public Service Commission (UPSC) was taken by its standing counsel P Chandrasekaran.As per the Indian Administrative Service (Fixation of Cadre Strength) Regulations, 1955, the total authorized strength of IAS officers in Tamil Nadu is 355, of which 247 are selected through direct recruitment conducted by the UPSC, whereas the remaining 108 are selected through promotion of state civil services (SCS) officers. So far, all these promoted officers have been from the revenue department. There are about 750 SCS officers in the revenue department, while there are 400 in cooperative, 350 in commercial tax, 500 in rural development, 400 in registration and 350 in employment service departments.The application, jointly filed by nearly 100 officers from various departments, complained that though the revenue department accounts for about 33% of the 2,000-odd state cadre services officers, only they are conferred the IAS status. \"The present method of considering only officers from the revenue department for promotion and getting the IAS status is an unjust benefit. It defies logic,\" the application said.\"The mode of recruitment, qualifications and scale of pay for SCS officers in all departments in public department is common. Posting to various departments is purely based on availability and communal rotation. It is not based on any other criteria and merits. Therefore, the government cannot confer any exclusivity to officers in the revenue department,\" it said.Noting that the public department was adopting \"strange and inexplicable procedure\" to deny officers in other departments their due benefit, the application complained of discrimination and said, \"The qualification prescribed in the rules and regulations is to ensure that all officers discharging their duty under a state at sub-divisional level and having exposure in revenue and general administration or holding higher responsibilities are to be given an opportunity to be considered for promotion to IAS posts. This is also to ensure that the state gets meritorious officers from various departments having exposure in their respective fields.\"The application wanted the order dated February 16 to be quashed, and a new panel comprising all eligible officers from all departments to be prepared.The present method of considering only officers from the revenue department for promotion and getting the IAS status is an unjust benefit. It defies logic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15499426", "title": "Ankita Singh not in Goa: Delhi police", "text": "PANAJI: The Delhi police team which was in Goa last week to conduct investigations in the Geetika Sharma suicide case left the state after they could not trace Nupur Mehta and Ankita Singh.Sources in the police said, \"Delhi police team has left for Delhi after conducting inquiry in Goa.\" Sources also said that they were unable to locate Nupur and Ankita to record their statements.A Delhi police team had arrived last Thursday and visited the residences of Nupur and Ankita to record their statements in the Geetika Sharma suicide case, but, both were not available.The team had also visited the shop of Ankita's brother, which was also closed, said police sources.Police sources also said that they were in Goa to see whether there is any link with the previous case registered with Panaji police station by Geetika against Nupur and Ankita.In 2009, Geetika has lodged a threatening and theft case against Nupur and Ankita. As per the charge sheet filed before the judicial magistrate first class, Panaji, the case was registered as 'threatened to kill the complaint (Geetika) and her family member if she did not leave the job of Mint Casino Company' and thereafter committed theft of complainant's belongings.Geetika Sharma, 23, a former air hostess with Kanda's now defunct MDLR airline, was found hanging in her flat in North West Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "it is erik johnson's fourth visit to india in the last nine months and the head of sales for asia-pacific at facebook describes it as among the fastest growing and the most exciting market for the social networking website. in an interview with toi, johnson highlights why india is a thriving market for facebook and why, despite a tanking stock price since its ipo this year, the company has little reasons to be worried. excerpts", "code": "15505345", "title": "Facebook: We are working on building a team in India", "text": "It is Erik Johnson's fourth visit to India in the last nine months and the head of sales for Asia-Pacific at Facebook describes it as among the fastest growing and the most exciting market for the social networking website. In an interview with TOI, Johnson highlights why India is a thriving market for Facebook and why, despite a tanking stock price since its IPO this year, the company has little reasons to be worried. Excerpts:What fraction of Facebook's total user base are Indians and how fast is this number growing?India is a large country and so we have great expectations from this market. Currently there are 955 million Facebook users and India accounts for 50 million of them. We had our first 'log out' advertisement run here which we have done for a big FMCG company in India. We are working on building a team here, and connecting with brands, which do not have as much social presence. It is a very important market not just for us but any company that wants to be successful.India is a fast-growing economy and people are more accustomed to change and are tech-savvy. A lot of change is going on everywhere in the world but in India it is happening a lot faster and with more intensity. It's also very innovative for digital marketing. We would love it if everybody could have computers but good thing is we have solution on feature and smartphones.Online payments and use of paid applications in India is still not that common. With India accounting for a significant user base for Facebook, what alternative revenue sources do you plan to use in India and such other countries?We have had a good growth in India on the user front. We see good traction in terms of engagement with advertisers as well. We are aware of the challenges. Payment infrastructure in India is probably not robust as it is in other markets. But we are focused on all dimensions from a business point of view.Your financial results after the IPO were quite disappointing ...First and the most important thing is to see the commitment the company has for the long term. At Facebook we say the journey is 1% finished. Our growth still feels good. We are just at the beginning of the social web campaign and there is a lot of work we have to do for corporate users and brands. The earning announcement brings some good information. It shows that we clearly see shift towards mobile and that's something we are focused on.By focusing on mobile platform for growth, isn't monetising these users a challenge? Will it lead to some sort of cannibalization of users on the web?We got a pretty good story on the monetisation part. We got 'sponsored stories' and we got 'news feed' on mobile device. That's a great ad for us. We are pretty excited about the mobile advertising solution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15500635", "title": "Kanda maybe using disguise to evade arrest", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Former Haryana minister of state for home Gopal Kanda maybe playing Natwarlal these days. According to police sources, Kanda, who was named by his former employee Geetika Sharma in her suicide note, is roaming around in Haryana disguised as a Sikh or a sadhu.He used to follow Geetika to the exam centre in Delhi University in the guise of a Sikh as he suspected she was in a relationship with another man. Kanda, sources said, is now using the same trick to dodge the police, who are yet to trace his whereabouts.Kanda had switched off his mobile phones on August 7 morning.Police sources said Kanda is taking the help of messengers to pass on his directives to associates. The former minister is sending out chits through at least six to seven messengers to give directives to his aides. \"This is how he is planning his strategy and changing hideouts,\" said a source in the Haryana police.Kanda, according to intelligence sources, is keeping away from Sirsa, his hometown, as his face is very familiar to people in the town. His house in Sirsa wore a deserted look on Tuesday and his neighbours and shopkeepers in the area said Kanda had not come to the area after Geetika's suicide. He is also not contacting any of his close relatives. Except the guards and a private caretaker, there is nobody at his official residence in Chandigarh.Acting on a tip-off, the police had sent sleuths to two hotels in Chandigarh where Kanda used to visit during his stay here.Police are now focusing on Gurgaon and neighbouring areas to find the high profile politician on the run. Sleuths also suspect that the real estate giants in Gurgaon are helping Kanda to keep away from the clutches of law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15500565", "title": "Modi attacks governor over Independence Day food bill", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Chief minister Narendra Modi launched a direct attack on governor Dr Kamla at a function in Junagadh on Tuesday by equating Raj Bhavan with Congress Bhavan.Citing media reports saying state government served a Rs 800-per-dish lunch for the Independence Day function, Modi said he checked with his officials only to discover that food cost Rs 132 per plate, that too for babus on official duty for the function.But the governor had ordered a Rs 250 per person menu for the high tea organised at her official residence on the day.\"On further inquiry we came to know that the governor had invited tenders from caterers. Modi or his government has no say in this, we just pay the bills. It is the governor who finalises the menu and the rate,\" he said, adding one caterer had quoted Rs 700 per dish for the high tea function at Raj Bhavan.Taking out chits from his pockets, he said, \"Today. I read reports a dish costing Rs 800 will be served during the official function of chief minister at Junagadh. I was surprised because no lunch event was organized in Junagadh by us.\"Addressing a youth convention and Sorath Sakhimandal sammelan at Junagadh, Modi wondered why the governor of Gujarat , who is a woman, does not give approval to the bill giving 50% representation to women in local bodies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "15497803", "title": "Bokaro braveheart rescues two from flash floods", "text": "BOKARO: Residents of Bokaro on Tuesday saluted the bravery of a 24-year-old youth, Mahtab Ansari, who saved the driver and helper of a truck from drowning after their vehicle got stuck in flash floods at Kathara under Bokaro Thermal Police Station here.Truch driver Neki Imam and helper Sunil Kumar Yadav were rescued by Mahtab from the river after five hours of struggle. Thousands of residents assembled on the river bank and witnessed the rescue operation conducted by police and CISF personnel.The incident occurred around 10am when the ash-laden truck was crossing the mini bridge.Giving details of the incident, Imam said: \"When we reached the middle of the bridge, we suddenly found that the water level in the river rising fast and within minutes we found ourselves stranded as the water soon over flowed the bridge. The water level kept rising fast and strong waves began to lash the truck. Soon the engine of the truck sputtered and stopped. It was then we found ourselves completely trapped with no way to reach the bank.\"He said in the next 30 minutes water entered the truck cabin and both of them were forced to climb on to the roof of the cabin and shout for help.Seeing their plight, a few residents rushed to help. Soon police and BTPS officials also reached to the spot along with CISF personnel. But seeing the flooded river none dared to do much to save the duo. Divers who were called into to carry out the rescue operation also failed to reach the truck due to strong currents.Bermo DSP Santosh Pathak said when the rescue process was on Mahtab, a resident of Khetko village, approached them and said he would be able to reach the truck. \"Mahtab battled with the strong currents for almost an hour and managed to reach the truck carrying a rope with him and rescued the duo,\" Pathak said\"We felt very scared when the divers failed to rescue us. As the water level kept rising, we lost all hope. I was so scared that I started crying and though of my family. But Mahtab came as a savior for us. Both Imam and I heaved a sigh of relief when he finally reached the truck and reached out to rescued us. We are very thankful to him, indeed.\" Yadav said.Despite being on fast in this holy month of Ramzan, Mahtab risked his life to save the two men. When he reached the river bank along with the rescued duo, people hugged and thumped his back for the act of courage.BTPS chief engineer J P Singh and police officers present also praised Mahtab for his bravery. It was also announced that Mahtab would be awarded for his act of valour at the Independence Day function on Wednesday.Pathak said both Imam and Yadav were fine and the truck would be towed out once the water recedes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15500250", "title": "56-year-old loses property, kills wife and himself", "text": "BANGALORE: A 56-year-old man, who failed to get his share of ancestral property, killed his wife and committed suicide in Mahadevapura on Monday night.Ramachandra Reddy quarrelled with his brother Veera Reddy for getting his share of property. \"Fights between the brothers were common,\" said police.The brothers had an argument on Monday night after which Ramachandra went to a bar and got drunk. He returned home and poisoned his wife. Later, he also consumed poison. Neighbours who saw the couple struggling to breathe rushed them to a nearby hospital where they died while undergoing treatment.The couple hailed from Kolar and had two children. Their only son, Balakrishna, a security firm employee, lived next door and got to know of the incident from his neighbours. Abducted elderly couple released near YediyurNearly four hours after they were kidnapped by a car-borne gang, 67-year-old landlord Ugranarasimhaiah and his wife U Anasuyamma, 61, were released by their abductors near an eatery in Yediyur, Tumkur, on Monday night.With help from the eatery owner, Ugranarasimhaiah contacted his son Krishnamurthy around 11.30pm. \"Krishnamurthy was with us when he received the call. We rushed to the spot and found them in a dhaba,\" Nelamangala police said. The kidnappers snatched the woman's gold bangles and Rs 15,000. \"They asked us to get down and drove away,\" said Ugranarasimhaiah, resident of CK Achchukattu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "jabalpur", "code": "15499507", "title": "HC seeks govt reply on keeping Lokayukta and Economic Offences Wing out of RTI ambit", "text": "JABALPUR: The Madhya Pradesh High Court has sought a reply from the state government on a petition challenging its notification on keeping the special police establishment, Lokayukta and Economic Offences Wing (EOW) out of the purview of the Right to Information Act.The notice was issued by the bench of acting Chief Justice Sushil Harkouli and Justice Alok Aradhe on Monday on the petition filed by Bhopal-based RTI activist Ajay Dubey, who had challenged the notification issued on August 25, 2011.The activist alleged the state government has misused section 24(4) of the RTI Act, 2005 by keeping Lokayukta and EOW out of the purview of the Act \"with a malafide intention\".Under section 24(4), only the organisations responsible for intelligence and security can be excluded from the purview of the RTI Act but the special police establishment of Lokayukta and EOW do not come under this category, the petitioner's counsels S K Agrawal and Rajesh Chand argued.The petitioner also alleged the state government has taken this step to \"provide shelter to those high officials... whose cases are pending before the Lokayukta and EOW\".After hearing the petitioner, the bench issued a notice to the state government and sought its reply on the matter within three weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15499227", "title": "Four get 7-year jail term for NREGS fraud", "text": "JAIPUR: In the first ever conviction in the state for fudging MGNRGA figures, a lower court in Beawar, Ajmer, on Tuesday sentenced four persons to seven years in jail with a fine of Rs 50,000 each and two others for three years with a fine of Rs 10,000 each. These persons were accused of anomalies of about Rs 1.41 crore from the Malaton Ki Weir panchayat in Ajmer.In what had then turned out to be the biggest ever fraud in managing NREGS funds by a single panchayat, a special audit team of the government team unearthed the scam in procurement of materials at the Malaton Ki Weir panchayat in 2010. The panchayat is amongst those where a Bhilwara pattern social audit was to be done till the high court put a stay on it.Those convicted for seven years include the sarpanch \u2014 Ganpat Singh Malawat, the gram sevak \u2014 Lalchand Yogi, the junior technical assistant \u2014 Manish Mittal and the assistant engineer Bahgda Ram Prajapat, while BDO \u2014 Naresh Kumar Badwan and the programme officer \u2014 Pushpa Manawat have been convicted for three years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "nadia", "code": "15499241", "title": "Agriculture varsity registrar suspended", "text": "Nadia: A suspension notice was served on the registrar of Bidhan Chandra Krishi Viswavidyalaya (BCKV), Ashok Kumar Banerjee, on Tuesday. Banerjee is absconding since July 27 after it was found that his educational certificates were fake. Later, the Kalyani SDO filed an FIR against him.Vice-chancellor Saroj Kumar sanyal said, \"According to the rule of the university, a person with criminal charges against him cannot attend work unless proven otherwise.\"Saroj Kumar Sanyal, the Vice Chancellor, Bidhan Chandra Krishi Viswavidyalaya has served the suspension notice to Ashok Kumar Banerjee , the Registrar BCKV on Tuesday. He said that as there is a criminal proceedings against him, he has been suspended following the rule of the University. He has remained abscond since 27 July, 2012.The University authority has sent a massanger to his home in Hooghly to hand over the notice on Tuesday. The SDO, Kalyani who had been handed over the responsibility of BCKV, DDO was consequently ordered by the State Government to investigate the alleged anomalies in the Agricultural University. On way of investigation, the DDO found a number of anomalies including the fake educational certificate of the BCKV Registrar Ashok Banerjee.His school level certificate was found to be fake. Then he had lodged an FIR at concerned Haringhata Police Station on 27 July ( 271 12 ). Since then the Registrar is still abscond. The VC had made a show cause to him on 6 August but he did not comply with the same.The Vice Chancellor then issued the suspension notice on Tuesday ( Memo No, -- ADMM BCKV P - 2 63 90 dt. -- 14 8 2012.). While VC said that he was suspended for the criminal proceedings against him, another sources said that the undermine and tarnish of University's prestigue were the other reason of suspension too. In the mean time, the Registrar has sent a letter to university authority by post on 8 August seeking a leave of one month. It was sent by speed post.On the other hand a 3 member committee has initiated an investigation in the alleged anomalies of the university since Monday. Bratya Basu, the Higher Education Minister of the State , who came to Kalyani University to attend a seminar said, \" The State Government is not interested to put up its head in the affair of the Universities if these runs properly and the University authorities should be careful about it that the Government never feel any need to put up its head in the University affairs,\"The 3 mebere tea was sent by the Ag, department of the State Government to BCKV after receiving a number of alleged misappropriation of fund. SDO , Kalyani cum DDO, BCKV also was informed by letter that the Registrar was suspended. He said, \" I have received a letter that the Vice Chancellor of BCKV has served the suspension notice to Registrar Ashok Banerjee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15500586", "title": "NCW to probe attack on birthday party", "text": "MANGALORE: National Commission for Women (NCW) member Shamina Shafiq will visit the city on Thursday to investigate the Morning Mist Home Stay attack on July 28, where a mob assaulted a group of boys and girls. Shamina told TOI from New Delhi, \"We had taken a suo moto decision to investigate the incident when the news appeared on the electronic media. We were waiting for the action taken report (ATR) by Karnataka government which is yet to arrive. We have received a report from Karnataka State Commission for Women (KSCW).'' When asked about KSCW she said, \"I would not like to comment on the report. It is their investigation report. I would like to investigate the incident and draw my own conclusions.'' Shamina will be in the city for two days where she will meet the victims, their parents and police officials. She will be accompanied by C Ibrahim, an advocate, Harini, a social activist and Ratnaprabha from Bangalore. What did she feel when she saw the visuals aired on the television? \"As a person, especially as a woman, I would not appreciate what had happened,\" she said. On Tuesday, social activist PV Mohan submitted a memorandum to the Human Rights Commission and NCW, requesting the agencies to investigate the matter. \"I have submitted in the memorandum to NCW chairperson that human rights violations had become an everyday affair in the district in the past six years. Many of them have not come into the public domain as victims feel insecure. What happened on July 28 was not only a human rights violation but also atrocity against women,\" he said and added the state women's panel had accused the victims instead of assuaging their feelings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15499881", "title": "'Man-made retina' to help blind see", "text": "WASHINGTON: Scientists claim to have developed an 'artificial retina' which could restore near-normal vision to the blind, a finding which can benefit millions.Researchers made the blind mice see clearly with radical new implant and the creatures' vision could track images and discern features.This new approach provides hope for the 25 million people worldwide who suffer from blindness due to diseases of the retina.The researchers say they have also cracked the code for a monkey retina, which is essentially identical to that of a human and hope to quickly design and test a device that blind humans can use. As drug therapies help only a small fraction of this population, prosthetic devices are their best option for future sight.\"This is the first prosthetic that has the potential to provide normal or near-normal vision because it incorporates the code,\" Dr Sheila Nirenberg , neuroscientist from Weill Cornell Medical College in New York ,said. \"We can make blind mouse retinas see and we're moving as fast as we can to do the same in humans,\" Nirenberg, who is honing the technique, said in a statement.The technique, using hightech spectacles containing a tiny camera rather than surgery , could be tested on people for the first time in just one to two years.\"It's an exciting time. We can make blind mouse retinas see, and we're moving as fast as we can to do the same in humans ,\" said Nirenberg in a statement. \"This has all been thrilling , I can't wait to get started on bringing this approach to patients,\" she said.The first beneficiaries are likely to be sufferers of age-related macular degeneration, the most common cause of blindness in the elderly.There are few treatments and no cure for the condition which makes it difficult or impossible to carry out everyday tasks such as reading, driving and watching television. Scientists have already created implantable chips that restore some vision.But Nirenberg says that her technique produces a much clearer picture. In fact, vision is close to normal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15498856", "title": "DMs accountable for NRHM project", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a bid to ensure transparency in the system, state health department has altered the functioning of National Rural Health Mission at the district level. This has been done by incorporating changes in the pattern of working for district health societies. Now, the district magistrates will be responsible for programme implementation. In this way, they will be accountable for lapses that happen in the respective district. Till now, they simply headed the district health society, but had little say in the affairs of the programme.The new rules, which were drafted by a committee headed by principal secretary health and family welfare Sanjay Agarwal, have been circulated to the districts. The decision is based on the recommendations made by the Comptroller and Auditor General in the NRHM audit report. DMs were a part of the DHS earlier also.But they were in an officiating role, which technically made the CMOs the real boss. However after the multi-crore NRHM scam, CMOs came under the scanner and many of them are facing departmental inquiry as well.Under the changed pattern of working for district health societies, DMs will be held responsible for any sort of financial or programme related irregularity. It will be mandatory for DMs to review the progress of various projects undertaken by the district health committee at least once a month. They will have to send a monthly status report to the state government as well. The government order to this effect contains a list of things that the DMs will have to keep an eye on. The list includes keeping track of expenditure for construction of hospital or health facilities with NRHM funds. They will also be expected to ensure timely completion of the work.NRHM director Mukesh Meshram said, \"Though we understand that DMs are hard pressed, we have written to the DMs to concentrate more on health because, it is the key social issue. We expect them to supervise the programme effectively through the DHS. \"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15498126", "title": "Delhi adopts humble sparrow as its state bird", "text": "NEW DELHI: Till some years back, the house sparrow was the quintessential 'chidiya', the most common image to come to mind when one discussed birds in Delhi's urban context. One day it dawned on the city that the little feathery creature has more or less vanished, its absence even more pronounced by the sudden over-population of pigeons. Finally, the sparrow has been recognized for its importance in the city's biodiversity. On Tuesday, it was declared the state bird of Delhi.This gives the sparrow special rights and the city has launched a huge campaign, 'Rise of the Sparrows', for its conservation. Nature Forever Society will collaborate with the government on compiling resources and data on the sparrow.Mohammed Dilawar of NFS said that the project will reach out to people across the Indian subcontinent and would empower them with simple solutions that would have a significant impact on sparrow conservation of India. \"The resources created will be useful to teachers, parents, students, organisations, policy makers, NGOs and citizens who are not professional researchers and anyone who is interested in conservation of house sparrows and common birds,\" said Dilawar.A study on the house sparrow was carried out by TERI in 2010 where it was found that the city's changing landscape and habits of people had helped in the dwindling population of the house sparrow.Researcher Dr Neeraj Khera had found that rock pigeons had managed to dominate and outnumber all other bird species in the city in a matter of just two years. \"In 2006, the dominant species of birds in Delhi were house sparrow, house crow, rock pigeon and the common myna. By 2008, all these had been sidelined by the rock pigeon,\" she said.The swing in numbers and species was largely due to a changing urban environment, different architectural styles, vanishing roosting and nesting spots that included vegetation.Dr Asad Rahmani, director of Bombay Natural History Society has hailed the declaration as an important step in conservation. \"Usually states give importance to only rare and uncommon birds and animals and this is a rare occasion when a common bird, though not so common now, has been given recognition.\"However, now one needs to study the reasons for its decline and how their numbers can be built up again,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15500408", "title": "Daughter seeks bride for father", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Falguni (26) recently got married to Amit who is settled in Africa. But before joining her hubby abroad, Falguni is keen to settle her father.Falguni lost her mother when she was in second standard. Her father, Jagdish did not re-marry as he did not want to risk bringing in a new mother who may not love the kids as much their own mother. Instead, he dedicated himself to bringing up Falguni and her brother.Now that both of them are settled, Falguni is determined to find a partner for her father to spend his retired life with. She says that while her brother and sister-in-law take good care of him, she and her brother want their father to have somebody with whom he can spend quality time with.Falguni approached the Vina Mulya Amulya Sewa (VMAS) and requested the director \u2014 Natubhai Patel to expedite the matter so that they may find a bride by September.\"My father is retiring on his 58th birthday on September 10. I hope we can find a bride by then. It is only after I attend his wedding that I will book my ticket to Africa. I will be so happy if he is settled before I leave\", said Falguni.Patel said that 70 per cent elderly seeking a partner in the sunset of their lives are brought by their daughters, and the remaining by sons. \"Daughters definitely have more compassion for their parents and want them to lead happy lives. I have seen daughters, who are the only child of their single parent, coming to me saying that they want to get their parent married before they tie their nuptials so that they know that their parent is not lonely\", said Natubhai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15499344", "title": "Efforts begin to improve midday meal scheme", "text": "PANAJI: The directorate of education (DoE) has issued a circular asking schools to standardize the practice of making students wash their hands before and after eating the midday meal. In the circular issued this week, schools have been told that the practice will reduce the occurrence of diarrhoea.\"Washing their hands with soap has proved effective and is an inexpensive intervention to reduce diarrhoea by over 40% and respiratory infections by over 30%. Diarrhoea and respiratory infections are the number one cause for children to stay away from school,\" the circular to schools states.The circular adds that in view of the benefits of washing hands with soap, schools should inculcate in children the habit of washing their hands with soap before and after going to the toilet as well.\"All schools are requested to mainstream the activity by making soap available. Teachers and headmasters are asked to monitor the activity,\" the circular states.This year, first the comptroller and auditor general (CAG) of India's report pointed out that school children in Goa did not receive the prescribed nutrition under the midday meal scheme.Later this year, the Union human resource development ministry in its review of the midday meal scheme in Goa had said that of the over 1.50 lakh students served midday meals during the academic year 2011-12, 29% were found to be underweight, 21% were stunted and 1.59% suffered from severe anemia.The new state government has been making attempts to improve the midday meal scheme in Goa.During 2011-12, meals were served to 91,000 primary school students in 1,134 schools. At the upper primary level, which is from Classes V to VIII, meals were served to 62,000 students in all the 425 upper primary schools in Goa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15499948", "title": "Pak Hindus bring along tales of horror", "text": "INDORE: Terror and fear visible on their faces, as many as 22 Pakistani Hindus came to Indore on Tuesday with a hope to start afresh a fearless life in India. Another group of 52 people is expected to reach Indore on Wednesday. Indore is one of the favoured destinations for the Pakistani Hindus as already a good number is staying here.They have been given conditional religious visa from Pakistan with a rider not to speak against Pakistan in media. Seeing the battery of media people and cameras at the station, the visitors from across the border tried to melt into the crowd. Even those who were encountered by the media initially refused to talk, but after persuasion, they narrated their horrific life out there.Ajit Kumar , who had come here with family said that he doesn't want to go back.\"We have sold out our properties and everything before coming here and now we don't want to go back. We expect that Indian government will give us citizenship,\" said Ajit adding that around 230 people have crossed the border, and more than 200 people are getting ready to come here.He added that they were living in fear in Pakistan as there was no safety to their life and property. Often they were subjected to robbery and kidnapping.\"Now we have started getting threatening calls,\" he said, adding that they were under pressure to get converted to Islam.Dilip Kumar , who sold his kirana shop before coming to India, said that Pakistan government is not doing anything to stop atrocities against Hindus in Sindh province but a minister of Pakistan government landed up at Wagah border to stop them from entering India.\"Many people have applied for religious visa but now Pakistan government has slowed down the process of giving these. More people will come here as soon as they get visa,\" said Kumar.BJP leader Shankar Lalwani said, \"Right now they are here on religious visa which is for 45 days. After a month, their visa would be extended under long term visa (LTV) under which if they stay here for seven years and with proper police verification they can apply for citizenship.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15499405", "title": "Freedom at midnight", "text": "KANPUR: Though the Tiranga (Tri-colour) will be hosted all across the country on Wednesday morning, there is a place in the city where the flag is unfurled every year on the intervening night of August 14 and 15. This place is the 'Beech Wala Mandir Chauk' on Meston road, where the locals are following this tradition since August 14,1947.This place is famous as a perfect spot of communal harmony. 'Beech Wala Mandir' is situated next to a Mosque. Both these religious places were constructed several years ago and also witnessed many riots because of their existence close to each other. Yet this temple and mosque maintain their togetherness and symbolize Hindu-Muslim unity.\"Some very important events are associated with this street (Meston Road). The first is that the main center of Congress, 'Tilak Hall' is situated in the bylanes on Meston road. As crowd cannot be managed in the narrow lanes, hence, independence flag is hosted at the main Chauk known as Beech Wala Mandir Chauk,\" SP Singh, HoD history, Christ Church College, said.Mahatma Gandhi in his visit to the city in 1925, inaugurated a 'Khadi' shop at Meston road. Hence his presence is the other important reason for its association with Independence.Apart from this, there used to be tea-stall behind the 'Beech Wala' temple which was considered as a hub of several nationalist activities. Many of the great Indian freedom fighters like Ganesh Shanker Vidyarthi, Chandra Shekhar Azad, Hasrat Mohani planned strategies at this tea-stall.Old-timers say that Congressmen had selected this place after the consent of Mahatma Gandhi to unfurl the first flag of Free India in the city on the intervening night of August 14 and 15.\"Meston Road is a place where both Hindus and Muslims live and work together. With Tilak Hall nearby, this was the perfect place to host the first 'Tiranga' after getting the news of Independence. Hence, when the news of Independence was heard by the people they unfurled the flag here on the intervening night of August 14 and 15,\" said Badri Mishra, a social activist and resident of Meston Road.The local residents gathered at 'Beech Wala Mandir Chauk' and burst crackers. Gun-salute was given to the 'Tiranga'. Children presented cultural programmes and people celebrate the Independence day.\"Hum Yaha Swatantrata Devi ka Ahwahan karte hain (we please the goddess of independence) and thank her for setting us free. It is a symbol of our Ganga-Jamuni culture which is worth watching,\" added Mishra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15500174", "title": "BBMP violates bylaws", "text": "BANGALORE: You could call it a case of fence eating the crop. The Bruhat Bangalore Mahanagara Palike (BBMP) which has to enforce building bylaws has itself turned a violator. The new eight-storey building constructed at the civic agency's headquarters and inaugurated on Tuesday has thrown all norms to the wind.Contrary to bylaw stipulations that buildings over 15 metres tall should have an underground basement and ground floor reserved for parking, the BBMP's new building has a stilt-floor, a ground floor and six upper floors. Only five of the six upper floors are ready.The stilt floor, as defined by the Bangalore Metropolitan Region Development Authority ( BMRDA) model regulation zones, is a floor consisting of columns, which can be used only as car parking and shall not exceed 2.4 metres in height and not be covered by enclosures and shutters.A BBMP official, however, denied the building was constructed in violation of bylaws. \"Whether a highrise building should have a stilt and basement floor to support the floors above the ground or not is dependent on the soil-bearing capacity and water levels. In our case, water level and soil-bearing capacity were good and we needn't have an underground basement floor to accommodate vehicles for parking,\" he explained.Civic officials said 45 cars and big vehicles can be parked on the stilt floor, hence the underground basement is not required. The civic body had earlier planned to use the stilt floor of the Rs 9-crore building for parking and for computer operators. It was later decided to move the operators to the upper floors and earmark the entire stilt floor for parking.Bangalore requires our attention: ministerBangalore development minister R Ashoka seems to have realized that the city, with all its shortcomings, actually needs his attention.\"Bangalore is considered an international city; even US President Barack Obama talks about its knowledge power. But problems like waterlogging, improper sanitary system and irregular garbage disposal has now reached alarming proportions. We have to rid the city of such problems and bring together civic bodies to work in coordination towards achieving a cleaner and safer Bangalore. I promise to get more grants from the government,\" he said.CM Jagadish Shettar admitted that BBMP's financial powers are limited: \"We will discuss how more grants can be pumped in for the Palike to handle some typical problems facing citizens. The progress on widening roads, constructing flyovers and signal free-corridors should bring some respite. BWSSB will add 500MLD of water to the city in a couple of months, which should take care of water shortage.\" He took pride in the capital being ranked alongside international cities under various parameters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "mathura", "code": "15498992", "title": "Flashpoint during Samajwadi Party rule", "text": "MATHURA:June 2: At least four persons were killed in communal clashes in Mathura following a dispute between two communities over using drinking water kept outside a place of worship in Kosi Kalan area of Mathura.June 3: The sub-divisional magistrate (SDM) SDM Chatta and Circle Officer Chatta are transferred out of Mathura. SDM Rajesh Prajapati is replaced by Samir Verma and CO Satyaveer Singh is replaced by Anil Yadav.June 4: Mathura District Magistrate (DM) Sanjay Kumar and Senior Superintendent of Police (SSP) Dharamveer are transferred and replaced by Alok Tiwari and NR Padmaja respectively.PRATAPGARH:June 24: People taking part in a funeral procession of a dalit minor who was gangraped and murdered allegedly by members of a particular community, went berserk and torched at least 48 houses of the accused and community in Asthan village of Pratapgarh district.June 25: The UP government announced a compensation of Rs 50,000 each to owners of 46 houses which were torched. It also declared an ex-gratia of Rs 5 lakh to the family of the11-year-old dalit girl whose rape and murder allegedly led to the arson and violence.June 26: The government suspended district magistrate YK Bahal, SP OP Sagar, Circle Officer (Kunda) VS Rana and SDM (Kunda) Brahmaprakash.BAREILLY:July 23: Three persons are killed in communal clashes that broke out in Bareilly after a dispute between members of the two communities over playing of loud music while passing by a place of worship in Jogi Navada localityJuly 31: DM Manish Chauhan is shifted to Lakhimpur swapping places with Abhishek Prakash. Bareilly SSP Sanjeev Gupta is sent to the anti-corruption department and SSP, Special Task Force (STF), Satyendraveer Singh is appointed as the new district police chiefBAREILLY - II:August 12: Curfew is re-imposed in Quila, Prem Nagar, Baradari and Kotwali police circles following fresh communal violence in which a woman, her son and two others are injured. All schools and colleges, officials said, will remain closed till further orders.August 13: Four police officers are suspended and inquiry ordered against three others for negligence of duty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "15499260", "title": "Mapusa-Valpoi buses stop on bridge, cause jams", "text": "BICHOLIM: Buses plying on the Mapusa-Valpoi route stop on the bridge over the River Valvanti and cause major traffic difficulties.The buses either stop to allow passengers to alight or board the vehicle, said a resident. Locals from Keri and other villages alight from buses below the bridge and climb up to the bridge to board other buses heading to Mapusa.\"Despite repeated requests, the transport department and police have not initiated action to put an end to buses stopping here,\" Shivsena Bicholim unit president, Gurudas Naik said.Naik said the bus stop was permitted for commuters going to Keri and Poriem. \"But it is on the eastern side of the bridge and causes obstruction,\" he said.Vishram J Govekar, assistant director, transport department, Bicholim, who has taken charge recently, said he had not yet received any memorandum. \"We will look into the matter and take action,\" he said. The transport department will find out if it has been notified as a bus stop. Prashant Mandrekar, another resident, said there was no need for a bus stop on the bridge as there is one less than 50 m ahead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15504317", "title": "Cinematographer Ashok Mehta passes away", "text": "Cinematographer Ashok Mehta passed away on Wednesday morning. He was suffering with lung cancer which was detected early this year.Mehta worked with prominent filmmakers like Subhash Ghai, Rajiv Rai and MF Husain. He has to his credits films like Gajgamini , Trimurti, Khalnayak, Moksha and Ram Lakhan.Arjun Rampal who was given a break by Ashok Mehta in Moksha is planning to make a documentary on his mentor. Subhash Ghai said,\"Ashok was part of my family we had a 30 years association. My films look beautiful because of Ashok.'' Mehta had visited Ghai's film school at a felicitation ceremony last month. Ghai said,\"He was not well yet he came on a wheelchair. He has mentored so many aspiring cinematographers and had been an inspiration for all the top guns of today too.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15497900", "title": "In a first, trains not rescheduled on Independence Day", "text": "GUWAHATI: Breaking its tradition of rescheduling or canceling trains during Independence Day on security grounds, the Northeast Frontier Railway (NFR), for the first time, has decided not to change the schedule of any of its trains this year.Saying that the situation was normal and there were tight security arrangements in place, the NFR authorities said that they won't be rescheduling or canceling any trains this I-Day. \"We have broken the tradition because we believe the situation in the region is content, safe and normal,\" said NFR chief public relation officer S Hajong.The Railway Protection Force (RPF) patrol parties, geared with bomb detectors and dog squads, have also started maintaining a strict vigil on the railway tracks, especially in the city and adjoining areas.\"Our prime attention is the Guwahati railway station here and the Chandrapur stretch. We have deployed our teams at various places and track patrolling is on to ensure safety on railway tracks,\" said a senior RPF official here.A bomb hoax at Bamunimaidan Railway Colony on Monday night created panic here. A bomb squad team rushed to the spot and discovered that the object in question was simply an electronic device.The Khanapara veterinary ground where the official I-Day celebration is going to take place has been blanketed in maximum security cover. Barricades, tents, podiums and the whole ground have been under sharp vigilance for over a week now.\"Several CCTV cameras have been installed in and around the parade ground. For the city and its neighbouring areas, we have arranged multi-layered security and adjoining areas of Meghalaya too have been covered under tight security measures,\" said G P Singh, IGP of the central western range.The state police, along with paramilitary forces, have been on round-the-clock vigilance to thwart any subversive activity by militant outfits, especially after intelligence reports alerted about possible strikes by Ulfa hardliner's faction in Guwahati and several areas of upper Assam.On Monday evening, an Ulfa hardliner cadre was arrested and four IEDs were seized from him in Tinsukia district. \"We have arrested Padmajit Gohain, alias Nathu, alias Romit 'Asom' in an operation near Bordumsa area located at the Assam-Arunachal Pradesh border. Four powerful remote-controlled IEDs were seized from Gohain,\" said a senor policeman in Tinsukia. According to security forces, the Ulfa rebel was instructed to plants bombs on bicycles in congested areas of Tinsukia before Independence Day.A few days earlier, on Friday, five Ulfa cadres were arrested and two powerful IEDs were recovered from an abandoned cremation ground, 500 metre from the parade ground where the district administration was due to hold the I-Day parade in Tinsukia.In another incident on Monday, an IED was recovered by security forces from Puthimari village in Kamrup (rural) district. \"We have also asked the director general of civil aviation to direct all airport authorities to tighten the vigil in and around all airports in the northeastern states,\" said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "15499043", "title": "Seven state transport conductors suspended", "text": "GONDIA: Seven conductors of the Maharashtra State Road Corporation (MRSTC) of Gondia depot have been suspended on account of misappropriation in the amounts collected by them from passengers.According to information given by manager of Gondia depot of MRSTC, MD Neware, prima-facie of all the buses on all routes in Gondia, the ST buses were seen with sufficient number of passengers in them but the income did not look to be commensurating with it.So the traffic department launched a special drive to check these buses on routes with the help of flying squads. During this checking spree, it was found that either these conductors were not giving full tickets of the fare collected by them or were not giving tickets at all.So these seven conductors were trapped red-handed in this racket and were suspended. They are Amol Chaure, Sanjay Kalnayake, Umesh Sangole, RR Wagare, Santosh Meshram, Sidharth Bansod and Motiram Khotele.According to Neware, during April to June, the local depot had suffered a loss of over Rs 71 lakh. So this drive was taken up and shall continue further. A special traffic control squad has been formed under Gondia depot under supervision of Mr. Shole and its office in Gondia is going to be started soon.When asked about male passengers seen traveling in blue buses which are supposed to be for the girl students only, he said that the special facility is confined to only for the travel from the residence of the students to their schools. Before and after this destiny, male passengers could be accommodated, he said.\"For example, girls in Salekasa, Darrekasa or Deori etc. the bus is going from Gondia. So from Gondia to Salekasa, these buses can not be sent empty. So we allow mail passengers to sit in them from Gondia to Salekasa. Hence otherwise the MRSTC shall not afford the new scheme meant for the girls students,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15504215", "title": "Geetika Sharma suicide: Police clueless about Gopal Kanda's whereabouts", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ten days after former air hostess Geetika Sharma killed herself, Delhi Police is yet to trace former Haryana minister Gopal Kanda who is accused of abetting her suicide.Investigators have conducted searches and raids in around 50 places and questioned around 25 people but they are unable to trace Kanda, the owner of erstwhile MDLR airline where 23-year-old Sharma was working.Kanda was served with a notice to join investigations last Wednesday but the former minister had gone underground with police declaring him an \"absconder\" while his employee Aruna Chaddha was arrested.A senior police official said they were trying to locate him.Kanda and Chaddha were named in the suicide note of Geetika, who took her life on August five, alleging that they had harassed her and ruined her life. Both Kanda and Chaddha denied the allegations.The former minister had moved a local court and then Delhi high court seeking anticipatory bail. While local court denied it, the high court has reserved the order.Police have told the high court that they \"already have enough evidence\" against Kanda and required his custodial interrogation for a deeper probe.Kanda's lawyer has argued that prima facie, no case is made out against his client on the basis of the FIR and the suicide note. \"The suicide note cannot be treated as the gospel truth and the same has to be proved by independent evidence,\" he had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15498868", "title": "Petty politics creates islands of darkness on Independence eve", "text": "LUCKNOW: Thousands of sparkling bulbs made the tricolor descend on government buildings across the city on the eve of the Independence Day on Tuesday. Even as these buildings were shining away to glory, there were some conspicuous islands of darkness - dalit memorials and parks, clearly out of the present dispensation's favour.Be it the Ambedkar Park in Gomtinagar or twin Kanshiram memorials along the VIP Road, they didn't get even their normal share of light. In fact, the darkness was so profound along the Samajik Parivartan Sthal in Gomtinagar that the statue were hardly visible.In contrast, the Ram Manohar Lohia Park, back in currency with the Samajwadi Party back in power, wore a festive look. From trees in the park to pillars in the parking lot, every nook and corner was illuminated with chains of saffron, white and green lights. The clock tower in particular drew many eyeballs. Evening walkers were got a pleasant surprise when they reached the Lohia Park but some of them couldn't stop themselves from saying that, 'the change of guard cannot be more evident than the sight in this part of Gomtinagar.'Though Gomtinagar offered a case study, the impact of changeover was even starker along the VIP Road where entire stretch between Manyavar Kanshi Ram Ji Green Eco Garden, Bangle Bazaar and Manyavar Kanshiram Ji Smarak Sthal were wearing a desolate look in absence of even normal lighting .During the BSP regime, all these memorials were much feted and would be centres of attraction round the year. On the other hand, the Lohia park, named after the SP ideologue, fell on bad times. During the five years of the BSP rule, it was not given even proper maintenance, let alone festive lights on big occasions. Now, with BSP out of power, the story has reversed. \"It's a sad commentary on the level of politics,\" says Asif Rahman of Gomtinagar, who has been witnessing the change of fate. \"Memorials and parks named after national icons shouldn't be made victims of such pettiness,\" he adds.As visitors found the change obvious, those employed at the dalit memorials, were finding it hard to accept the circumstances. \"Ab thodi hi yahan kuch hoga,\" said a security guard posted near Ambedkar Park. \"Zamana badal gaya hai,\" stated a supervisor at Manyavar Kanshiram Smarak Sthal. They recalled that till last year, preparations for special occasions used to begin at least four days in advance.The Lucknow Development Authority (LDA), which is responsible for Independence Day decorations, this time lit Vidhan Bhawan and parks maintained by it. The LDA sources said that the agency was handed over a list of to-be-decorated-buildings by the secretariat administration a couple of day ago. Obviously, that did not include memorials. The list, it is claimed, was prepared by the Sachivalay Administration Department.While LDA vice-chairman Rajneesh Dubey was not available for comments, sources said that primarily it was the responsibility of the Smarak Sanrakshan Samiti to get the memorials decorated for the Independence Day. Some officials cited revenue crunch as the reason behind for not decorating the memorials. Sources said that the samiti was treading cautiously given the stern stance of the present dispensation vis-a-vis memorials constructed during Mayawati regime.Officials recalled how contractors used to approach to show their keen interest in getting the memorials decorated during the BSP regime. This time, the `initiative' was missing. And no prizes for guessing, 'why'?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15497922", "title": "Liquor retailers' body moves HC on wine shop closure order", "text": "GUWAHATI: The All Assam IMFL Retailers' Association moved the Gauhati high court on Tuesday challenging its previous order for closure of bars and wine shops located within a 500-metre radius of educational institutions, religious places, legal courts and healthcare centres in Guwahati. A date for hearing on the petition is yet to be fixed.The high court on August 9 passed an interim order asking the Kamrup (metro) district administration to close down all bars and wine shops located within a 500-metre radius of any educational institution, religious place, court or healthcare centre.Alak Dutta, secretary general of the association, said that the closure of more than 400 bars and wine shops in the city has rendered hundreds jobless and that they are finding it very difficult to run their families. \"After the closure of bars and wine shops, the employees and their families are struggling to make ends meet. Each liquor shop employs at least three people and a bar would employ a minimum of eight. We had no other alternative but to move the court for justice,\" said Dutta.He said as per government data, transaction worth Rs 40 lakh was recorded from the bars and wine shops in Guwahati daily.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15498188", "title": "Nagpur Sut Girni will be revived: Textile min", "text": "NAGPUR: Maharashtra textiles minister Mohammed Arif Naseem Khan has expressed shock over the theft of machinery from the defunct Nagpur Vinkar Sahkari Sut Girni (spinning mill) on Umrer Road.\"At a time when the state government is planning to revive the spinning mill, theft of machinery and equipment is a serious matter,\" Khan told TOI.In the meanwhile, the textiles directorate has woken up from its slumber. After TOI reported the thefts on Tuesday, the department sent an engineer and private contractor to the defunct mill for surveying and identifying the breaches.On the loss of machinery putting additional burden on the exchequer, Khan said the thefts will be taken seriously and security will be beefed up. \"I'll talk to the police department and those entrusted with the responsibility to secure the mill machinery,\" he added.On Monday at 10.30am, Nandanwan police seized over 1,600kg of scrap that was being removed through a breach in the compound wall. The material was collected during Sunday night by the thieves.The security guards and a clerk posted at the mill's main gate were then asked by the police to take back the stolen material. However, the clerk concerned had Rs700 only to shift back the scrap in an auto trolley. Over 100kg of scrap was still lying at the eastern side of the mill compound.Now, the engineer will submit estimates to regional deputy director of textiles RD Kausdikar. \"We are also planning to change the security,\" he said.Even as thefts continue, sources said the officials are examining quotations from various security agencies. One of the agencies has submitted a quotation of Rs20,000 per head for posting armed gunman. But the cash-strapped textiles department may find it difficult to foot the bill. Till now the department was paying Rs40,000 towards 10 security guards, but only four were actually deployed.Khan said Nagpur has always remained a textile city and Congress MP Vilas Muttemwar also wants the mill to be revived as it will give jobs to the locals. Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan has agreed to the suggestion.\"We have held 3-4 meetings on the issue and it will need around Rs25-50 crore to revive the sut girni,\" Khan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15500780", "title": "Shopkeepers suspend stir following HC stay on sealings", "text": "Parvesh SharmaPATIALA: Shopkeepers here withdrew their agitation on Tuesday following a 15-day stay on sealing of their premises, ordered by the Punjab and Haryana high court. They also cancelled their plans to greet Punjab CM Parkash Singh Badal with black flags in Patiala on August 15.\"The Punjab and Haryana high court has stayed the sealing for 15 days. We give 15 days' time to Punjab government to frame a new policy to save our shops. If government fails in this, we would intensify our agitation,\" said Rakesh Gupta, president of the shopkeepers' action committee.The high court had earlier directed Patiala authorities to seal commercial establishments of Patiala city, which were operating from residential areas. It had directed Patiala Municipal Corporation to identify all such properties with non-sanctioned building plans by August 14 and serve them a three-day notice.Details of affected establishments showed that many health service institutions will also face closure due to the sealing. There are around 90 private nursing homes and hospitals in Patiala city, which have around 1,000 beds for patients and they conduct around 700 deliveries a month. As majority of these private institutions face closure, health services will be badly affected here, sources said.Earlier in the day, hundreds of shopkeepers under the banner of Patiala Beopar Bachao Sangharsh Committee converged in Sherawala Gate around 9 am and held a protest march in different parts of the city. After the march, they also held a protest rally in Chhoti Baradari area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15499244", "title": "Robber cuts throat for gold chain, ring", "text": "CHENNAI: Police have launched a murder-hunt after a man was found dead with deep cut injuries on his throat at his house in Kottivakkam. A gold chain and ring weighing 10 sovereigns were reported missing during the preliminary probe.Police identified the 52-year-old man as Vinayagam, a driver at Chennai Harbour. He was found dead in his blood-soaked bed at 5am by his wife, Rani, who sleeps in an adjacent room.The killer sneaked in through the back door by breaking open the tin sheet behind the iron door grille. \"My mother woke up at 5am and found the rear iron grille door open. She then went to my father's room and found him dead,\" said Vinayagam's younger son Gopi.Gopi, a software engineer, lives with his wife at Perumbakkam on the outskirts of the city. Vinayagam's elder son Thiagarajan is settled in South Africa with his family.Police said the couple had some 30 sovereigns of gold in a cupboard in the hall, which was left untouched by the robber. Police suspect the assailant might have broken into the house under the pitter-patter of Monday night rain. The rear iron grille door left unlocked made the entry easy.Police have detained Vinayagam's tenant living on the first floor as a suspect. Police said Vinayagam had frequent run-ins with his \"squatter\" tenant. Some of his neighbours said they rarely saw him around.Residents of Ilango Nagar were rattled when their locality grabbed spotlight for a gruesome murder. A neighbour of Vinayagam, Porchelvi, said, \"I have been here for the past 40 years and I'm sure this area hasn't witnessed a gory crime like this. Once, a few years ago, there was a dust-up between two rival gangs; and that's it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15502881", "title": "Vivek Oberoi to become dad", "text": "Vivek Oberoi is soon to become a father. The beans were spilled by close friend Raj Kundra on Twitter, who wrote, \"Congratulating my dear friend @vivek_oberoi and his wife Priyanka on the good news and welcoming them to parenthood soon!\"Bollywood has recently witnessed a baby boom with Shilpa Shetty Kundra , Aishwarya Rai Bachchan , Lara Dutta Bhupathi, Celina Jaitly turning mommies. Vivek married Priyanka Alva on October 29, 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15500556", "title": "AEF lights up education dreams of poor children", "text": "MANGALORE: Coming from a poor family of farmers, higher education was a dream for Sabitha Monis. Not the one who will let anything to get in the way of fulfilling her goals, not even her disability, Sabitha, made her dream come true with the help of Alva's Education Foundation (AEF).The foundation under its adoption scheme gave financial assistance to Sabitha to pursue BA and later MSW. Today working with the foundation as a students' welfare officer she is a role model for many. Sabitha, who does not have two hands, writes and operates computer using her legs.\"Apart from providing free education, AEF gave me Rs 1,000 per month as scholarship while pursuing BA and MSW. In 2009, after the completion of MSW, AEF recruited me as students' welfare officer. I never thought that I would continue my studies after II PUC given the financial circumstances of my family. Today, I am leading a comfortable life, thanks to AEF,\" she said.Since 1995 AEF has been giving free education for many like Sabitha. The foundation offers a number of degree and PG courses including nursing and engineering.At present, under its adoption scheme, the foundation is sponsoring 2,500 poor, rural and tribal students.AEF chairman M Mohan Alva said, \"The objective of the scheme is to provide quality education for students hailing from poor and middle-class families. We also help students who excel in the field of arts and classical music.\"AEF will provide free food, and hostel and other facilities to all the beneficiaries of the scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "qr codes can be created very quickly for free. they can be saved on your computer as pdf files or jpeg/png image files. head to sites like http", "code": "15503269", "title": "How to create &amp; read QR Code", "text": "QR codes can be created very quickly for free. They can be saved on your computer as PDF files or JPEG/PNG image files. Head to sites like http://beqrious.com, www.azonmedia.com or www.qrstuff. com.You can generate a QR code pointing to a website, to a Google Maps location, with plain text, linking to a Facebook/Twitter page or to directly update a social network by just scanning the code. Type the relevant information in the corresponding box on the website and it will generate a QR code for free.To make a QR code that looks a little out of the ordinary, you can change the foreground/background colour and add a photograph or logo into the code. To read QR codes, you need a QR code scanner app on your smartphone. Google Goggles and NeoReader are free apps that work great on Android , Windows Phone and iOS devices.If you have a BlackBerry , check out QR Code Scanner Pro. All that you need to do is launch the app, point the phone's camera towards the code and it will automatically show you the contents. Make sure that your phone has a working data connection (Wi-Fi or cellular) in order to view or act on the information provided.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15499037", "title": "Controversial Taj trip cost CM's chair, Adarsh added to woes", "text": "MUMBAI: Vilasrao Deshmukh's name figured in several controversies during his four-decade long political career, even costing him the chief minister's chair.In 2008, when Deshmukh's government was already under fire for its handling of the 26/11 attack, his visit to the Taj hotel to survey damage during the three-day terror siege irreparably damaged his political career. Deshmukh's decision to take along his actor son Ritiesh and film producer Ram Gopal Varma created a nationwide outcry, forcing him to resign as chief minister.His name also figured in the Adarsh scam, involving leading politicians, high-ranking bureaucrats and several military personnel. Deshmukh knew if he was not cleared in the scam, he stood little chance of returning as chief minister. However, since the Adarsh scam unfolded, Deshmukh argued that it was well within the state government's jurisdiction to allot land to a co-operative housing society and that the land was never owned by the defence ministry nor was it reserved for Kargil war heroes. While a judicial probe was on, Deshmukh was more worried about the CBI probe.He was also at the receiving end for allotting 21 acres of prime land in Goregaon to film producer Subhash Ghai , for a pittance. Hearing a PIL, the Bombay high court on February 9, 2012, not only cancelled the allotment, but passed strictures against him, saying there was gross abuse of power. The apex court on April 4, 2012, upheld the order and asked Ghai to restore ownership of the land to the state government.In another case, it was alleged that Deshmukh's office (when he was CM), asked the Buldhana police not to act against Congress legislator Dilip Sananda. The HC passed critical observations against him and imposed a heavy fine on the state government. A special leave petition filed by the government was dismissed and the apex court enhanced the fine to Rs 10 lakh.More damaging was a CAG report tabled in the legislature, which pointed out that a prime piece of land in Andheri was allotted to an educational institute headed by Deshmukh at a nominal cost of Rs 6.56 crore, against its market price of Rs 30 crore.Major controversies :High court sets aside land allotted to Subhash Ghai's film instituteSC imposes a fine of Rs 10 lakh on the state government after it was confirmed that Deshmukh's office tried to influence Buldhana police officialsCAG report slams Deshmukh for allotting prime piece of land at a nominal priceAdarsh scamHis visit to Hotel Taj after the terror attack lands him in a controversy", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15498614", "title": "Headless departments cut down BMC's efficiency", "text": "MUMBAI: Despite being the nation's richest municipal body, the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) has not been able to fill up a dozen important posts in its departments, forcing the civic body to appoint senior officials to head more than one department.The posts of heads of several departments, including road, solid waste management, IT and education, are held by officials as an additional charge.A civic official said, \"We have been forced to give senior officials Grade 1 level posts as we could not get anyone for the job. Only senior officials who have been proven to be capable have been temporarily given the charge of other portfolios.\"Over a third of Grade 1 level posts are being held by officials as an additional charge. Chief engineers of a department, deputy chief engineers, deputy municipal commissioners as well as assistant municipal commissioners and municipal commissioner fall in the 'Grade 1' category.Rahul Shewale, standing committee chairman and Shiv Sena corporator, said, \"We need strong-willed officers who can man these departments and do their jobs properly. Currently, a number of the heads have to do the work of two people and obviously it brings down their productivity.\"A senior civic official who holds an additional charge told TOI, \"Visitors look at my business card and are impressed that I head two departments, but they do not realize that it means twice the work and responsibility. It is hard, but we manage somehow.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15499644", "title": "Colleges settle for Rs 35,000 fee", "text": "HYDERABAD: Over 600 engineering colleges in the state have agreed to the new fee structure of Rs 35,000 per annum proposed by the state government. In a late evening meeting with chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy, college managements said they would abide by the government decision. In the next academic year (2013-14), the government is expected to increase the fee depending on the inflationary trends. The colleges will submit their affidavits within a day committing themselves to the new fee structure, officials of higher education department said.With colleges coming to a consensus, the government is expected to fix the counselling dates in a couple of days. However, the fee structure of about 60 colleges, which have not agreed to the government's proposal, will now have to be decided by the Admission and Fee Regulatory Committee (AFRC). The AFRC is expected to take a while to fix their fee as the Task Force set up by the government to conduct inspections in these colleges has not started the exercise.As decided earlier, MBA, MCA and other professional courses, including pharmacy and M Tech will not have a fee hike this year. The existing convenor quota fee will be collected for both merit and management seats, officials said. The college managements said they were assured by the government that they would get a fee hike next year. \"We have agreed to end the fee tussle as the admissions were getting delayed. But the government should keep its word and increase the fee next year,\" said a college management representative. Meanwhile, two petitions were filed in the HC requesting a quick decision on the counselling dates and fee structure.The government has decided to give full reimbursement to students who take admission in colleges which have agreed to Rs 35,000 per annum as fee structure. \"The fee reimbursement scheme is expected to continue as it is. Students from weaker sections are expected to get a complete tuition fee cover, now that the colleges have agreed for a small fee hike,\" said a government official. However, whether the government will give a full fee reimbursement for students who are planning to take admission in colleges which have asked for a fee over Rs 40,000 is yet to be finalised.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15502855", "title": "Prabhu Dheva has a new ladylove?", "text": "If rumours and some media reports are to be believed then ace director-choreographer Prabhu Dheva has a new woman in his life . There was a recent media report that actress Nayanthara, with whom he had a three year relationship that was set to end in marriage, broke up because he had met someone else. Noone seems to know who this mystery lady is.Prabhu Dheva has just bought himself a new pad in Mumbai and has a home in Chennai too. His ex-wife and children live in Chennai and he makes it a point to visit the city and meet them regularly. In fact, he flew down last week to spend his son's birthday here and even put up pictures on Twitter. Wonder if Nayanthara knows the lady in question though she has never said anything regarding this to the media. When we quizzed as to whom this new woman in his life was, Prabhu Dheva did not confirm or deny the story nor divulged any information. Looks like both of them have moved on from their relationship and prefer to let the past be the past.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15497626", "title": "Independence Day Kanga clashes put off", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai Cricket Association (MCA), on Tuesday, called off all the matches of the Kanga League, scheduled for Independence Day as a mark of respect to Vilasrao Deshmukh, the MCA President, who passed away in Chennai.Thakur Boys win: Thakur Boys cruised to an emphatic 5-0 win against Shree Mauli Mandal in a Third Division match of the Mumbai District Football Association (MDFA) League - 2012-13, played at the St. Xavier's ground, Parel.Results: Thakur Boys 5 (Gaurav Gaikwad, Pranay Sharma, Praveen Rao, Ashutosh Yadav, Rohan Deshpande) beat Shree Mauli Mandal 0; Franco Sports 3 (Dominic Fernandes, Dustin D'Costa, Akshay Salian) beat Nails United 0", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15498304", "title": "Noida residents in shock as water bills run into crores", "text": "NOIDA: Thousands of households across Noida are in a state of shock after receiving new, computerized bills for water consumption with amounts ranging from thousands to even crores in the case of societies.The Noida Authority's Jal department, which was in deep slumber since 1976, suddenly woke up last month and began settling its accounts. The residents, who have so far been paying fixed charges, have suddenly been slapped with hefty arrears and penalties.The arrears and interest have been calculated for periods dating back several years. Harassed residents who have tried to seek answers have been told to \"first settle, then talk\". And unless you can cough up the amount, howsoever hefty, there won't be any \"discounts or waivers\".In several cases people are being made to pay even for water connections that were never activated or availed. \"It seems that I have consumed the entire city's share of water,\" said an exasperated N C Chakrabarty, a resident of sector 31, who received a bill of Rs. 96,000. He has been showing his receipts that prove regular payment of bills, but in vain.\"In all these years, the Authority failed to provide me a bill or inform me if it noticed any short payments, and suddenly it is forcing me to pay for its own mistakes,\" fumed Chakrabarty.Dues will be claimed: OfficialsThis is not an isolated case. Ashok Raheja has been asked to pay Rs 56,000 as arrears for the past 12 years. He was told that he had not adhered to the prescribed categorization of plots by the Authority all these years.The case of Alok Malhotra, a non-resident HIG flat owner in Sector 99, is even more curious. He has to pay Rs 20,000 for a connection that was not provided. \"Our society is anyway rife with problems as the Authority has failed to provide even the basic infrastructure. Till a few years back, we were relying on tankers. Hence, most residents, including myself, live elsewhere. But the Authority is refusing to listen to me,\" Malhotra said.S Gupta, a resident of sector 41, was forced to pay Rs 34,000 for what he supposedly consumed in the past 10 years. However, Gupta, who has been living in Sector 41 since 2006, got his water connection only last year! \"There was utter chaos at the Authority office today and the officials themselves did not have any information. They forced me to pay the entire amount without giving any explanation,\" he said.\"The Authority is forcing hundreds of residents to pay up saying they 'may' adjust it later. I am a senior citizen and yet the officials made me stand in a queue for several hours. Even then, they did not address my problem and I ended up paying Rs 17,000,\" said C B Malik, a resident of Sector 31.Shristi Welfare Society in Sector 93 mopped up whatever funds it had to pay Rs 49 lakh. \"The actual bill was for Rs 1.17 crore but we managed to get a discount. The Authority never sent us a water bill earlier and, hence, from the time these apartments were constructed, the developer has not paid any water dues,\" said Debobrato Lahiri, acting secretary of the society.This the first time that the Authority has generated computerized bills. Till now, consumers - residents or housing society members - were required to visit a bank at the Authority's Sector 37 Jal office and pay their dues, a pre-fixed monthly amount. The bank would then forward their challans to the Authority.Besides refusing to own up to any mistake, the Authority has failed to define clearly the criteria for the new water tariff, categorization of customers, last date for payment etc. This doesn't even take into account the cases of residents, and in several instances the bank and the Authority, losing past bills and challans, making it impossible to rectify the errors.\"For decades, not a single notice was issued to customers. The Jal department has no right to harass residents and charge without any prior notice and meter recording,\" said A B Suri, a resident of sector 41, who paid Rs 17,000 as arrears.The Authority officials are sticking to their guns. \"In some cases, calculation errors have been made and those residents are free to visit us on any working day and get their problems sorted out. However, in most cases, people have not paid the right amount in the past and, hence, penalties are being levied. It is wrong to blame us because we have simply identified these short payments now that we are updating our system,\" said Hom Singh Yadav, chief maintenance engineer (Jal). \"While all grievances will be redressed, the residents are absolutely liable to pay what they owe to the Authority,\" he said.\"For the benefit of such residents, we have launched an amnesty scheme offering waivers on the penalty. They can avail a 30% waiver for about a month's time tomorrow onwards,\" Yadav said.Where you can complain:A K Saxena (Division-I, office in Sector 5): 9582793077 Satendra Sharma (Division-II, office in Sector 37): 9582793070 M D Pandey (Division-III, office in Sector 39): 9582793082Times ViewThe Noida Authority cannot be allowed to drop such a bombshell on residents for its own fault. If it has failed to bill consumers, in many cases for a decade, it cannot suddenly wake up and demand payment for the whole amount in one go at such short notice. It certainly should not be charging interest on dues that were never billed. The system of flat charges also means there is no incentive to conserve water, since you pay the same amount irrespective of how much you consume. It is another matter that the quality of water supplied is so bad in most cases that even the poor will not risk drinking it. In short, it is one big mess and it is those responsible for creating the mess who should face the music, not the residents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15500310", "title": "Governor asks CM: What\u2019s going on in Bangalore?", "text": "BANGALORE: Has law and order failed in Bangalore? Expressing concern over the increasing number of murders in the city, governor H R Bhardwaj summoned chief minister Jagadish Shettar and sought an explanation from him on Tuesday.The CM declined to comment on his meeting with the governor.Deputy chief minister R Ashoka, who also holds the home portfolio, said law and order was in control. \"Barring a few incidents of law and order in Bangalore, there is no problem. Police arrested the culprits immediately. There is no need for the public to panic,\" the minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15499566", "title": "Now, get a beautiful smile digitally", "text": "VARANASI: The misplaced teeth, which compel a person not to smile, can now be restored and made beautiful by digitally enhancing the beauty of the smile and followed by final restoration of teeth.Now one can avail the otherwise costly aesthetic diagnosis and correction of misplaced teeth through digital smile design (DSD) technique at the faculty of dental sciences, Sir Sundar Lal (SSL) Hospital, Banaras Hindu University , with an affordable budget.Dr Farhan Durrani, a faculty member, said the technique is a part of cosmetic dentistry. It takes 20 to 25 minutes to analyse and evaluate the patient's aesthetic concerns.\"Three digital photographs of the patients (detailing full face with wide smile and teeth apart, full face at rest and retracted view of maxillary arch with teeth apart) are taken. Using a software, midline canting, occlusal plane shifting and other factors are studied. The misplaced teeth are super imposed with pictures of normal looking healthy teeth and shown to the patient,\" Durrani said.During the digital diagnosis, care should be taken that the line should be parallel from the tip of canine of one side to other side, central incisors should be parallel with middle of incisive edge and dental midline and incisive papilla should meet. \"Based on the digital diagnosis, tooth proportions are measured and transferred to the cast.Temporary teeth with acrylic are prepared first and if the patient is satisfied with the size and shape of teeth, final restoration is done with full ceramics, zirconia or porcelain fused metal restorations. The teeth are fixed with artificial resin cement,\" Durrani said.Durrani said zirconia is not very popular in the country for it is very costly. \"A tooth made of zirconia costs around Rs 3,000 in lab, which often goes beyond the budget of the patients, while ceramic tooth can be prepared between Rs 1,800 to 1,900 and is widely used here,\" he added. \"The entire procedure takes around 6 to 7 sittings and costs Rs 22,000 to Rs 30,000,\" Durrani said.There are some precautions that have to be followed by the person undergoing restoration. \"Once the restoration is complete, one should always avoid biting hard eatables as the teeth are prepared from ceramics and may get damaged. It is necessary to visit the dentist after every six months. Regular brushing is required so that the teeth remain in good condition,\" he added.According to Durrani, the technique is getting popular in many big cities and youngsters, specially girls, are availing this facility to restore their smile.\"For the first time, the technique has come in eastern UP and is likely to benefit many people as the budget of treatment has been fixed keeping in mind the paying capacity of the people here. We have already treated a doctor of the SSL Hospital and many more patients, specially girls are coming for restoration treatment,\" he informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15497591", "title": "Diamantaires upbeat over DCL's intra-state flights", "text": "SURAT: Diamantaires in the world's biggest diamond cutting and polishing centre in Surat are upbeat over Deccan Charters Limited's announcement (DCL) of starting intra-state flight services connecting Surat-Ahmedabad-Bhavnagar from August 20.Bhavnagar district in Saurashtra and other small diamond cutting and polishing centres like Amreli are the backbone of the Rs 80,000 crore diamond industry in Surat. It is here that near-gem quality stones - single cut diamonds below 1 cent - worth Rs 15,000 crore per annum are cut and polished to meet the growing demand from the markets like US, UAE, Hong Kong , India, China etc.DCL sources said Ahmedabad-Surat-Bhavnagar flight services will commence from August 20 and the Ahmedabad-Kandla route will be made operational from August 27. The company will be using two nine-seater Cessna Grand Caravan aircraft on these routes.\"We have big plans for Gujarat. Initially we are commencing our intra-state services with small aircraft.We will use bigger aircraft later,\" said a senior official of DCL.Industry experts said rough diamonds worth crores of rupees are supplied to small centres in Bhavnagar and Amreli and in north Gujarat. There is a lot of risk factor involved when the diamonds are in transit through the rail and road routes.\"The air connectivity between Surat, Ahmedabad and Bhavnagar is set to give a major fillip to the diamond Industry,\" said Dinesh Navadia, president, Surat Diamond Association ( SDA).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15498473", "title": "Rapid Metro waterlogs Cyber City", "text": "GURGAON: Tall claims by Rapid Metro officials that no waterlogging will happen during monsoon have fallen flat. Residents and commuters have complained of massive waterlogging at the construction sites, particularly near Sikanderpur.There are potholes at various places and construction material is dangerously strewn on the main road. This could lead to accidents, particularly at night.The Rapid Metro authorities, however, say that the water logging is due to the absence of a drainage system and not because of potholes and construction waste. \"All our construction activity at the ground level is complete and we are now undertaking construction work in the elevated section. Therefore, there is no question of water logging taking place because of us. The main problem is that there is no drainage system because of which there is no outlet for the accumulated rainwater,\" said an official.Adding, \"We are doing our bit to reduce the inconvenience caused to people by installing pumps to drain out the water. The water logging is bound to happen with or without us, till the time the civic authorities develop a proper drainage system in the vicinity.\"Regarding the construction material strewn on the road connecting Sikanderpur to Shankar Chowk, the official said he was not aware of it and said that he will look into the matter.Commuters say most of the water logging is witnessed around the area where the metro work is on. \"Even though it did not rain on Tuesday, there was water logging at Sikanderpur, right next to the point where the Rapid Metro is constructing its Sikanderpur station. Due to the water logging the pace of traffic reduces, resulting is snarls. There are no traffic marshals to direct the traffic,\" said Vikrant Sharma, a DLF phase-I resident.Another resident said: \"There are many potholes on the road between Sikanderpur Metro station and Bristol Hotel roundabout. This stretch is particularly dangerous at night since there are no streetlights.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15499667", "title": "High Court flags a cause dear to patriots' hearts", "text": "KOCHI: On Tuesday, on the eve of Independence Day, the Kerala high court brought a glimmer of hope to thousands of freedom fighters and their dependents in the state who have been deprived of pension because of bureaucratic delays.Apart from fixing a time limit of six months to arrive at a final decision on claims for Swatantrata Sainik Samman (SSS) pension, the court clarified that it is the duty of the state government to set up a centralized system to verify claims.Referring to a circular issued by the central government in 1998, the court held that the General Administration Department of the state government is responsible for issuing Non Availability of Records Certificate (NARC) after verification. The court's direction was in response to senior central government counsel S Krishnamoorthy's contention that no proper NARCs by the state government are available for most of the claims.A division bench comprising acting chief justice Manjula Chellur and justice A M Shaffique ruled that the state government should verify claims within three months and forward eligible ones to the central government. The central government, in turn, would have three months to arrive at a final decision regarding granting of SSS pension.Hundreds of petitions challenging government apathy in processing and finalizing claims to SSS pension granted by the central government have been pending at the high court for many years. The court had been disposing off these petitions in batches.Majority of the claims for SSS pensions are by persons who participated in the Punnapra-Vayalar Uprising of 1946 or their dependents. The records produced by the claimants originated from varying sources such as district magistrates or other courts, jail authorities, certificates by co-prisoners and certificates by existing pensioners regarding personal knowledge of the claimant's participation in the uprising. In addition to renowned agitations such as Quit India movement and INA movement, a total of 11 movements in Kerala are covered under the SSS pension scheme according to a central government notification of 1998.They include Punnapra-Vayalar Uprising, MSP Strike of 1946, Cochin Police Strike of 1942, Karivalloor agitation, Kavumbayi agitation, Kayyoor agitation, Chengannur riot case, Kadakkal riot case, Kallara-Pangode riot case, Anti Independent-Travancore Movement, and Vattiyoorkavu conference.Those who participated in these freedom movements are eligible for the SSS pension of Rs 14,200 per month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15497865", "title": "Cops to question slain militant\u2019s aide", "text": "NEW DELHI: Security agencies looking for a new lead in the Delhi high court blast case are planning to question Sajad Ahmed Mir \u2014 a close aide of gunned militant Amir Ali Kamal \u2014 who was captured alive on August 6 in Kishtwar. Another associate of Kamal, Chhota Hafiz, had managed to flee.The development comes after the release of a self-made video by Hafiz clearly pointing to his handlers sitting in Pakistan dictating him their moves. Pleading innocence and blaming his seniors across the border, Hafiz can be seen in the video saying, \"I am a soldier of Hizbul Mujahideen. My name is Shakir Husain alias Umar Ilyas. We haven't done this. It could have been executed by my seniors across the border or those sitting in Jammu and Kashmir. We are small-time mujahideen.\"Though Mir, alias Rizwan, was not a part of the LeT module that allegedly carried out the terror attack, sleuths believe he can provide valuable information on the outfit's recruitment technique in the Valley and its links with Indian Mujahideen, a claim already made by arrested LeT operative, Abu Jundal.Security agencies are likely to seek a transit remand to question Rizwan in Delhi. Investigators believe that he had visited the capital at least twice with Kamal before the attack. After Kamal's death, at least two different NIA teams reached Kishtwar in order to collect evidence about Kamal. \"Two officials of the NIA had reached Kishtwar earlier and another team arrived on Wednesday. The five officials are being headed by superintendent of police Ajeet Singh who is ascertaining the identity of the slain militant to know if he was the same man wanted in the HC blast,\" DIG, Doda-Ramban-Kishtwar range, Garib Dass said.Security agencies are also trying to locate the possible hideouts of Hafiz. It has been alleged that is involved in the alleged murder of several LeT men who had decided to surrender. \"With Kamal dead, Hafiz can be our only link to find more about the two Pakistani nationals who had actually planted the bomb on September 7,\" said an official.Besides Amir Ali Kamal, forces had also gunned down Mohammed Shafi Hajam, another militant, on August 6.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15497331", "title": "Model names Pakistani umpire Asad Rauf in sex scandal", "text": "MUMBAI: Top International Cricket Council ( ICC) umpire Asad Rauf has been accused by a Mumbai-based model, Leena Kapoor, of sexually exploiting her for several months after promising marriage. Rauf, who is a Pakistani, has been coming to India for several cricket tournaments, including the Indian Premier League, during which Leena alleges they had a relationship.The 21-year-old model has filed a written complaint with deputy commissioner of police (Zone 6) Pratap Dighavkar, in which she claims she had a six-month affair with the 56-year-old umpire, which was prolonged only because he promised that they would soon get married. However, Rauf has now backed off, she says. \"When I tried calling him a few days ago, there was no response,\" she says, adding that last week, Rauf called her to say that he did not know who she was and refused to have any more interaction.Pakistani website thenews.com.pk quoted Rauf as denying the allegations and saying Kapoor was seeking to gain publicity by linking her name to his.Model Leena Kapoor, who stays at Oshiwara, claims she met Rauf for the first time in Sri Lanka six months ago through a mutual friend. \"We exchanged numbers and stayed together in the island nation for three days,\" she says. \"He also came to Mumbai to meet me when I was ill and we became closer.\" It was then, she adds, that the umpire --already married and a father of two-- said he would marry her. \"He convinced me that because his religion allowed more than one marriage, he could marry me. He kept saying his family wouldn't have a problem with his second marriage,\" she says.\"He also offered to buy me a flat in Mumbai. But I never wanted his money. I have enough for myself and am busy with my work,\" she adds.DCP Dighavkar confirmed receiving a complaint from Leena. \"It has been forwarded to a senior inspector (at Versova Police Station),\" he said. \"He has been asked to conduct an inquiry, based on which further action will be taken.\"Rauf has stood in 44 Tests, 95 ODIs and 17 T20 matches and is considered among the best in the world. Prior to umpiring, Rauf was also a first-class cricketer in Pakistan .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15500200", "title": "President honour for 22 police personnel", "text": "BANGALORE: Twenty-two police personnel have been chosen for the President's medal.The awards include two gallantry medals, two distinguished service medals and 18 meritorious medals. IG (Intelligence) Gopal B Hosur and Banaswadi inspector T Rangappa have been chosen for gallantry medals, while additional commissioner (CID) S Megharikh and Bellary DySP CG Kyathan have been honoured for distinguished service. KSN Chikkerur, ADGP, DCRE; SPs D Prakash (B'lore Rural) and B Mahantesh (Intelligence, Gulbarga); Chamarajpet ACP MS Hussain; DySPs MK Muralli (forest cell), Mohan Rao (CID), Mahesh L Naik (Intelligence, Karwar), B Sachidanand (Wireless) and P Harishchandra, (Mangalore); inspectors Siddamallappa (City Market traffic), VPM Swamy (CID), Prabhakar Barki (Mysore), MP Jayamurthi (Mysore) and N Mallappa (Shimoga); reserve inspector P Venkatesh (B'lore), ASIs VS Javoor (Gadag), Vithal Rao M Desai (Kartogi, Koppal) and head constable MN Tadasi (Dharwad) have been chosen for merit medals. TNN", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15489871", "title": "I am in a happy space now: Anurag Kashyap", "text": "For someone whose first film 'Paanch' was banned for being too violent, Anurag Kashyap has come a long way with his revenge drama 'Gangs of Wasseypur'.Kashyap had refused to bow down to the Censor for 'Paanch' despite it being his debut film. The film never saw the light of the day and he struggled to make his other movies before 'Dev D' brought him commercial success.He is once again rewriting the rules of movie making with his two part 'Gangs of Wasseypur', which in Kashyap's own words, is his most watched movie.The director says he is finally in a happy space.\"Now am getting to make the kind of films I always wanted to make and I am making them freely. I am in a happy space,\" Kashyap told PTI in an interview.Violence is a key ingredient in the drama, which draws mostly from real people and incidents. Kashyap said he did not want to control violence in the film because it would have hampered the reality.\"Violence is not portrayed realistically in our films which sometimes inspires people to act like a hero. I played up violence in 'Wasseypur' because I believe that real violence makes you uncomfortable, it makes you flinch. You would not want to repeat something which disturbs you.\"One of advantages of being true to his conviction is that sometimes good stories come walking to Kashyap because people believe that he will be interested.That's what happened to 'Wasseypur'. The story had first gone to Hansal Mehta, who did not take up the project. Writer Zeishan Quadri then went to Kashyap, who agreed immediately to make the film after reading the brief.Kashyap launched into the research and then shot the film for four months. He was ready to take the risk of releasing the film in two parts.Both the films have released to critical and commercial success but it was hard for Kashyap to shorten the length to five hours and 20 minutes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15498722", "title": "Mantralaya heroes all set for solemn duty by Tricolour", "text": "MUMBAI: Most Mumbaikars see Wednesday's Independence Day as a welcome holiday mid-week to rise late and relax. But five diligent Class IV employees of Mantralaya's PWD department will arrive bright and early at the secretariat terrace in time to unfurl the Tricolour at 6.22am.These five bravehearts, whose duty is to hoist and fold the national flag daily, had continued to man their post amidst the blazing fire of June 21 when all about them were fleeing for their lives. They came down only after receiving formal orders to take down the flag before the usual sunset hour that day.On As they did then so on Tuesday, the five-Ganesh Munj, Suresh Baria, Deepak Adsul, Premji Roz and Vishal Rane-awaited orders on the Independence Day protocol. Around 4.00pm, the teamwere instructed to lower the flag to half-staff on Tuesday and on Thursday owing to the three-day statewide mourning for ex-CM Vilasrao Deshmukh. The flag, they were told, will fly as usual on August 15. \"The rules governing Independence Day state that the flag must fly tall and proud this day,\" said PWD staffer Rajendra Kanade.The state government had announced a grand felicitation for the five staffers but is yet to decide on a date for the function. Meanwhile, many private organizations have stepped forward to recognize their heroism. \"Our men have been feted across Kolhapur, Solapur and Pandharpur, where CM Prithviraj Chavan honoured them in public,\" said Kanade.On Wednesday, the team has been invited to unfurl the Tricolour at Zaveri Bazar around 10am and wind up the celebrations at a venue in Bhandup in the evening. \"Of course our duty at Mantralaya takes precedence over everything,\" said a PWD representative.\"We are responsible for three flags in the precinct, one that flutters atop the terrace, and measures 14x21 ft, the mid-sized one (8x12 ft) that the CM hoists in the compound and another a small one ( 4x6 ft) located in the New Administration building,\" said a PWD representativeThe 14x21 ft flag that crowns Mantralaya is perhaps the largest in the country. , said staffers at Kora Kendra, Borivli, where it is manufactured.The hearts of those who stand vigil over it are as expansive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15503305", "title": "Anirudh, Andrea caught kissing!", "text": "Recent pictures of the singer-actress and the Kolaveri music director surfaced on Facebook. But what sent them into a viral spin was the fact that Andrea and Anirudh were seen kissing in the pictures. The pictures were all over Facebook and Twitter and people were buzzing about this new 'relationship' in Kollywood. But Andrea and Anirudh did not make any statement to the media and preferred to lie low. However, it seems now Andrea has allegedly taken a step forward and told some media that these pictures were quite old and not recent. She apparently said that she and Anirudh did share a beautiful relationship but it didn't work out for whatever reasons. She felt it is better to focus on her career rather than respond to rumours in the media and talk of her affairs. The actress is now working in Kamal Haasan's Viswaroopam which is a big budget project for her and could propel her career sky-high if all goes well. Anirudh too remained unavailable for comment and was said to be busy with his recording in Mumbai. Looks like all is well for the two of them and as for the rumours, guess they'll also die down like all rumours do!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15500136", "title": "Foreign tour of legislatures deferred", "text": "BANGALORE: Bowing to criticism, state legislators' proposed foreign junket has been deferred by two months.Speaker KG Bopaiah's office confirmed on Tuesday that the tour programme has been put off. Sources said chief minister Jagadish Shettar and opposition leader Siddaramaiah, at a meeting held to choose a chairperson and members of the Karnataka State Human Rights Commission ( KSHRC), urged the Speaker to postpone the tour.TOI had first highlighted that though Karnataka was in the grip of a severe drought, legislators were leaving on a foreign junket using public money. At least 250-odd legislators, under the aegis of different legislative committees, had planned their trip from the first week of September.Criticism had been sharp, and the JD(S) had announced that their MLAs would not be part of the junket, as did KPCC president G Parameshwara. Former CM BS Yeddyurappa had also asked the legislators to shelve the programme. At Rs 6 lakh per legislator, the junket would have run up a bill of nearly Rs 15 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15497599", "title": "Surat Municipal Corporation cuts water supply by 25%", "text": "SURAT: Continuous release of water from Ukai reservoir has added to the worries of the residents in the diamond city. Reason: Surat Municipal Corporation ( SMC) has implemented an average of 25% cut in the daily supply of water as the floating algae, hyacinth and hydrilla in the water are creating problems in the operation of the intake wells in the upstream of Tapi river.Hyacinth and Hydrilla have fast growth rate - they can double in as little as two weeks. Official sources said the floating aquatic plants have been creating a hindrance in the smooth operation of the intake wells located near Singanpore, Rander and Amroli. The hyacinth and hydrilla plants clog the intake wells, forcing their compulsory closure.NG Parekh, executive engineer (hydraulic), told TOI, \"The entire area in the upstream of Tapi is infested with hyacinth and hydrilla. When the water is released from Ukai reservoir, these species choke the intake wells that pump water from the river to the water treatment plants. The intake wells have to be shut down compulsorily to prevent damage to the equipment. This is the reason why we have decided to cut the average water supplied to the city residents by 25 per cent, till the release of water would continue from the reservoir.\"Sources said Ukai dam authorities have reduced the outflow of water to 52,000 cusecs from 72,000 cusecs with the decrease in the inflow from the catchment areas.Parekh said the department is seeking the assistance of professional divers to clear the aquatic species.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15501919", "title": "Mira joins Woody Allen, Kasturica Cohen Brothers", "text": "Barely has she completed postproduction on her eagerly awaited The Reluctant Fundamentalist and Mira Nair is already onto her next big-ticket project.  She starts shooting Guillermo Arriaga-produced Words with God from Thursday, August 16, in and around Mumbai. Nair confirmed the news and said, \"I am making a 15-minute film for a wonderful compilation feature being produced by Arriaga called Words with God. He has got these six directors - if I may say so myself - to make films on the subject of God. Zoya Akhtar and Reema Kagti have written the script. We've been working on it for six months. We've got a wonderful lacerating script. And we're shooting here in Mumbai from August 16 to August 21. This is my most phat-a-phat film.\" Nair's film questions the notion of God. \"A child sees God everywhere and we, who think we need a special room to house God, don't understand the essence of God,\" the director said, adding, \"My film is about an upperclass Mumbai family that is going to see its new duplex apartment. The family begins to have a discussion on where to have the pooja room. Through this heated argument in the car, the family's eight-year-old child plays an imaginary hide 'n' seek with Lord Ganesha. He literally imagines Ganesha in several avatars.\" The eight-year-old protagonist is played by Naman Jain, who portrayed Janghiya in Vikas Behl &amp; Nitesh Tiwary's Chillar Party. Also starring in Nair's film are Ram Kapoor, Raj Kumar Yadav, Vinay Pathak, Cyrus Sahukar, Shefali Shah, Richa Chadda of Gangs of Wasseypur fame and Tanuja. Said Nair, \"I have pined to work with Tanuja. I've to accommodate all these actors in just 15 minutes of playing time! I love to work on at least one short film every year. What's amazing about this one that I'm making in Mumbai is that it straddles the worlds of reality and fantasy.\" Serbian filmmaker Emir Kasturica, Australian director Warwick Thornton and Kurdish director Bahman Ghobadi are among the other directors making films on the subject of God. And talks are on for the Cohen Brothers and Woody Allen to complete the bouquet. Incidentally, this is Nair's spiritual film post her father's death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15497580", "title": "Ukai dam discharge now 54,000 cusecs", "text": "SURAT: Ukai dam authorities have reduced the water outflow to 54,000 cusecs from 4 pm on Tuesday after a drop in the intensity of the rains in the catchment areas of Tapi river in Maharashtra and Madhya Pradesh in the past 24 hours. Before that for 36 hours, the discharge from the dam was at the rate of 71,958 cusecs.The water level in the dam was 333.87 feet, a little above the rule level of 333.84 feet. The inflow was continuing at the rate of 71,958 cusecs. However, the dam authorities decided to close its eight radial gates, which were earlier one foot wide open.SK Mishra, officer in-charge, Central Water Commission ( CWC), told TOI, \"The inflow will continue till the morning hours of August 16. However, the quantity will not be much.\"The water level at Kakrapar dam was steady at 164.50 feet. However, water was still flowing over the weir cum causeway by 1.64 metres. The maximum height of the weir is 6 metres. Hence, it has been closed for vehicles.There was heavy cloud cover over south Gujarat for most part of the day. But there was not much rain in any area of the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15500630", "title": "Three teens nabbed for stealing car emblems", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Chandkheda police rounded up three teens for stealing logos of cars and selling them in black. Investigators said that the minors, all students of class XII, stole the logos to make quick bucks. A team led by sub-inspector K B Jadeja got a tip-off that three teens were looking for buyers for the car logos. A team was sent as decoy. They came to know that they had 17 logos of companies such as BMW and Chevrolet . The deal was fixed at Rs 30,000 and they agreed to come to New CG Road to deliver them. \"We nabbed them when they came. The trio confessed to stealing logos from parked cars in Thaltej, Bopal and Vastrapur for finance their fun activities,\" said Jadeja.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15499645", "title": "Transplant in time could have saved Vilasrao Deshmukh", "text": "CHENNAI: Doctors who were treating Vilasrao Deshmukh had a 12-hour window of opportunity on Monday to do a dual organ transplant that may have improved his chances of survival, but the organs never came. Two more offers of a liver and a kidney came on Tuesday, but by then, Deshmukh's condition had deteriorated beyond repair.Deshmukh's death is expected to be a big blow to the Congress in Maharashtra as he was one of its few senior leaders who could read the pulse of the people.Deshmukh was credited with building the party organization in Maharashtra from the time he was inducted into the state cabinet for the first time in 1982. He survived several scares in his career since he entered active politics in 1974, including a poll defeat in 1995 and allegations of involvement in many scams.Sworn in twice as chief minister, he had the second-longest term in the state after V P Naik, who held the post for 11 years.Vilasrao required support for heart, lungs and kidney: DoctorDeshmukh waited for four days with no suitable cadaver organ available,\" said Dr Mohamed Rela, chief transplant surgeon at Global Hospitals. Deshmukh was apparently in a bad condition when moved to the Chennai hospital from Mumbai. \"In addition to liver failure, he also had circulatory failure requiring support for his heart, and respiratory failure requiring continuous dialysis. He was very unstable on arrival. However, in the first 48 hours, he responded to treatment and his vital signs stabilized even though he was still critical, requiring support for his heart, lungs and kidneys,\" Dr Rela said.This is when the surgeons considered him for a liver - and probably kidney - transplant, but there was no cadaver organ available. Though Deshmukh's sons had offered to give a part of their liver, doctors felt the patient needed a full liver, which means it had to come from a brain dead person. They had overcome bureaucratic hurdles on Saturday, when Deshmukh was registered with the Tamil Nadu organ registry as a 'super urgent category' case.On Monday afternoon, they saw a silver lining. A 31-year-old man, who was hit by an ambulance near Kovalam, was declared brain dead at the Government General Hospital (GH). The family of the man initially agreed to donate his organs around 9pm, and the registry allotted the organs to Deshmukh. A team of doctors from Global Hospitals reached GH around 10pm, but the medico-legal case needed the attestation of an investigating officer (who dealt with the accident case) from Kelambakkam, some 40km away. Meanwhile, some relatives of the prospective donor kept changing their mind on the consent, delaying the harvest. At 2.45am on Tuesday, the prospective donor died of cardiac arrest, leaving the organs unusable. On Tuesday morning Deshmukh's condition was so bad that the surgeons thought he could not pull through a long, complex transplant surgery. \"By Tuesday morning, his condition started deteriorating rapidly,\" said Dr Rela. \"His oxygen requirement was 100%, with poor tissue oxygenation. There was immense acid build up in the body. At 1.40pm he had a cardiac arrest and died.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15498785", "title": "Salute the flag at your holiday resort", "text": "MUMBAI: Those who have travelled to a tourist destination beyond Mumbai need not miss the flag-hoisting ceremony on Independence Day on Wednesday.The managing director of Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation ( MTDC), Jagdish Patil, has appealed to tourists and holidaymakers to participate in the flag-hoisting ceremony to be held at its resorts at all major tourist hotspots.City-based organization Mumbai First has, in association with the BMC and the state government, organized special screenings at several theatres across the city so that more than 1,650 differently-abled children can watch a movie.Mumbai First CEO Col Sunil Saberwal said corporate houses, banks, hospitals and hotels will organize the flag-hoisting ceremony.Saberwal said celebrations at sea fronts have been toned down following the demise of former chief minisree Vilasrao Deshmukh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15500289", "title": "Bags packed, Banglore folk ready to fly out this weekend", "text": "BANGALORE: Many citizens are ringing in Independence Day on foreign shores. If travel providers are to be believed, there is a huge surge in people travelling out over the next five days, starting Tuesday night.While a good number of Bangaloreans have opted for exotic destinations within the state, many with a penchant for travelling have booked themselves tickets to foreign locales.The three-night-four-day package is the most popular for those who have chosen to travel to Sri Lanka, Thailand and Burma. Starting for their respective destinations, they are expected to come back only on Sunday, some even on Monday after availing the Eid holiday.\"For those travelling to international destinations, inquiries started pouring in two weeks ago and bookings were done. For short-haul state destinations, bookings were made very recently,\" said Kawaljit Singh Narula, general manager, Le Passage Tour to India ( LPTI), Bangalore.Another popular destination is the Mysore-Madikeri route, and there's a huge rush for Goa too.Taking two days off work, IT employees are managing to escape from the city for a six-day long vacation. While some are heading home, a few have planned small trips around Bangalore while others will just chill out within the city.Said Amar and Prerna Puranik, a techie couple: \"We had planned this holiday two months ago. We will leave on Wednesday and are back on Monday evening. It's a good chance to visit our parents in Pune. From there, we are planning to go to Lonavala for a family vacation.\"For Sachin Patnaik, an IT professional, the long weekend is a tad boring.\"I have four days off this week, but my wife has a holiday only on Sunday. We can't go anywhere. I've decided to stay at home and relax. Such breaks are always welcome,\" he said.\"We are going to Wayanad for three days this weekend. Our daughter is in school and has holidays from Saturday to Monday. A small trip to a nearby destination will be enough to unwind,\" said Suhasini Atre, a homemaker.The Karnataka tourism department recorded full bookings at its Jog Falls and Belur properties. Last weekend was packed too. Apart from that, a significant number of Bangaloreans is opting for the Belur-Halebid-Chikmagalur-Bhadra-Jog Falls circuit before heading back home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "15502111", "title": "Suspended VC asks SGPC president to accept his offer of CBI enquiry", "text": "JALANDHAR: Even as SGPC president Avtar Singh Makkar is continuing his tirade against founder vice chancellor of SGPC funded Sri Guru Granth Sahib University, Dr Jasbir Singh Ahluwalia - now under suspension, latter has said that let Makkar accept his offer of CBI enquiry into the all issues pertaining to working of the University.Questioning the formation of enquiry committees by Makkar, the founding VC has even questioned Makkar's authority to do so as trust president.\"The enquiry committees set up by the trust president are exercises just to frame up the VC to justify the suspension order. These committees are not within power of the trust president and supervision vests with syndicate,\" Ahluwalia said in a written statement.After fingers have been pointed out on issues related to construction works, Ahluwalia said that no complaints were there about construction when he was ill (recuperating from bullet injuries) for months together even as the issues being raised now pertained to the period before he landed at hospital bed.Giving details of various construction works and their contracts, Ahluwalia claimed that all decisions of construction work were done collectively band no decision had been taken be VC alone.\"All proposals are duly processed by engineering wing of the University, quality control is ensured by project engineer, accounts are checked by Charted Accountant appointed by syndicate and is not under VC,\" argued Ahluwalia.\"Makkar should accept my offer of CBI enquiry if he is sure that his own role is above board in everything otherwise it is clear that through his own enquiry committee he is only cover up the real issues,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "15499201", "title": "LPG scheme a big hit in Tadoba Andhari Tiger Reserve buffer villages", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Buffer zone management of Tadoba Andhari Tiger Reserve (TATR) has gained major success in mitigating man-animal conflict under its jurisdiction through LPG connection distribution scheme. There is no incidence of carnivore attacks on humans in 16 beneficiary villages covered in the fist phase this year. The scheme has got overwhelming response and 30 more villages in buffer area have come up with the demand of LPG connection in second phase of the scheme.Buffer zone of TATR has 79 villages. Each household requires approximately 2 to 2.5 metric tonne of firewood per year, which puts huge pressure on forests. With high number of humans venturing into forest, the risk of carnivore attacks on them is also high. In most of the cases conflict resulted while collecting firewood from the nearby forest areas. Loss of human life due to tiger attacks leads to tense situation in the village and the ire is often shown against the forest staff who have to bear the brunt of such situations. While the number of tigers is going up in the area, it has become bigger challenge to manage the conflict situations for forest officers and staffers.As a remedy DCF, Chandrapur forest division, P Kalyankumar came up with idea of distributing LPG connections to the buffer villagers at 75% subsidized rates to minimize their dependency on forests. In first phase 16 villages were provided LPG connection. Nearly 70% families in the villages took advantage of LPG scheme. In all 16 villages, no case of human injury or death has been reported for last four months, which points out that villagers are not going to forest areas for firewood collection, their encounter with carnivores have reduced.\"Thanks to LPG connection I have not gone to the forest for last many months for firewood collection. Having LPG connection has also spared me some time to help the family in fields or children in their studies,\" said Archana Das of Walani.Beneficiary Walani in Chichpally forest range has 118 families. Out of these, 73 families are covered under the scheme. Remaining 45 families have paid in advance for their LPG connection in second phase.\"We women used to go in clusters every day early in the morning for firewood. Risk of attack from some carnivore was involved in every trip. Still there was no alternative, as food could not be cooked without firewood. But now we have got LPG connection, hence why go out into jungle risking our life,\" said Tai Ghodam. She is JMF committee member that coordinated in distribution of LPG connection in the village.Forest guard of Walani beat MR Waghmare said, that they have got a tiger and bunch of leopards and bears the forest around. \"One Devidas Todase from adjacent Check Borda village was killed in tiger attack on December 15, 2010. Since then, people reel into fear of tiger attack every time they venture into the forest. LPG connection scheme has come as respite to them.\".DCF Kalyankumar said, \"Villagers in buffer area are approaching us for LPG scheme. All 140 families in Palasgaon have deposited money in advance for the connection. We will take up the scheme in 30 other villages and cover the non-beneficiary families of first 16 villages in the second phase.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15499481", "title": "Legal battle ends, Marumalarchi Labour Front gets back office", "text": "COIMBATORE: After the high court upheld a subordinate court verdict allowing MDMK's trade union Marumalarchi Labour Front (MLF) to take back control of the buildings of Kovai Periyar Mavatta Panchalai Thozhilalar Sangham at Tatabad in Coimbatore and in Udumalpet, the legal battle between the labour wings of DMK and MDMK seems over.Disposing off an appeal filed by DMK's Labour Progressive Front (LPF), Justice V Dhanapalan said the petitioner was unnecessarily dragging the issue of handing over the buildings by engaging in a spree of appeals. The court observed the claims of MLF over the building as 'frivolous, vexatious and totally misconceived.'The issue rocked western Tamil Nadu during the tenure of previous DMK government with almost all trade unions, including those which belonged to Congress, Left and BJP , supporting MLF's argument that the LPF took over the building misusing their power and forging documents. On Tuesday, MLF general secretary and former MLA S Doraisamy said the buildings would be taken over soon once the official proceedings with respect to the implementation of the HC order are over.The legal fight started when LPF took over of the building by LPF showing a district court order, in May 1997. MLD workers were removed from the office on May 3, 1997 and LPF workers took possession of the building even as a case was pending in another court. MDMK activists moved the HC, which ruled in their favour.However, LPF activists allegedly manipulated documents and took control of the building again in March 2010, when DMK was holding office. The additional district judge then ruled in April 2010, returning the custody of the building to MLF. However, city police denied them permission to take control of the building saying LPF too obtained a court order against eviction.MLF approached the HC again and the court directed, in August 2010, principal district judge in Coimbatore to hear the case on a daily basis for four months and give a verdict. The principal district judge gave his verdict in December 2010, allowing MLF to take over the building. The LPF appealed in the HC and continued to occupy the premise.The HC has now dismissed all the claims of LPF. LPF activists V Pandi and D Dass, who approached the HC, said they were studying the verdict.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15499229", "title": "Innovative measures needed to tackle rail traffic", "text": "PANAJI: The Konkan railway has reached saturation point. Passenger and freight traffic have grown exponentially in recent years resulting in trains getting delayed regularly.The situation can only get worse in the years to come because of the single line. Doubling of the line is ruled out because of the difficult terrain. Hence it is imperative that KRC takes some innovative measures to tackle the problem.Being a regular traveller on this route, I suggest that wherever the distance between two stations is over 15km, such as Tivim and Karmali, a crossing should be arranged somewhere in between, which would be manned by a points-man working under the jurisdiction and orders of the nearest station master. Very often we see that trains are held up at Tivim/Karmali stations because of traffic movement in the opposite direction. A crossing in between will speed up traffic.This system, if implemented all along the Konkan railway route will allow much more traffic and will prove cost-effective.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15500663", "title": "Haryana govt wants Kanda endgame by Aug 24", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Does former Haryana home minister Gopal Kanda have just 10 more days to play his cards? Sources in Haryana say that the state government has put pressure on him to find a legal way out or surrender well before the monsoon session of the Assembly begins on August 24, where the Opposition is reportedly gearing up to take on the government in a big way.Sources also revealed that Kanda, who is missing since the last eight days, took the help of legal eagle KTS Tulsi only after a message was conveyed to him from the top echelons of the Haryana government to try every possible way to get out of this mess.With just two years to go for polls and already under fire over a number of issues - from allegations of not reigning in khaps and preventing atrocities on Dalits to problems over land acquisition - the state government is learnt to have not only given Kanda the cold shoulder, but has also sent across a strong message - \"stop being an embarrassment.\"Sources say that having burnt bridges with his previous political master Om Prakash Chautala , when he shifted allegiance to the Congress, Kanda is now \"politically isolated\" and pressure is growing on him to either ensure legal bailout or surrender before the Assembly session begins.\"Clearly, the government does not wish to provide more fodder to the Opposition when the monsoon session begins. The legal recourse was taken after the message was sent out to him. The government will now have something to reply in the Assembly,\" said a top source in Haryana police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15500268", "title": "Youth kills friend for drug money, arrested", "text": "Kherwadi police arrested a man, Rizwan Ansari (21), for killing his friend after the latter refused him money for drugs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15500222", "title": "Pedalling for a green city on Independence Day", "text": "LUDHIANA: Encouraging Ludhianvis to help the country rid of its dependence on fossil fuels for personal transport and also promote the cause of a green environment, members of the Cycle for Health and Happiness Club have decided to celebrate the 66th Independence Day by urging city residents to start pushing the pedals.\"The colour green in our national flag symbolizes profusion \u2014 of agriculture, culture, history and people. It suggests an integral relation between the people of India and soil and environment. This I-Day we will carry forward this message to city residents \u2014 by carrying national flags and moving throughout the city to promote peddling for a green city,\" said Davinder Nagi, president of the club.President of the Cycle for Health and Happiness Club Davinder Nagi said they would cycle across the city on I-Day to spread awareness. He added, \"With changing times and our dependence on fossil fuels for personal transport, the day is not far when India will be bled dry of money by fuel imports. Degradation of the environment will only speed up the process. We need to make sure this does not happen.\"Navdeep Singh, a resident of BRS Nagar, said, \"I wanted to celebrate I-Day in a meaningful way, rather than merely talking big about things ailing the country. So we decided to cycle for a green city on I-Day with a theme of safeguarding the green colour of the flag.\" He added, \"I have also invited my friends to be a part of the rally and we plan to sing, cycle, educate people and also have loads of fun.\"Another member of the club, Mani Pandey, a student and resident of Krishna Nagar, said, \"I have prepared many patriotic songs and will be singing these along with other members while cycling. As for me, cycling is not just a hobby, but a lifestyle choice that's healthy and green.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15499179", "title": "Crane operators learn by trial &amp; error", "text": "Arjun*, a poor youth, lands at a construction work site in search of a job and is hired as a helper. One day, he helps a crane operator and a few days later begins operating it himself. He starts using it to lift several tonnes at a site teeming with labourers, learning by trial and error.After about five years, if he has a spotless record, he will go on to become a crane operator commanding more than `25,000 a month. This is how most people become crane operators, say industry sources. Often, helpers and truck drivers become crane operators \u2014 all they need is a heavy vehicle driving licence. Around 90% of them never attend a training programme. They learn on the job.The young man who operated the crawler crane that crashed at a Chennai metro rail work site recently, killing one and injuring six others, had very little experience. A preliminary report showed that he didn't lift the load properly.There is a construction boom in the country with roads, flyovers, bridges, metro rail, mono rail and other projects being built or planned. Third party firms approved by the government to certify cranes, but there is no regulation yet for crane operators. Around 60% of the cranes are old machines that have been imported and overhauled.\"Cranes and operators are not properly monitored. There is no system to ensure crane operators are trained. There is no agency to monitor crane operators. So inexperienced workers often use huge cranes and cause accidents,\" said an engineer who had worked in the railways. \"In the absence of regulations, construction firms are on their own. On an average, one or two accidents involving lifting equipment and other heavy equipment occur across the country daily. Around 60% of the cranes need experienced operators. The labour ministry should formulate a regulation for crane operators,\" said P Mathur of Crane Inspection India, a third party inspection and certification body.Very few firms spend money to train crane operators. Some like L&T; and Gammon India have in-house training facilities and send operators for refresher courses, while smaller firms engage less experienced operators as experienced operators are expensive.Abroad, the use of cranes is governed by strict regulations. In the US, crane operators are certified by National Commission for Certification of Crane Operators and issued licences by state administrations. Most urban constructions require heavy mechanical lattice boom cranes, crawler cranes, hydraulic tyre cranes, hydraulic truck cranes and tower cranes. The increasing use of cranes is because of a shift in style \u2014 viaducts, platforms or pillars are pre-fabricated and assembled at work sites.* Name changed to protect identity", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "15499334", "title": "Farmers to get loan at 4% interest", "text": "MAPUSA: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar has assured a loan at the interest rate of 4% to farmers through the economic development corporation (EDC). Parrikar was addressing farmers at a farmers training camp on cashew production technology at Hansapur in Pernem.\"Although I am not a farmer, I understand agriculture. A farmer from Hansapur cultivated crops like chillies and onions on land belonging to our family and I used to work along with him with joy. We never bought chillies and onions during that time from the market,\" Parrikar said.The camp was organized by the directorate of agriculture in collaboration with the Pernem zonal agricultural office where local MLA and speaker of Goa legislative assembly Rajendra Arlekar was also present. Arlekar urged farmers to avail of the latest technology and take up farming vigorously.The chief minister said that government was committed to giving various incentives to the agriculture sector and called upon the farming community to adopt the latest techniques in cultivation to get multiple crops with a view to boost agricultural production in the state. \"Depending upon the area of the cultivable land, the loan at the interest rate of 4% will be provided to the farmers through EDC,\" Parrikar who is also the agriculture minister said.\"I am aware that government officers and workers in the agriculture department were only availing the benefits of the schemes offered by the government. I kept the agriculture portfolio with me as I wanted farmers to benefit,\" Parrikar said. Speaking further, Parrikar said that he was committed to improve the agricultural scenario in Goa and for that he was even contemplating increasing the number of zonal agricultural officers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15501975", "title": "Modi's Independence Day speech: Calls for people to defeat elements who want to create political disturbance", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Narendra Modi in his Independence Day message to people has said that it is the collective responsibility of the people to defeat all those elements who want to create political disturbance in Gujarat.Greeting people, he called upon Gujaratis to work for the growth of Gujarat in order to gain growth for the country.Remembering Mahatma Gandhi, Sardar Patel and other freedom fighters, he said, \"It is a matter of pride for the state that two of the greatest leaders of our freedom struggle, Mahatma Gandhi and Sardar Patel, were of Gujarat.\"\"And we are the people who speak their language. This also means that our responsibilities, too, are greater than others. When we call Gandhi and Sardar as our own, it also becomes our responsibility to actualize their dream. Gujarat has made all efforts to actualize their dreams,\" he said.The Gujarat chief minister said that the government has adopted the mantra of 'Gujarat's growth for India's growth'.He further said that the entire nation is under the threat of drought. Gujarat has had enough water during the last decade.\"This year the God has subjected us to a test. Sometimes, it seems that God wants us to never forget the value of water. Perhaps, when we got used to with the abundance of water, the God thought to test us. But, we - the government and the people - will join hands to pass through this trial,\" Modi said in his address.Modi also talked about how Gujarat had achieved impressive industrial growth, which has resulted in increased employment opportunities.Taking a dig at his critics he said, \"There are people who just don't want to see the growth Gujarat has made. There is no need to make effort to awaken them. We want to work tirelessly for the welfare of common man.\"Modi said that Gujarat was celebrating golden jubilee of Panchayati Raj. \"We saw villages attaining new achievements. We have decided to celebrate it in every village. I desire to felicitate all the members of taluka panchayat and district panchayat of today and past. On the occasion of 50 years of panchayati raj, we want to carry on our development march in villages. We want to open up newer dimensions of development in villages.\"He further said \"We need co-operation of everybody for political stability, only then can we go for development. Our policies are clear, intention is clean and Gujarat's welfare is he goal. We have been successful in coming out of old rituals during the last ten years. We could fill up many blanks.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15499200", "title": "Union labour minister 'suspends' Central Board of Workers' Education director Drave", "text": "NAGPUR: Dr Arvind Drave, the director of the Central Board of Workers' Education (CBWE), has been placed under suspension from Monday. He is facing a sexual harassment case filed by an officer of a joint secretary's rank in the Union ministry of labour.An important organization under the ministry, the CBWE has been lately shrouded by controversies over alleged sexual harassment by senior officials. CBWE, which has offices all over the country, has its headquarters in Nagpur. It is engaged in the creating awareness about government schemes among the unorganized workers.With Drave under suspension, CBWE will now be headed by PK Padhy, an IAS officer posted as labour and employment adviser to the government.In May this year, cases of alleged molestation and outraging modesty of a woman were filed in the Ambazari police station against four top officials of CBWE which included Drave. The offence was lodged following court orders after the victim was turned away by the police who she had approached earlier for registering an FIR.Others booked include, deputy director V R Hanvwate and assistant directors RB Bawne and BV Ramesh Babu. The complainant who specifically pointed fingers against Drave alleged him of making undue advances towards her. She had also made similar statements before the media in a press conference.The order now issued by the labour ministry is terse saying that Drave is put under suspension due to pending departmental inquiry. Insiders however, say it is because of the complaint of alleged sexual harassment. Drave, who resides in Nagpur itself, could not be contacted despite repeated calls on his cell phone.Earlier Drave had maintained that he is being falsely implicated after he tried to pull up his juniors for non-performance.Apart from the case in Nagpur, CBWE's top officials have also faced complaints of alleged sexual harassment in Bhopal. The husband of a female employee in Goa too has registered a complaint against Drave.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15500078", "title": "Waterlogging chokes Patna thoroughfares", "text": "PATNA: Rain lashed the city on Tuesday, throwing traffic out of gear as most of the areas and roads of the state capital were waterlogged on the eve of the 66th Independence Day. According to the Met office, the city recorded 30.4mm moderate rainfall on Tuesday.The district administration was busy pumping out water from Gandhi Maidan, the main venue of the I-Day celebration on Wednesday. The roads approaching Gandhi Maidan were waterlogged with traffic snarls throughout the day. \"The parking area allotted for the I-Day has been waterlogged. Now, we have to look for alternative parking area,\" said City SP (Patna) Jayant Kant.Vehicles moved at a snail's pace on Exhibition Road, SP Verma Road, Frazer Road, Chhajju Bagh, Income Tax roundabout, Hartali Chowk, Dak Bungalow crossing, while the premises of IIT, Patna, Patliputra Industrial Area, Birla Mandir Road, some areas in Patna City, Mithapur and Kankarbagh, and Patna Junction roundabout were submerged in rainwater.Several drains choked. Dirty drain water was overflowing from open manholes. PMC authorities arranged extra diesel pumping sets but it hardly made any difference. The PMC authorities, however, claimed that they had cleaned all small and medium drains. A PMC official said the interlocking of Saidpur and Bankipore drains were choked, leading to waterlogging in the adjoining areas. Drain water was overflowing at the entrance of the Public Health Institute of PMCH.Chintamani, a flag seller at the Dak Bungalow crossing said, \"We have been doing a good business for the last one week by selling small national flags at the traffic signals. Thanks to rain, the traffic movements were so slow today that we managed to approach almost every car crossing the signal.\"A senior officer of the PMC said the city's topography should be blamed for the acute waterlogging in areas like Kankarbagh, Rajendra Nagar, Bahadurpur and Jakkanpur. But he admitted the civic body had not been able to cope with the situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15499524", "title": "Two youth held with fake currency", "text": "VARANASI: The joint team of special operation group and Sarnath and Cantonment police nabbed two youth carrying counterfeit Indian currency (CFIC) amounting to 50,000 in the denomination of Rs 500.SSP BD Paulson said that acting on a tip off, he constituted a joint team that succeeded in nabbing two youth. The arrested persons were identified as Sonu alias Seraj of Azamgarh district and Zeeshan Ahmed of Koyla Bazar.The police recovered 100 notes in the denomination of Rs 500, one country-made revolver and a motorcycle from their possession.The upgraded quality of CFIC (printed in the latest series of currencies of Reserve Bank of India) made it difficult to differentiate it with genuine currency notes.During initial investigations, it came to light that the arrested youth had got the CFIC from Bhairva on Indo-Nepal border. The arrested youth had paid Rs 35,000 to the suppliers. They revealed that they had brought the consignment of CFIC for the second time.Sources revealed that the agents visiting Nepal to procure the CFIC consignment are getting the counterfeit currencies of Rs 1 lakh at a time.In the case of making second effort to procure CFIC, they are being alerted by the Nepal-based suppliers to operate carefully. Police were trying to nab other members of the gang.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15499143", "title": "Family alleges murder in woman's death", "text": "NAGPUR: A family has alleged murder in the death of a woman, though Kamptee police registered a suicide on Tuesday morning. However, based on messages sent by the victim before her death and the relative's allegations, cops later booked her husband under abetment of suicide and dowry.Police said that on Tuesday at around 7am, Barai Mohalla residents informed them about 28-year-old Mausami Sayre having hanged herself on Monday night. Her husband Deepak saw the body when he woke up. However, before the police reached, Deepak and his brother had brought the body down and kept it on the bed.Mausami's parents claimed that Deepak should have rushed her to hospital or informed the police. It was the neighbours who alerted police after they learnt about the death around 9am, when Mausami's parents reached.Also, Mausami's five-year-old son told the police that on Monday night he had seen Deepak beating his mother. Later, Deepak sent him to his grandmother's room but the child could hear his mother's screams till late in the night.Around 1am, Mausami called her aunt to rescue her. As it was too late, her aunt asked her to wait till morning. Again, at around 1.40am, Mausami sent her last message that read, \"Deepak is not going to leave me. I am going to die.\"Her parents claimed that Deepak, a guard at a private company, had demanded dowry Rs50,000 and was torturing her since the last few months. Relative's claimed that Mausami's body had many bruises and injury marks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15497656", "title": "Fake certificate gang busted in Ranchi", "text": "RANCHI: Five members of a gang that provides forged certificates to people were arrested on Monday night and forwarded to judicial custody on Tuesday. With government jobs being among the most sought after due to economic conditions, several candidates want to get it from the backdoor.Kanke police had on Monday arrested two persons, Sunil Lakra and his brother Munna Lal Lakra, who were trying to get recruited as general duty constable with the Indo-Tibetan Border Police (ITBP). One Mukesh Mahto was arrested on charges of getting the candidates through the medical test for a bribe of Rs 1.5 lakh. Munna Lakra was arrested on charges of appearing in place of his brother in the medical test.ITBP personnel had handed over Sunil Lakra and Munna Lal Lakra to Kanke police. \"They have been interrogated. We are looking for more such crooks,\" said Kanke police station officer in-charge Harinarayan Singh. Mukesh Mahto has also been interrogated. He has provided us important information that would be used to arrest more frauds. An FIR was lodged against them with Kanke police station.In a similar case, Kanchan Kumar and Karmanand Kumar, who had come to the city to participate in a constable recruitment programme were arrested after their certificates were found to be fake. In the certificates, one's name is mentioned as Sudhir Kumar and another's as Roshan Raj. The boys are from Nawada district of Bihar.Doranda police are planning to conduct raids in the city. \"We have also received information about the existence of such shops in Ranchi,\" said a police officer. Hatia ASP Indrajeet Mahatha said police would raid spots where any such activity is taking place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "15497823", "title": "Cash award to Palamu cop for catching killer", "text": "DALTONGANJ: The district police got a pat from their Raipur counterparts for arresting a criminal who was wanted for killing a businessman in Raipur a few months ago.Palamu SP A T Mathew said his Raipur counterpart gave a cash award of Rs 5,000 to Daltonganj town police station officer in-charge Rajesh Mandal for nabbing Uttam. \"He is the first OC from the district to get cash award from outside the state.\"Last week, the OC and his team recovered ornaments of gold, silver and cash all worth Rs 70 lakh and caught two criminals - one of Palamu and the other of Bihar who had committed dacoity in a jewellery shop in Rajasthan's Jaipur on July 18. The Jaipur police had come here and worked with the Daltonganj police for a week to unearth this dacoity.The OC had arrested the prime accused Ravindra of kidnapping of a block development officer too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15499958", "title": "Biomedical waste disposal: Hospitals defy norms", "text": "INDORE: Workers handling bio medical waste in Indore are at a great risk of contracting infection, thanks to the lackadaisical attitude of the city hospitals towards disposing the waste. Sources in the MPPCB said that despite reminders, some of the city hospitals have not been segregating the waste as per the set standards by the government under the bio-medical waste (management and handling) rules 1998. Mainly the segregation is based on two categories: municipal waste and biomedical waste.Asad Warsi, owner Hoswin incinerators (incinerator is the facility where the bio-medical waste is disposed) said, \"Not many hospitals in the city follow the government norms concerning the biomedical waste.\" According to the rules it is the responsibility of the waste generators to segregate on the basis of the 'colour coding.' \"Other than Bombay Hospital and Choithram Hospital, we have been facing problems from the other medical institutions and hospitals in segregating the waste properly,\" he said adding that he felt that this is a serious issue.\"When asked what is generally done with the non-segregated waste, Warsi said \"It is a risky business, we have to put those who work for us at risk to segregate the waste at our facility. The process of segregation requires proper training. Not many hospitals train their staff for the same.\"CMHO Dr Ashok Dagaria said, \"If the bio medical waste is not segregated properly, the risk of spreading the disease is very high and it can also cause air and soil pollution.\"R K Malviya, scientist and biomedical in-charge, MPPCB said, \"Over the years, we have sent notices to various hospitals around the city. Recently a notice was sent to a private hospital. It was only earlier this year that a court case regarding the violation of bio-medical waste with MY Hospital came to an end.\"There are nine categories in total, in which the biomedical waste are divided. The segregation of the biomedical waste should be done according to the colour coding. Afterwards, the biomedical waste should be segregated into three colour coded bags namely yellow, blue, red.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15500171", "title": "Taking forward Netaji's vision", "text": "MADURAI: The ideologies of our forefathers who gave us a free country in which were live in have been forgotten by the younger generations and also contemporaries of the freedom fighters, who fought fearlessly to free India 66 years ago. But people like V Swaminathan continue to forge ahead trying to instill patriotism among youngsters today.Swaminathan, who is 43 years old, founded the Netaji National Association over 20 years ago in tribute to Subhash Chandra Boses's contribution to the freedom struggle. Speaking to this newspaper, he said he had grown up with the feeling of patriotism because his father, Velusamy, a pilot in the Indian Air Force during the pre-Independence era, had told him of his close interactions with members of the Indian National Army (INA). \"I was drawn by the vision and ideology of Netaji at a very young age, and when I got a chance, I organized Netaji's anniversary celebrations in Madurai on January 23, 1991, with great leaders like Captain Lakshmi Seghal. We took out a procession from the railway station to Jhansi Rani Park, where the statue of Netaji was installed,\" he said.After completing his MA in psychology at the Madras Christian College in 1991, Swaminathan and a handful of likeminded students registered a paper named Desiyam which was later titled Desiya Valimai (National Strength). The paper was at first brought out as a handwritten newspaper, which they themselves circulated at the railway junction for Rs 2 each. The then station master, who was impressed by their actions, allowed the three of them to enter the platform without platform tickets and distribute their paper to passengers.Then, as members of the association, they got jobs and settled down in life, as a result of which their commitment towards the association also decreased. But Swaminathan continued to strive for the nation in his small way, spending his time motivating youngsters and spreading the feeling of nationhood among youngsters.Jaihind is what you will first hear if you call his mobile phone. Though initially irked by his decision to remain a bachelor to spread the vision and mission of Netaji, his parents too fell in line and named their house Jaihind Illam. How could I leave a house that was named thus?,\" he asked.Blood donation camps are something the association has been organizing for the last 10 years on every Independence Day. Even on Tuesday, Swaminathan was seen distributing pamphlets in Periyar bus stand. \"People don't show much interest in these things today. There are those who crumple the pamphlets right in front of our eyes. But today, I had a boy who walked up to me and said his name was Netaji. It made my day,\" he said.His avid reading makes him a knowledge bank on the freedom struggle of this region. Madurai has had its fair share in the freedom struggle, with large popular participation. Many of them are unsung heroes, who are lost in the course of history. \"But it should be recalled that Madurai was the only place that Netaji Subash Chandra Bose visited next to Chennai in Tamil Nadu. He definitely would not have done so if he felt the city did not have much to contribute to the freedom struggle,\" he said.Netaji's vision for post Independent India, in which he dreamed of India becoming a super power by 2020, is still valid and this is why his vision has to be communicated to youngsters today, Swaminathan adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "15500681", "title": "Citizenship remains a distant dream for Pak Hindus", "text": "JALANDHAR: While Hindu families from Pakistan have recently hinted at settling down in India, the ordeal of those who migrated about a decade or more back has still not ended. The much coveted Indian citizenship continues to elude them.\"We have yet to taste real freedom. As of now, our movement is restricted and if we need to move out of Jalandhar, we have to take permission from police,\" says Ashok Kumar who migrated from Sialkot along with his family and relatives in 1999. The trigger, he recalls, was the forced conversion of his brother's daughter to Islam. When the opportunity came to visit India for a relative's wedding in 1999, he and his sister decided to move for good. \"My two brothers were still there (in Pakistan). One died two years back and we could not attend his cremation,\" says Ashok, who works as a supervisor in a sports goods manufacturing unit here.The predicament of Kale Ram, who migrated in 2006 and now lives in Basti Bawa Khel, is worse. His elder daughter and son, who did their 10th and 9th respectively, have not been able to pursue their studies further. \"The officials demanded school leaving certificates and residence proof. We had none to give. The other condition was that my children start from class 1. But that was also not possible, so both discontinued their studies,\" he says. His daughter Kiran Shehzaadi, 22, stays home and does some stitching work to help her father, while son Ashn Kumar, 20, works as a daily wager.\"There (in Pakistan) we were told to sit on separate mats in school and were taunted daily. Here, we could not continue our studies,\" rues Kiran.Hans Raj, who also came from Sialkot in 1999 on the pretext of attending a marriage and now works as a bar binder, says he is worried more about future of his children. \"We can't even get a mobile phone connection in our name. If we get the citizenship, which we have been demanding for the last over eight years, our lives could be so much better,\" he says.All India Shiv Sena President Surinder Kumar Billa, who has been pursing the citizenship issue with Indian authorities here, alleges \"callous attitude towards these migrants\", who reached India with the hope that they would be embraced here. \"The political establishment as well as official machinery has been adopting an indifferent attitude towards them and indulging more in lip service,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15498606", "title": "Shaurya Chakra for 15 bravehearts", "text": "NEW DELHI: Nine Army officers and a havildar, three IAF pilots and two CRPF assistant commandants have been awarded the Shaurya Chakra for displaying exemplary bravery during various counter-terror, anti-Naxal and other operations, in the Independence Day honours' list this year.Among the 15 awardees of Shaurya Chakra, Major Chandra Shekhar Singh of the Army Aviation Corps is the only one to get it posthumously. Major Singh and his co-pilot Major Amit Mohindra were on a \"maintenance sortie\" in the forbidding Siachen-Saltoro Ridge region in their Cheetah helicopter when it crashed near the Bhim post, at an altitude of 6,000 metres, last May. Major Mohindra has also been awarded the Shaurya Chakra.The four who got the medal for anti-Naxal operations are Wing Commander Vatsal Kumar, whose helicopter came under heavy fire during logistical operations in Chhattisgarh last December, and two CRPF assistant commandants, Nagendra Singh and Vinoj P Joseph, part of the operation that \"neutralized'' top Naxal leader Koteshwar Rao 'Kishanji' near Jhargram in West Bengal last November.The other awardees are Lt-Colonel Dhruvjyoti Chanda (13 Sikh), Major T N Unnikrishnan (15 Dogra), Major Himanshu Panwar (26 Maratha Light), Major Vijayendra Singh Yadav (Guards), Major Saurabh Suyal (Armoured Corps), Major Pradeep Mishra (Jat), Lieutenant Satya Jeet Ahlawat (Ordnance Corps), Havildar Charanjit Singh (Artillery) and two IAF officers, Squadron Leader Ajit Vasane and Flight Lieutenant G R Kharche. Among the 62 gallantry medals, there is one for anti-piracy operations. Lt Sailesh K Tyagi from the elite naval marine commando wing has been awarded the Nao Sena Medal for valour during anti-piracy missions while deployed on board warship INS Sukanya in the Gulf of Aden.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15502259", "title": "Sharad Pawar: Rajasthan declares drought in 5 dists; Kar in 142 talukas", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rajasthan has declared drought in 5 districts while Karnataka has done so in 142 talukas, Parliament was informed on Tuesday.\"So far, Karnataka and Rajasthan have declared drought in 142 out of the 176 taluks and in 5 out of 33 districts in the states, respectively,\" agriculture minister Sharad Pawar said in a written reply to Lok Sabha.According to the report of India Meteorological Department (IMD), as on August 12, overall rainfall deficit for the country as a whole was 16 per cent, Sharad Pawar said.Excess rainfall has been reported from 1 sub-division, normal in 17, deficient in 13 and scanty rainfall has been reported in 3 sub-divisions out of the total 36 sub-divisions in the country, the minister said quoting IMD data.He said sowing of crops have been hit by weak monsoon. \"Against an average area of 105.70 million hectares under kharif cultivation in the entire country, 85.4 million hectares are normally sown by August 8. This year 80.2 million hectares have been covered under various crops by August 8, 2012,\" he said.The minister said the Centre has constituted central teams to visit the states and assess the situation.On steps taken by the government, Sharad Pawar said government has introduced diesel subsidy scheme, enhancement of seed subsidy, up-scaling the central sector scheme on feed and fodder and waiver of import duty on oil cakes.In addition, the government is providing interim assistance under calamity component of National Rural Drinking Programme (NRDWP), releasing funds under NRDWP and Integrated Watershed Management Programme, etc., he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15498418", "title": "Corporators to visit Ahmedabad to study BRTS", "text": "PUNE: Corporators and select officials of the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) plan to go to Ahmedabad next month on tour to study the bus rapid transit system (BRTS) and other urban development projects of that city. Pune corporators had undertaken a similar tour a few months ago.Jagdish Shetty, chairman of the civic standing committee, said the study tour has been organized by the divisional environmental study centre of All-India Self Government Bodies, Mumbai.A senior civic official said that corporators and officials will visit and study Ahmedabad's BRTS project, its slum rehabilitation, waterfront development (Sabarmati river development) and heritage walk on the three-day tour. The dates and mode of transport have not yet been finalised.So far, 33 women corporators from different political parties have opted for the tour.Meanwhile, the standing committee on Tuesday approved a resolution to give free PMPML travel passes to workers who have been presented the 'Gunwant Kamgar' (best employee) award of the state government. Their immediate family members will also be given free travel passes.The committee also passed a resolution to allot a three-year contract to a social organization for operating a pay-and-park facility at the open space below the Nigdi flyover.Sachin Tendulkar, Ajay Shirke to be felicitatedThe PCMC standing committee on Tuesday approved a resolution to felicitate cricketer Sachin Tendulkar for getting a hundred international centuries. The civic body will also felicitate Ajay Shirke, president, Maharashtra Cricket Association (MCA), who was instrumental in the construction of the international cricket stadium at Gahunje near Dehu Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15498975", "title": "Adult tiger found dead in Pilibhit", "text": "LUCKNOW: An adult tiger was found dead in Pilibhit on Sunday. The forest department is investigating the cause of death.The carcass of a male tiger, aged about six to seven years, was fished out from the canal outside forest area on Sunday.The carcass does not appear to be old or decayed. \"As of now, we cannot say if it's a natural death or a case of poisoning,\" said Rupak De, PCCF (Wildlife), UP. Pilibhit had earlier also lost two tigers, almost back to back, in May. The deaths happened due to poisoning. Investigations are on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15499023", "title": "I'm no friend of Dawood, delink my trial from blast case: Sanjay Dutt", "text": "NEW DELHI: Five years after he challenged his conviction under the Arms Act in a 1993 Mumbai blasts-related case, the Supreme Court on Tuesday took up hearing on the appeal by film actor Sanjay Dutt , who said he had panicked after riots in the city and procured arms and ammunition, but his action had no link with the bomb blasts.Watched from the visitors' gallery by sister and MP Priya Dutt , Sanjay's counsel, senior advocate Harish Salve, told the court that when the actor's action had nothing to do with either the conspiracy or offences related to the serial blasts, the TADA court should have separated his trial from those facing anti-terror law charges.Salve argued before a bench of Justices P Sathasivam and B S Chauhan that the trial in a TADA court robbed Sanjay of the common law benefits for an accused as the anti-terror law took confessional statements as eviden-ce without seeking corrob-orative material to prove the offence.\"This was a pure and simple act of panic which should have been tried under Arms Act,\" Salve said, clarifying that Sanjay had never claimed that he was never ever friendly with underworld don Dawood Ibrahim , the alleged mastermind of the serial blasts.When the bench asked if he was friends with Dawood, Salve said, \"Sanjay had said he had attended a dinner at Dawood's place but had never claimed friendship with him. Sanjay's friends in the film industry used to boast of their friendship with (gangster) Tiger Memon.\"The bench agreed with Salve and said their confessional statements showed they had links with the movie world. The counsel narrated how the underworld's shadow loomed large over Bollywood during that dark period, and said Sanjay was a victim of acting in panic.\"Applying provisions of TADA to evaluate the confessional statements by co-accused robbed him of the opportunity to point out the inherent contradictions in them. Had common law principle of weighing evidence been applied to Sanjay's case, he would have been absolved of all charges,\" Salve said.\"That is because no trace of the AK-56 rifle was fou-nd on him. What was found on him was a pistol procured in September 1992 which at best could have been a minor offence under the Arms Act,\" he said.Sanjay was convicted on July 31, 2007, for possessing a prohibited weapon in a case related to 1993 Mumbai blasts and was sentenced to six years' imprisonment. He has already undergone imprisonment for 16 months and was granted bail by the apex court on August 20, 2007.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15497799", "title": "It's not all in jeans, but attitude, feel women", "text": "RANCHI: Recent incidents of atrocities against women in the state and outside have spread fear among the fair sex in the city. Women have become so shaky that they are thinking twice before stepping out of home. Though Jharkhand is celebrating 2012 as the year of the girl child, women continue to be harassed and tortured in the state.Just recently, a newly married woman had acid thrown on her face as she had spurned the sexual advances of two youths in her village, Jamtara. The incident sent shockwaves. Soon after, appeared posters in the city threatening women with dire consequences if they were seen in public places in jeans and T-shirts. In fact, they gave a deadline of August 20 to carry out their threat. All this has made women wonder if they are safe in the state. And if jeans are really the issue or it's the attitude of men.Crime records show there were 596 cases of atrocities against and deaths of women in the state between January and June this year. Among these, there were 416 cases of rape, 158 dowry deaths and 22 witch-hunting cases. The police did not have records of other atrocities, including assault and abuse.Malini, a student of Gossner College, said, \"Nowadays, girls have to think twice before stepping out alone. Women are not safe on the street, in colleges or at the workplace. I was shocked to learn that two officers of a famous hotel recently tried to molest a woman staff.\"Corporate lawyer Pallavi Purkayastha's murder in a highrise in Mumbai has also been disturbing for urban women, especially of the single kind. Where's the security if the security guard of one's own apartment turns a killer? The chairperson of the State Women's Commission, Hemlata S Mohan, felt women are not just vulnerable in Jharkhand but all over the world. \"Women are a soft target everywhere. The good part is that women are becoming aware and raising their voices. We will demand more protection,\" she said.Psychiatrist Usha Nursaria said, \"People want everything instantly now. If they are denied, they turn revengeful. This is what happened in the case of the woman who spurned the advances of two village youths. They wanted to take revenge and destroy her life.\" She, however, felt women are also responsible for provoking situations sometimes. \"They wear clothes which are very provocative. We don't stay in the West and so girls are bound to face trouble if they do not wear decent clothes,\" she said.For young women, the threat of jeans has really been scary. Some of them like Supriya, who had become used to slipping into a pair and a top for college are now in two minds. \"I still can't figure out what's wrong with a pair of jeans. I thought the country was used to seeing women in jeans. But my parents are so worried that I have to think whether I should wear jeans. At the same time I would not like those behind the posters to think they have been successful in intimidating us.\"Another student Shalini said, \"The hooligans who put up the posters should be behind bars before they harm a woman. What they are doing is unconstitutional. This is a democratic country and women should be free to decide what they should wear.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15499040", "title": "Probe lecturer appointments in Bharathiar University, says HC", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has directed the state government to probe reports of violation in rules of lecturer appointments made in Bharathiar University. The court has sought a report and pass orders within four weeks.A division bench of Justices Elipe Dharma Rao and M Venugopal gave the interim direction on a contempt petition filed by the Bharathiar University SC/ST Teachers and Staff Welfare Association, naming the university registrar P Thirumavalavan as violator of court orders.The association argued that pursuant to an advertisement issued in January 2011 for appointment of teaching staff in the university, 22 lecturers were recruited without following the rule of reservation. When the association filed a petition, a single judge dismissed it. On an appeal against the single judge order, a bench had passed an order on November 8, 2011 directing the university to maintain status quo on the matter.However, in violation of the court's restraint order, the university had given service extension to all 22 lecturers up to March 31, 2017 under the UGC's XI Plan scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15503654", "title": "Police arrest notorious criminal in Chandigarh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Chandigarh p olice have arrested a notorious criminal, who was sought after in a case of attacking two cops and then setting their scooter on fire in Mauli Jagran (a suburb here), on late Tuesday night.The accused was identified as Bunty, in late twenties. He was arrested during a surprise raid that police conducted at Mauli Jagran locality on late Tuesday.\"It was a normal raid to ensure that no anti-social element is residing in the city. We had rounded-up around 70 people and Bunty is one of them. Out of these 34 are residents of other states. He is wanted in many cases of trespassing, intimidation, snatchings and attempt to murder, registered in different parts of Chandigarh and Punjab,\" said a police official here.He added, \"Few days back, he had attacked two police constables, who had reached a quarrel spot. After attacking the, he had poured petrol on their scooter and set it on fire.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15498378", "title": "58,000 Bangladeshis went missing in India in 3 years", "text": "NEW DELHI: Actual figures of illegal immigrants from Bangladesh are a political hot potato. But, official data revealed a disturbing trend, where over 58,000 Bangladeshi citizens came to India and became traceless in the past three years. Bangladeshis were also found to be the worst offenders among foreigners as far as overstaying in India was concerned. Data, shared by the government in Lok Sabha on Tuesday, showed that as many as 82,585 Bangladeshis did not voluntarily return to their country between January 2009, and December 2011.Though they all had visited India using their valid travel documents, they chose not to go back. Alarmed over their overstay, the government machineries did swing into action. But, only 23,653 out of total 82,585 Bangladeshi citizens could be traced and deported, leaving the whereabouts of 58,932 of them unknown.The figure assumes significance amid debate over status of illegal Bangladeshi immigrants in the backdrop of the recent violence in Assam, where 77 people were killed in ethnic clashes between Bodo tribals and Muslims. In a written response to a Parliament question, the home ministry disclosed that 21,274 Bangladeshi nationals did not return to their country last year as compared to 28,667 in 2010 and 32,644 in 2009. Deportation figures revealed that 6,761 were sent back in 2011 as against 6,290 in 2010 and 10,602 in 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15498857", "title": "Two more tiger reserves for Tamil Nadu?", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil Nadu may shortly have two more new tiger reserves, bringing the total count in the state to five. On Tuesday, Environment and Forest minister Jayanthi Natarajan announced an in-principle approval for notifying Sathyamangalam forests in Erode as tiger reserve. The announcement which was made in Rajya Sabha also invited TN to send a proposal for converting the Srivilliputhur Grizzled Squirrel Sanctuary (SGSS) as a tiger reserve.\"Once Sathyamangalam is notified as a forest reserve, we will soon begin implementing specific programs under Project Tiger,\" said an official. While locals in Sathyamangalam have opposed the fallout of the proposed notification, officials have taken the safe route. \"The existing sanctuary area will be divided into core and buffer zones,\" said the official.\"We have excluded forest settlements, revenue villages and private lands. Of the 1,400 sq km of sanctuary land, 790 sq km form the core area while the rest will be declared as buffer zone. The core area will ensure forest contiguity with Ranganthettu sanctuary and Bandipur tiger reserve in Karnataka on one side and Mudumalai on the other,\" he added.The proposal for the new tiger reserve includes SGSS (Virudhunagar) as well as Meghamalai wildlife sanctuary (Theni). \"We discussed with NGOs and gram panchayats last April and sent a preliminary proposal. By joining an elephant reserve in Tirunelveli forest division, we propose to make a contiguous wildlife corridor up to Kalakkad Mundathurai Tiger Reserve,\" said an official.SGSS already shares a border with Periyar tiger reserve in Kerala. This will now form a contiguous corridor for tigers between TN and Kerala. There have been tiger sightings there. \"In Srivilliputhur, we sighted a female tiger and her cub. In Meghamalai, we found pug marks of tigers,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15498854", "title": "Denied bail, Jeppiaar cites ill health in plea", "text": "CHENNAI: Education baron Jeppiaar, arrested in connection with the stadium wall collapse at Jeppiaar Institute of Technology that left 10 workers dead, has sought bail saying he was a chronic diabetic and that he was not getting proper medical treatment in jail.On August 6, nine workers were killed when the wall of a stadium under construction collapsed at Kunnam near Sunguvar Chathram. One of the injured workers died the next day. The police arrested the Jeppiaar Remibai Educational Trust MD Marie Wilson, two contractors and a supervisor two days after the incident.Jeppiaar was arrested on August 9, and his bail petition was rejected by the Kancheepuram district and sessions judge on August 11. His wife Remibai has sought anticipatory bail, apprehending arrest in the matter. When both the petitions came up for hearing on Tuesday, Justice G M Akbar Ali adjourned the matter by a week, to enable the government advocate to get instructions from the police.In his petition, Jeppiaar said the construction works had been given to independent contractors and that he had no role in the award of the contract. Noting that in his capacity as managing director of the trust, Marie Wilson alone was responsible for the day-to-day affairs and administration of the institution, Jeppiaar said the incident was unforeseen and unintended.Noting that he was first arrested from a hospital and was allowed to stay there, Jeppiaar said he was later taken and housed in the Vellore central prison against medical advice. He said he was suffering in the prison without proper medical treatment, and added that he was a reputed educationist who would not tamper with evidence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15498422", "title": "Pole falls on man, no one owns up", "text": "NEW DELHI: It wasn't a bolt of lightning but a high-mast streetlight pole \u2014 public infrastructure planned and installed by the state \u2014 that fell on 31-year-old Amit Jain during Saturday afternoon's squall. Jain, who was riding his bike on the Geeta Colony clover-leaf flyover, passed out with the shock. The falling 90-foot pole battered his head, chest, shoulders and left hand.Four days later, Jain lies critical and forgotten. His small family \u2014 wife Rekha and two-year-old son Aditya \u2014 faces a dark future, but the authorities have not considered comforting them in any way. There's no offer of material assistance. Instead, when TOI took up Jain's case with the road-owning agency, Public Works Department (PWD), the maintenance agency BSES, and the police, it started off a desperate game of pass-the-buck.Police say they have registered a case under section 607 of IPC (causing hurt by act endangering life or personal safety of others) at the Shakarpur police station and are trying to pin responsibility. PWD insists it is BSES' fault as the discom is in charge of maintaining the lights. But BSES protests it did its duty by complaining to police repeatedly about the theft of base nuts that anchor the poles to the ground.\"PWD has given the charge of maintenance to BSES, and it is their sole responsibility to ensure that the lights are properly maintained in every respect,\" said PWD director (works) Deepak Panwar.A representative of BSES Yamuna Power Limited (BYPL), however, claimed: \"With the strong gusts of wind, a couple of high masts have collapsed. But BYPL only supplies electricity and maintains the electrical fixtures and fittings of these high-mast lights on behalf of the concerned land owning agencies\".Worryingly, BSES claimed there are several other poorly anchored lights. \"Recently, in some pockets of southeast Delhi \u2014 like Noida Morh, the area near Akshardham, ITO Chungi and Yamuna Pushta \u2014 we have found that miscreants have stolen not only the electrical fittings but also the foundation nuts and bolts of high-mast lights,\" said the BYPL representative.\"It is still a matter of investigation to determine who is responsible for the accident. I am not personally aware of a complaint of theft in this regard. However, in the case of a public utility, theft of bolts should not be an excuse for not maintaining the security of a mast light,\" said DCP (east) Prabhakar.Two such light poles fell on the loop from Shakarpur towards ITO during Saturday's squall. Occupants of vehicles following Jain's bike had a narrow escape.Jain's young wife Rekha had to rush to LNJP hospital, where he was admitted on Saturday. She then shifted him to St Stephen's Hospital after she found that he had not been attended to properly even two hours after the accident.\"My husband was in ICU for three days and has only now been shifted to a ward. He is soon expected to undergo surgeries. He was initially taken to LNJP, but after we found that he had not been treated even two hours after the incident, we brought him to the private hospital. I don't know how we will pay all the bills,\" Rekha told TOI.Jain, an executive with a telecommunications service provider, is the sole breadwinner of the family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15503071", "title": "Pakistan's nukes might fall into hands of terrorists: Panetta", "text": "WASHINGTON: US defence secretary Leon Panetta fears that there is a danger of Pakistan's nuclear weapons falling into the hands of terrorists if terrorism is not controlled in the country.\"The great danger we've always feared is that if terrorism is not controlled in their country, than those nuclear weapons could fall into the wrong hands,\" Panetta told reporters at a Pentagon news conference here on Tuesday.Panetta was responding to questions on a recent congressional report which said Pakistan is increasing its nuclear capabilities, which are mainly targeted towards India.\"When I talk to the Pakistanis, I've always stressed the fact that we should have common cause with regards to confronting terrorism; that terrorists not only represent a threat to our country, terrorism represents a real threat to their country as well,\" he said.\"A lot of Pakistanis have died as a result of terrorism. A lot of members of their military have died as a result of terrorism. And it's important for them to recognize that threat and to act against that threat. And in particular, it's important because they are a nuclear power,\" Panetta said.In a recent report, the Congressional Research Service had said that Pakistan is increasing its production of nuclear weapons and improving the delivery mechanism of nuclear weapons, which is mainly targeted towards India.The multiple attacks on Pakistani military facilities in recent years by terrorists heightened the fears in the West that nuclear weapons can fall into the hands of of terrorists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15498382", "title": "More benefits in lieu of land given for BRTS projects", "text": "PUNE: People who will lose land to the two Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) projects in Pimpri-Chinchwad will get benefits in addition to the compensation given for land acquisition. The benefits include transportation, vulnerability and subsistence allowances.For a total of 498 project affected persons (PAP), the collective allowances will cost Rs 22.55 lakh to the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC).The municipal corporation, with funding from World Bank loans, has started work on two BRT routes - Kalewadi Phata to Dehu Alandi Road, and Wakad to Nashik Phata Road. The total cost of the project is around Rs 425 crore. The civic body made an agreement with the World Bank and the state government in February 2010 for developing the two routes as sustainable urban transport project (SUTP). It is mandatory under this agreement to have environmental management plan and resettlement action plan. The PCMC has hired an agency to conduct social and economic surveys for the two roads.PCMC assistant commissioner Dilip Gawde said, \"The project affected persons of the BRT projects will get compensation as per the civic body's policy. The PCMC is giving the additional allowances to them.\"Kalewadi Phata to Dehu-Alandi BRT route is 10.2 km long, while the Nashik Phata-Wakad route is 7.9 km long.The benefits** Each residential property owner to get a residential transport allowance of Rs 1,000. There are 214 such beneficiaries** 68 owners of commercial properties to get a commercial allowance of Rs 1,000 each** Subsistence allowance per beneficiary of Rs 4,000 for rental business. There are 72 such beneficiaries** Subsistence allowance for 68 commercial property owners is Rs 19,200 each** Vulnerability allowance for economically weaker families of Rs 5,000 per beneficiary. Total 76 beneficiaries", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15500217", "title": "Wasting the rain water", "text": "LUDHIANA: An ineffective storm sewerage system coupled with no attempt to harvest rainwater has led to flooded roads and overflowing drains even after scanty rainfall in the city. Fearing water-logged streets, the residents hesitate in praying for a heavy downpour during the sultry August.Of the four zonal offices of Ludhiana municipal corporation (MC), only zone D and zone A offices in Sarabha Nagar and Mata Rani Chowk, respectively, have a functional rain water harvesting system. The law asks for a provision of rain water harvesting on any house constructed over 250 square yards of land. However, the building branch, which is responsible to check the implementation of this particular law, has hardly bothered to do so. The other two zone offices of the MC do not have any provision to harvest rain water. \"In the absence of sufficient rain water harvesting measures, a lot of water gets wasted, instead of being used to replenish the groundwater, and causes waterlogging everywhere,\" said Urban Estate resident and District Bar Association secretary advocate Gurvinder Singh Sodhi.A homoeopath from Bhagat Singh Nagar, B S Kumar, said the road sides are being covered with tiles, leaving no green cover to allow rain water to seep in. \"Also, the city lacks efficient drainage that takes the entire water out of the city. The government has totally ignored such a useful practice as rainwater harvesting,\" he added. About implementation of the provision for rain water harvesting in houses and commercial buildings and the challans issued against violators, senior town planner of MC Hemant Batra told TOI, \"It is mandatory to have rainwater harvesting system in houses measuring 250 square yards and above, but it would be difficult to tell how many challans have been issued in this regard.\" Batra added, \"I accept the enforcement in domestic settlements has not been effective, but we have been able to implement it at commercial settlements.\"MC commissioner R K Verma said he will seek a detailed report on this issue from departments and see that the law is implemented stringently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15498988", "title": "First 5 months of Samajwadi Party rule witness 5 communal riots", "text": "LUCKNOW: Even as tension prevailed in riot-hit Bareilly, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav stressed that the district magistrates and senior superintendents of police will be held accountable for failure to curb communal clashes. The CM had made a similar statement shortly after he came to power in March 2012. But, it does not appear to have made any impact at the ground level, as the state witnessed five communal clashes in first five months of the SP government.Take the example of Bareilly. Earlier, curfew was imposed in the city on July 22 following clashes between two groups which claimed four lives. The DM and SSP were removed on July 30. The curfew was lifted on August 7. However, riots broke again on August 11, when route of Janmashtami processions were changed in Baradari and Kalbari area leading to brick batting and firing by an angry mob, which left 18 persons injured. More than 200 persons have been arrested so far.Like Bareilly, four people were killed at Kosi Kalan, Mathura, on June 1 after violence broke out between two communities outside a place of worship over the sharing of a water tanker. On June 4, the DM and SSP of the district were replaced, but situation continues to be tense in Kosi Kalan.Pratapgarh has also seen two communal clashes since June. The first clash took place at Ashtan village on June 23 after kidnap, rape and murder of a minor dalit girl. In retaliation, over 40 houses were set afire by the victim's kin and their supporters. On June 26, the DM and SSP were suspended by the government. However, on August 7, violence broke out again in the district, this time at Sanahi village, following a petty dispute between members of two communities over fare charged by a tempo driver. A person was killed in the clash.Though on every occasion, chief minister took action against officials, he did not visit any of the riot-hit places. In his place, two senior ministers Azam Khan and Shivpal Yadav visited Mathura and Bareilly respectively. Despite Akhilesh's tough talk, what is putting the ruling Samajwadi Party (SP) government in poor light is that communal clashes were negligible during Mayawati regime in UP, which has had a history of communal flare-ups.Further, the moral of the police force is said to be down because of Akhilesh Yadav government's decision to withdraw cases lodged against criminals and rioters. Sample this: The government has started process to withdraw cases against 40 accused who were booked for attacking police in Moradabad on July 6, 2011 following an alleged incident of disrespect to holy Quran. The then Moradabad SSP was also injured in the attack. \"In such a scenario, no officer will put his/her life to risk and act against perpetrators,\" said an officer.The opposition parties describe transfers of DM and SSP as cosmetic exercise which has failed to act as a deterrent for the real culprits. After Mathura and Bareilly riots, the Bharatiya Janta Party (BJP) accused the SP government of favouring Muslims as a part of its appeasement policy. And, after Pratapgarh violence, the Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) described Akhilesh Yadav government as anti-dalit.A few senior SP leaders described the government actions so far as \"too little too late\" and \"insufficient\". On one hand, it will help BJP execute its communal agenda and on the other it will infuse a sense of insecurity among Muslims, thereby spoiling SP's prospects in 2014 Lok Sabha elections, they feared. They pointed out that Shahi Imam of Delhi Jama Masjid Maulana Ahmed Bukhari openly criticised chief minister and his father Mulayam Singh Yadav for not visiting riot hit areas.Retired top cops feel that had the chief minister visited Bareilly after the first clash to meet victims and initiated penal action against lax officials, it would have made a huge impact. \"More than penal action against the district officials, it is about judiciously identifying the actual perpetrators and pinning them down under provisions of National Security Act (NSA),\" said former UP Police chief KL Gupta.Political observers feel the young chief minister is apparently hesitating from stepping into any awkward situation. \"If he has the time to fly down the home districts of party workers and leaders to attend marriages and offer condolences, if he can spare hours to interact with business groups in Delhi then what holds him back from visiting the riot hit areas,\" questions Atthar Farooqi, a resident of Baradari area in Bareilly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15500481", "title": "M S University to shell out Rs 30L for four 'samras' FGS", "text": "VADODARA: M S University (MSU) will have to shell out Rs 30 lakh from its coffers as four faculties have got their faculty general secretary (FGS) elected uncontested.It is for the first time in the history of MSU that student elections are being held with an incentive-based scheme for the faculty level and MSUSU level posts.On the lines of Gujarat Government's samras scheme for gram panchayats that opt for uncontested elections, MSU had announced that it will provide incentives ranging from Rs one lakh to Rs 50 lakh for development of faculties and union to student bodies if they opt for uncontested elections.On Tuesday, which was the last day of submitting nominations, four candidates got elected uncontested as FGS at Faculty of Technology and Engineering (FTE), Faculty of Social Work (FSW), Faculty of Family and Community Sciences (FFCS) and Faculty of Fine Arts (FFA).At FTE, Harsh Puvar was declared as won uncontested while Adnan Turakh got elected uncontested at FSW. At FFCS, Khusbu Shah and at FFA, Unnati Kahar were declared won uncontested.Based on their student strength, FTE and FSW will receive Rs 10 lakh each while FFCS and FFA will receive Rs five lakh each.Interestingly, ABVP claimed that all these candidates were supported by it. Also, the student outfit claimed that it got four FRs elected uncontested.\"Yatik Patel from Faculty of Medicine, Chetna Mishra from Baroda Sanskrit Mahavidyalaya, Shweta Pagedar from FSW and Datar Sayali from Faculty of Education and Psychology have won as uncontested FRs with our support,\" ABVP's Harpal Rana claimed.Attempts to get the FGS post declared won uncontested at Faculty of Science however failed after a candidate supported by the student outfit - All India Democratic Students Organisation (AIDSO) submitted his candidature for the post.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "kultali", "code": "15499346", "title": "Woman battered over dowry demand", "text": "Kultali: Cigarette burns, blade wounds, partially tonsured head... Anima Mondal had suffered a lot before she collapsed on the road at Madhusudanpur. Her 14-month long ordeal did not end though. She lay unconscious in the road for hours with nobody coming to rescue. Her fault: she's \"dark and ugly\", and that the dowry - five bhoris of gold and Rs 60,000 in cash - she brought with her during her marriage was not enough to satisfy her husband and in-laws.Anima was finally rescued by her father Kisori Midde, who came running in from nearby Mohipit village and took his daughter to his home. She was later taken to a doctor for treatment and a police complaint was also lodged on Sunday.Around 16 months back, the victim got married with Sunil Mondal, who remains unemployed for most of the year barring the harvest seasons, on April 25 last year. Fulfilling Sunil's demand, Kisori arranged for five bhoris of gold and Rs 60,000 as dowry. The couple had a good start with a harmonious first two months. But Sunil and his father Kalipada's hunger for dowry grew with time. Soon they started torturing Anima and kept demanding more money.Kisori, who had to support a family comprising his wife and Anima's three brothers and a sister, managed to meet the increased demand partially. This angered Sunil and Kalipada further. While Anima's father-in-law kept prodding his son to keep the torture going, Sunil executed his father's plans to perfection. Kalipada would also spread the word in the village that it would not be possible for Sunil to remain married to Anima \"as she was dark and ugly.\"Since the complaint was lodged, Sunil and Kalipada are absconding. Kisori and Anima have also left their Mohipit village, fearing an attack. They are now staying at a relative's place. Kisori said he was \"satisfied\" with police efforts so far.Admitting torture on Anima, additional SP (South 24 Parganas) Kankar Prasad Barui said, \"We have started an investigation and raids are on to nab the accused father-son duo. We will arrest them soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15497976", "title": "Cops breathe easy as dust settles on Ramdev protest", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Police let out a sigh of relief after Baba Ramdev ended his protest and returned to Haridwar on Tuesday. The yoga guru's fasting point \u2014 Ambedkar Stadium \u2014 was located just two kilometers away from the spot from where the Prime Minister will unfurl the tricolour and address the nation on Wednesday. Ramdev's stay could have piled on extra pressure on security agencies, said sources.Baba Ramdev had been fasting in the city \u2014 against corruption, black money and for 'vyavastha parivartan' (systemic change) \u2014 since August 9 and had ignored the request of the Delhi Police earlier and spent the night at the capital's Ambedkar Stadium. Ramdev's decision came after the Union Home Secretary R K Singh took a tough stance and said that the yoga guru would have to vacate the stadium. \"Baba Ramdev will have to leave Ambedkar Stadium on Tuesday. There is no question of him staying on,\" Singh said.Earlier, Union Home Minister Sushil Kumar Shinde met Singh, along with Intelligence Bureau director and senior officials of his ministry to chalk out the future course of action. Delhi Police, which submitted its report on Baba Ramdev's agitation to the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA), had expressed security concern ahead of Independence Day.Meanwhile, the arrangements for this year's I-Day include using more \"spotters'' who will be on the lookout for known terror faces. All eyes will be on elements from the north-east who might ferment trouble along with the known terror organizations like the LeT and IM. With security agencies claiming IM's 2008 cadre Dr Shahnawaz is back in action with the recent serial blasts in Pune, the security agencies are taking no chances.This year's security set up has left a section of city's hotel staffers unhappy. \"We have been asked to collect ID proofs from all members coming to a party. Rarely do teenagers and children checking-in the hotels have I-cards that are universally accepted,'' said a hotelier, adding that even PAN cards will not be accepted since they do not have address proof. Cops, however, deny asking hotel authorities to collect ID proof of the children.Over 50,000 personnel of Delhi Police and paramilitary were deployed in and around the city, especially near the Red Fort. Around 50 CCTVs will be installed in the area to ensure peaceful celebrations. Sharpshooters of NSG will be deployed on the high-rises. Specialized units like Quick Reaction Teams, SWAT and Vajra are being deployed. Intense vigil will be maintained on Parliament, international airport, railway stations, bus terminals and Metro stations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15500559", "title": "Official iftars in Gujarat an all-veg affair", "text": "AHMEDABAD: This happens only in Gujarat! Emperor Akbar turned a vegetarian here. Pizza Hut opened its first vegetarian outlet in Ahmedabad. And, now the US consul general hosted an iftar sans non-veg food.The blend between Jainism and Islam is not just limited to architecture in Gujarat , it manifests itself in the way of life here. When US consul general Peter D Haas hosted an iftar on Monday \u2014 the first ever outside Mumbai \u2014 to promote interfaith interactions , the menu provided some food for thought. The guests broke their fast with the traditional sherbet-e-iftar and dates, but the main course was not mutton kababs and chicken curry, it was potato and paneer sabzi.Despite being in Sadbhavana mode, the Narendra Modi government doesn't host iftars , but many former chief ministers like Madhavsinh Solanki, Amarsinh Chaudhary and Chimanbhai Patel \u2014 all non-BJP CMs \u2014 regularly played host during Ramzan. Each one of them kept in mind local sensitivities and stuck to a vegetarian course.When BJP came to power in 1995, the then CM Keshubhai Patel was in two minds about hosting iftar lest he invite the ire of Sangh Parivar hardliners. But, former prime minister A B Vajpayee asserted that Keshubhai host iftar. He played host twice \u2014 but avoided non-vegetarian food. The Raj Bhavan, which has a tradition of hosting iftars , too sticks to a 100% veg menu. Observers say it is the strong Jain-Vaishnav ethos in the state which everyone \u2014 be it politicians or businessmen \u2014 respects, even while reaching out to other communities . Some years ago when Pizza Hut did a market survey in Ahmedabad before opening its first outlet in Gujarat , it was surprised by the overwhelming response for a vegetarian outlet. An Ahmedabad-based hotel and restaurant chain opened a 5-star pure vegetarian hotel in Surat . Akbar, who had great respect for Jainism, had banned slaughtering animals during Paryushan, the Jain festival. He even rolled back the Jazia tax from Jain pilgrim places like Palitana. Akbar had received a delegation led by a Jain monk who walked to Fatehpur Sikri and persuaded the emperor to forbid the slaughter of animals for six months in Gujarat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15498674", "title": "Show-cause to JE who hid transformer info", "text": "GURGAON: A junior engineer of the Dakshin Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam (DHBVN) has been issued a show-cause notice for not reporting about the damaged transformer in Pataudi village recently.The 63kVA transformer had tripped during rain a fortnight ago and that resulted in long power cuts in the area. A senior DHBVN official said that the junior engineer, Ajay Kumar , had come to know about the fault but did not report it to his seniors, which in turn delayed the replacement of the transformer. The discom will decide on his fate after getting his response to the notice.Last week, the erring JE had told his seniors after power-starved villagers barged into the DHBVN office and threatened him. During the course of inquiry over the damaged transformer, it was learnt that the JE had deliberately hidden the fact. The transformer has been replaced but the JE has been asked to explain the delay in informing senior officials because the resulting delay in replacing the transformer would have impacted the cables and other gadgets, said an official.In the past three months, the discom has replaced more than 150 transformers in Gurgaon region and most of them are located in urban areas. The large number of damaged transformers is an indicator of the abysmal power infrastructure in Gurgaon which has over 40,000 power connections. But the discom officials blame the consumers for the damage to transformers in the city. \"The maximum number of transformers damaged is due to power overload by consumers, secondly sometime rain trigger faults,\" said a DHBVN official.He, however, maintained that the maximum number of damaged transformers were being replaced in the shortest possible time. The transformers come from Hisar and it usually takes week to 10 days for them to reach Gurgaon. To bring discipline among consumers and overhaul the power infrastructure, the discom has now launched a voluntary disclosure scheme about the load sanctioned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15498302", "title": "Kin of road mishap victim given Rs 18L compensation", "text": "NEW DELHI: Family members of a woman, who had died last year in a road accident involving a motorcycle, have been awarded over Rs 18 lakh compensation by a Motor Accident Claims Tribunal (MACT) in the capital.The MACT presiding officer Arun Bhardwaj ordered Oriental Insurance Company Limited, with which the offending motorcycle was insured, to pay damages to the kin of the deceased, Rekha.34-year-old Rekha, who was working as a domestic help, was hit from behind by a speeding motorcycle on September 9 last year here when she was returning home from work.\"Resultantly, total compensation payable to petitioners (husband and children of Rekha) would be Rs 18,23,520 which shall be payable with interest at 9% per annum...,\" the MACT said.The tribunal gave the compensation, relying upon the statement of Rekha's husband Ganesh Chaurasia, who was also an eyewitness of the incident. Chaurasia told the tribunal that on September 9 last year, his wife was returning home from work and when she came out from a residential complex premises where she worked, she was hit by a motorcycle from behind.She was rushed to a nearby hospital but was declared \"brought dead\" by the doctors, Chaurasia said.The tribunal, in its order, observed the testimony of the eyewitness leaves no doubt that the accident was caused due to negligent driving by the driver of the motorcycle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15498841", "title": "Congress loses leader with a grasp of the grassroots", "text": "MUMBAI: The death of Union minister of science and technology, Vilasrao Deshmukh , will be acutely felt by the party he helped build in the state and led several times to electoral victory.A former state chief minister with the second-longest term after V P Naik, Deshmukh was among the few senior Congress leaders believed to 'know the pulse of the people'. His grasp of the grassroots helped him sail through setbacks and controversies, and earned him the reputation of a skilled survivor.Beginning his career in 1974 as a sarpanch at his native Babhalgaon in Latur, the man who learnt his politics from another Congress stalwart, Shankarrao Chavan, was part of the state cabinet by 1982. In 1999, he formed his own cabinet for the first time, with former Congressman Sharad Pawar's newly formed NCP as the junior partner. Though he had no role in allotment of tickets, Deshmukh's view that the Congress should not enter into a pre-poll alliance with the NCP found favour with the party. When a coalition was discussed after the election, Deshmukh suggested that the Congress-NCP should adopt the Sena-BJP portfolio formula. Accordingly, portfolios held by Shiv Sena were with the Congress, while those allotted to the BJP were given to the NCP.However, a year before the 2004 assembly polls, Deshmukh was unexpectedly given marching orders and replaced by dalit leader Sushilkumar Shinde . Surprisingly, despite leading the Congress-NCP alliance to victory in the polls, Shinde was shunted out and replaced by Deshmukh as chief minister. But Deshmukh couldn't complete his second term either. The clamour for his removal after the 26/11 attacks grew too loud for the party to ignore and Deshmukh was again asked to quit.But Deshmukh was the master of comebacks. After a shock defeat in the 1995 assembly polls, when he lost from his hometown Latur, detractors had written him off, saying he would have to return to zilla parishad politics. But Deshmukh used the defeat to build the party's base across Marathwada and not only won the next elections but was made chief minister. In fact, it was believed that after Pawar quit the Congress to set up the NCP, Deshmukh took the lead in building up the organization at the grassroots, a skill for which he was listed with the likes of Vasantdada Patil.After Deshmukh's unceremonious exit in 2008, his detractors again believed that it was end of the road for the politician, but he again proved them wrong following his nomination to the Rajya Sabha in 2009 and induction into the Union cabinet.Deshmukh also successfully gained the confidence of the Gandhi family and played the party's troubleshooter on crucial occasions. In 2011, he helped the Centre successfully mediate an end to Anna Hazare's agitation for a Lokpal bill in New Delhi. Deshmukh was one of the few Congress leaders known to directly take on Pawar, particularly in zilla parishad and civic elections and during crucial meetings of the Congress-NCP coordination committee. \"Deshmukh never succumbed to the NCP. In the last civic polls, we feel that we surrendered to the NCP, consequently we won fewer seats compared to 2007,'' a senior Congress minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "athens", "code": "15502075", "title": "Grover draws with Zherebukh; out of medal contention", "text": "ATHENS: Grandmaster-elect Sahaj Grover fought hard but had to settle for a draw with Yaroslav Zherebukh of Ukraine to bow out of medal contention in the World Junior Chess Championship after the 12th and penultimate round that concluded.A bronze medallist last time, 16-year-old Sahaj gave a good shot in the opening but fell wayward as the game progressed and in the end was lucky to escape with a half point that signalled the end of his medal aspirations.It was Dutch defence and Grover sprang a surprise early to catch Zherebukh off-guard and the Ukrainian spent nearly 35 minutes on his six moves which guaranteed an opening success to the Indian.However, as the game progressed Grover missed the thread of the position and he lost material for no compensation. Zherebukh, however, ran too short of time to make use of his advantage and slipped towards the end of first time control and the game was soon drawn.At the top of the table, Richard Rapport of Hungary and Alexander Ipatov of Turkey remained in joint lead on 9.5 points following draws in contrasting fashion.Rapport struggled in the initial stages but struck back in the end to equalise and finally sign peace with Samvel Ter-Sahakyan of Armenia while Ipatov looked slightly better before he too signed peace with Chinese talent Wei Yi.With two leaders on 9.5 points, Ding Liren of China and Ter-Sahakyan remain within striking distance of the title a half point behind.Chinese duo of Yu Yangyi and Wei Yi and Nils Grandelius of Sweden are also in with a chance for a podium finish on 8.5 points provided they get a positive result in the final round. Grover remains the best performing Indian with eight points.In the girls' championship being organised simultaneously, Guo Qi of China emerged as the sole leader after a day of upsets. The Chinese girl accounted for Jovana Vojinovic of Montenegro to go a half point clear of nearest contenders. This was possible after defending champion Deysi Cori of Peru suffered a shock defeat at the hands of Aulia Medina Warda of Indonesia.Among Indians in the open section, Debashish Das succumbed to his third straight loss after making his maiden Grandmaster norm. Das went down to Salem A R Saleh of UAE.Zhou Yang-Fan of Australia held P Shyam Nikil to a draw while Diptayan Ghosh drew with GM Tal Baron of Israel. M Shyam Sundar was lone winner among Indian boys at the expense of local hopeful Aggelis Nikolaos but Vladislav Kovalev of Belarus defeated Aravindh Chithambaram.Anwesh Upadhyaya also ended on the losing side against Benjamin Arvola of Norway while Nishant Malhotra did well to hold Panagiotis Koutoukidis of Greece to a draw.It turned out to be a decent outing for Indian girls as Bhakti Kulkarni played out a draw with Andrea Paula Rodriguez Rueda of Columbia while Ivana Maria Furtado and Pon N Krithika won against Ana Ivekovic of Croatia and beat Elise Forsa of Norway respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15503928", "title": "Ollywood bigwigs at BJD minority cell iftar party", "text": "Political and Ollywood bigwigs made an appearance at an iftar party hosted by the BJD minority cell in Bhubaneswar on Sunday.Apart from chief minister Naveen Patnaik, we also spotted veteran actor Bijay Mohanty, Debu Bose, Akash Das Nayak and Debasish at the do. The CM, who stayed at the party for more than half an hour, congratulated all on the occasion and had kebabs too.Said Akash Das Nayak, \"It was nice to have the chief minister amidst us. We really enjoyed ourselves. The biryani and kebab were really tasty.\" TV anchor Sulagna and television artist Madhusmita were also spotted at the party. \"The CM wished everyone on this occasion. Apart from ministers and MLAs from the BJD party, even senior film artistes like Bijay Mohanty, Debu Bose, Kuna Tripathy and director Basant Sahu were also present,\" said state secretary of the Biju Janata Dal (BJD) minority cell, Munna Khan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15498312", "title": "Swine flu claims first victim this season", "text": "PUNE: A 57-year-old man succumbed to the H1N1 influenza on Sunday. \"The man, identified as Momin, was resident of Gultekdi Marketyard and was admitted to the Sahyadri Munot hospital on August 4 in a critical condition,\" said Pune Municipal Corporation health officials.\"He had symptoms of severe cough, cold and fever and was immediately put on a ventilator. His throat swab, sent on August 4, was positive for swine flu \". \"Although he was receiving treatment, he succumbed at 6.30 pm due to renal failure and other ailments,\" said the officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15497874", "title": "Gauhati University faces criticism for 'language chauvinism'", "text": "GUWAHATI: Students pursuing research in classical languages like Arabic, Bengali, Hindi, Persian and Sanskrit from Gauhati University have to submit their theses in English. This is the only university in the country where theses on languages have to be submitted in English.However, the university allows theses on the Assamese language to be submitted in Assamese. This difference in rules under the aegis of the university led to criticism from many quarters, especially from astute scholars and academicians of the university.This \"language chauvinism\" makes it difficult for the researchers with no background in English to submit their theses on classical languages. They are forced to redo their entire work in English and they have to hire a translator for that, burning a hole in their pockets. It also renders their hard work inferior as their original work in their respective languages is usually better.\"In the fifties and sixties, even Assamese theses were submitted in English. Later, the rule was changed only Assamese language. It can be said that this is the only university in the country where theses in one particular language have to be submitted in English,\" said a scholar. \"This rule doesn't make ant sense and is detrimental for reseachers. After completion of their work, they have to find a translator to do their work and they cannot even be sure whether it will live up to their original work. It is sheer language chauvinism; if theses can be submitted in one particular language, they have to allow it in other languages too,\" added the scholar.Even litterateur Mamoni Raisom Goswami was against the practice of submitting theses of classical languages in English. \"We had submitted a memorandum in 2007 and 2008 and an academic council meeting was held, in which it was decided that a national seminar will be held, but till now no such initiative has been taken,\" said the head of a department.However, Okhil Kumar Medhi, vice chancellor of Gauhati University said, \"These rules have been in place for about twenty years. Theses are submitted in English so that everyone can read it and take cues from the theses. If we allow the theses to be submitted in the respective languages then we will also not be able to send it outside.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15498749", "title": "Yamuna Expressway farmers observe Martyrs\u2019 Day", "text": "NOIDA: Farmers of villages along the Yamuna Expressway gathered at Zikarpur village on Tuesday to observe Martyrs' Day on the second anniversary of the clash with security personnel in Tappal, Aligarh in 2010 which had left more than four dead. Farmers also demanded opening of a new interchange for the expressway near Bajna in Mathura district and extension of the service road along the speedway till Agra. \"The nearest interchange is more than 15km away and villagers have to travel for long to access the highway,\" said a farmer leader, Ram Babu Katelia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15498041", "title": "Pillow, terrace and liquor bottle have male DNA link", "text": "NEW DELHI: On the last day of his examination in the Aarushi-Hemraj murders case, CFSL expert and CBI witness BK Mahapatra told the special CBI court that a man's DNA had emerged as an important link between bloodstains found on Aarushi Talwar's pillow, the terrace wall of her house and a bottle of Ballantine's whisky found inside the house. Although this DNA will be identified later at Hyderabad lab CDFD, it is likely to be of the killer or Hemraj.Investigators had scraped a bloody palm imprint from the terrace wall of the Talwars' house, where Hemraj's body was found. CBI has maintained that the DNA found on Aarushi's pillow, the whisky bottle and the terrace imprint could be of Hemraj, and it reached the bottle through the hands of the killer.The four micro-slides of Aarushi's vaginal swab \"had faint stain\", Mahapatra told court. \"No semen was found in the slides and the female DNA...could not generate conclusive DNA profile because it had biological material of more than one female.\" CBI had earlier claimed that the vaginal swabs had been changed at the hospital.The bedsheet on which Aarushi was found dead was examined for presence of biological fluids as it had a watery mark near the pubic area. However, Mahapatra said, \"No DNA could be developed from there, which means that there was no biological fluid or stain on the bedsheet and it could be some other material\". This may support CBI's claim about Aarushi's private parts being cleaned \u2014 a point also made by the autopsy surgeon Dr Sunil Dohre.A \"few faint stains of blood having female DNA\" were found on the nightclothes worn by Aarushi's parents, doctors Rajesh and Nupur Talwar, on the night of murder, Mahapatra told court. \"These could have happened either (when a) very small quantity of blood was transferred from the source, or had been washed\". CBI officials said CDFD will later confirm whether this DNA was Aarushi's.Mahapatra told court no blood was found on Aarushi's school bag and a novel that her parents gave to CBI for analysis. \"DNA could also not be generated\". Dr Rajesh Talwar had handed over the novel claiming it was found on Aarushi's bed and had blood on its inner cover.The purple pillow cover and 'khukri' knife belonging to another suspect, Krishna, were also examined in court on Tuesday. Mahapatra said, \"Blood has been found on the pillow cover and khukri but DNA could not be generated\". CBI officials said a khukri is sometimes used for cutting meat or animals, and the blood stain on the pillow cover was so small that it could have resulted from a mosquito bite.Mahapatra will be cross-examined by defence lawyers on August 16. Meanwhile, two applications filed by the Talwars' lawyers seeking advancement of the testimony of 13 material witnesses, and protesting a mismatch in photographs and negatives provided by CBI, were rejected.The bedsheet on which Aarushi was found dead was examined for presence of biological fluids as it had a watery mark near the pubic area. However, no DNA could be developed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15505503", "title": "City cops to host juvenile counseling in north Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: Worried by increasing cases of juvenile involving crimes, city police decided to host a counseling for these minor-accused. As a pilot project, Deputy commissioner of police-North Bangalore HS Revanna and his staff along with psychiatrist counseled around 300 juvenile accused in July first week. Parents and guardians of these juveniles were present.\"It is really a success as none of the 300 juvenile accused participated in any criminal or anti social activities,\" HS Revanna told TOI.Encouraged by the first success, Revanna is planning to counsel another batch of juveniles in KLE college, Rajajinagar on August 16. \"Advocates, doctors including psychiatrists will be attending the day long meet,\" he said. Interested can contact-22942522 (Rajajinagar police station) or 22942299 (North DCP office).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "dimapur", "code": "15498018", "title": "Naga campaign against illegal migrants on hold", "text": "DIMAPUR: The Naga organizations' plan to launch a signature campaign from Tuesday against illegal immigrants has been put on hold following a directive from the Nagaland government.Following the decision of the Public Action Committee (PAC) of Naga Council, Dimapur, to undertake a \"pledge campaign\" in view of the threat posed by illegal Bangladeshi immigrants to the survival of the Nagas, Nagaland chief secretary Lalthara had directed Dimapur DC Hushili Sema to impress upon the PAC not to proceed with such a movement at this juncture \"as it could be misunderstood in other parts of the country with adverse consequences on Naga people residing outside the state.\"In a communique to DC Dimapur, the chief secretary stated that an NGO is not authorized to take such action against any group of people and such a movement at this juncture is likely to vitiate the atmosphere not only in Nagaland, but also in other parts of the country as well, especially in view of attacks on people from the northeast reported from Maharashtra and Karnataka.The PAC postponed its campaign against illegal immigrants for indefinite period \"due to unavoidable circumstances\".The Naga Council, on Tuesday, called an emergency meeting after the DC directed them to stop the campaign. President of the council, Leigise, said the \"pledge campaign\" of the PAC has nothing to do with what has happened in Kokrajhar, Pune or other places. He said the PAC was formed in February this year and the campaign against illegal immigrants started following the gangrape of a Naga woman by 5 illegal Bangladeshi immigrants.The meeting also viewed that any individual, organization or government misinterpreting the issue would be condemned as anti-Naga. The meeting noted that the pledge campaign is a voluntary campaign not to patronize illegal immigrants.The PAC, Naga Council, also decided to abstain from participating in Independence Day celebrations in Dimapur on Wednesday. The PAC's campaign was aimed at awakening the Naga people so that they can boycott Bangladeshi immigrants at voluntary and individual level. The campaign is an awareness drive to counter the conspiracy of \"Greater Bangladesh\" and negate a lie that there are no illegal Bangladeshis in India and Assam , he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15504078", "title": "New mobile radiation norms coming into effect from Sept 1", "text": "NEW DELHI: India is all set to clamp down on excessive radiation emanating from cellphones and towers. According to the new norms coming into effect from September 1, the radio frequency (RF) exposure limits to be lowered to 1/10of the existing level.It will also become mandatory for the specific absorption level (SAR) \u2014 the rate at which RF energy is absorbed by the body \u2014 to be embossed and displayed on mobile handsets. SAR levels shall also be limited to 1.6 watt/kg, averaged over a mass of 1 gm of human tissue. Handset made and sold in India or imported will now be checked for compliance.The government is also amending the Indian Telegraph Act, 1885, to ensure that only handsets satisfying radiation standards are imported/ made or sold in India. MoS for communications and IT Sachin Pilot said, \"Necessary changes in the design and packaging for compliance with this instruction will have to be in place on or before September 1. More stringent self-certification will become mandatory for every tower and mobile handset.\"He added, \"The ministry will conduct random checks for RF exposure . Violation of radiation limits or non-certification will entail a fine of Rs 5 lakh per tower . Stricter action will be taken against repeat offenders.\"The new norms stipulate the mobile handset booklet to instruct use of a wireless hands-free system (headphone or headset) with a low-power bluetooth emitter to cut radiation to the head. It will also say, \"When buying a cellphone, make sure it has a low SAR.\" The booklet will have to tell the consumer to either keep their phone calls short or use SMS, especially for children, adolescents and pregnant women.Manufacturers must also instruct people with medical implants like pacemakers not to keep their phones in shirt pockets. Instead, they will have to keep their cellphone at least 30 cm away from the implant.The International Agency for Research on Cancer \u2014 an arm of the World Health Organization had recently classified cellphone radiation, alongside gasoline engine exhaust, lead and DDT, as \"possibly carcinogenic to humans\" that increased risk for glioma, a malignant type of brain cancer.Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad said on Tuesday, \"Many countries have developed their own health-based precautionary guidelines where the exposure limit of these radiations is very low.\"The ministerial committee's report said, \"The area of concern is the radiation emitted by base stations and their antennas. This is because, in contrast to mobile handsets, it is emitted continuously and is more powerful at close quarters.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15498984", "title": "Mumbai hails cellphone tower guidelines", "text": "MUMBAI: The Union ministry of communication and information technology's move to involve the state government and civic body for stringent implementation of radiation norms has been welcomed by residents across the city, who are affected by mobile tower radiation.Currently, Telecom Enforcement, Resource and Monitoring (TERM) cells set up by Department of Telecommunications are responsible for checking radiation levels emitted by cell towers and the ministry is slated to form model guidelines for the state government, panchayats and municipalities. The new guidelines, which are more stringent, will be enforced from September 1.\"The problem with the older guidelines was that there was a lot of breach. The mobile operators took advantage of the confusion and were erecting more and more mobile towers. The new guidelines will help to a certain extent regulate the voltage of mobile towers and output radiation, thereby partially reducing health hazards. I would like to study the guidelines in detail before I comment on it,\" said Dr S Matthew, a resident of Dahisar, affected by the towers.I C Colony in Borivli was exposed to electromagnetic radiation emanating from three illegal mobile towers installed in a slum, hardly 20 feet above ground level. These were dismantled promptly by the civic body this year, after an RTI was filed by New Link Road Residents' Forum.\"The enforcement of laws is done through court as they are being violated and the common citizen and victim are left with no option but to approach the court. The law shouldn't be toothless as the common man will be fighting multinationals,\" said Harish Pandey, forum chairman.Shweta Rane, a Borivli resident, said there was already a court injunction which curtailed the civic body's powers to act against illegal mobile towers.\"The (housing) society and mobile service provider earn the revenue, whereas the exchequer does not gain anything from it. The status of mobile towers is so pathetic that you will find them on SRA buildings and buildings which are in a dilapidated condition too,\" said Rane.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15498709", "title": "IGCSE results out, students fare well", "text": "MUMBAI: Results for IGCSE students, who appeared for their exams in the May-June session, were released on August 13. Schools in the city and city schools were very happy with the outcome.At Dhirubai Ambani International School in Bandra (E), 69 students had appeared for the exams and all have passed with flying colours. Sixty-two per cent of the students scored A+. while 5 students achieved 10 A+ in all the 10 subjects they appeared for and 10 students achieved 9 A+ which is the highest ever achieved by the school.\"We are delighted by the spectacular results achieved by our students in the 2012 IGCSE exam. This record-breaking performance is a testimony to their aspirations to excel and their extraordinary hard work. It also demonstrates the remarkable commitment anddedication of our teachers,\" said Nita Ambani, the school's founder and chairperson.Only a select few schools follow the May-June examination session as the results for this session are usually announced in August, leaving students out of junior college admission cycle in the city. Most IGCSE schools follow the November exam session.At D G Khetan School in Malad (W), students appear for the Hindi exam in the May-June session and answer the rest of the papers in November. \"Our Hindi results have been fantastic and we expect the same in our November exams too,\" said Kavita Agarwal, principal of the school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "15505156", "title": "Margaret Thatcher targeted in Twitter death hoax", "text": "NEW YORK: Margaret Thatcher found herself at the center of the latest internet death hoax, after a Twitter account dubbed @OfficialSkyNews falsely tweeted that former British Prime Minister had died.The news setting the micro-blogging site ablaze with momentary confusion, as users waited for verification of the news.The account, which had over 30,000 followers and had only 10 tweets at the time of its message, had no ties to Sky News.But the short-lived internet hoax fooled several Twitter users, including ABC News' senior White House Correspondent Jake Tapper.\"WHOOPS fake account apologies. Deleting,\" the New York Daily News quoted Tapper as tweeting.Thatcher's Wikipedia page was also changed to reflect the fake news. It has since been rewritten to report that she is still alive.The fake Sky News account quickly deleted the Thatcher tweets and now claims to be linked to the British radio show, 'Primetime Potter.'It's not the first time that the Iron Lady's death has been falsely reported.Mario Dumont, a former Quebec provincial party leader and talk show host, reported of her death on Twitter in May 2011.\"R.I.P. Margaret Thatcher, a woman of vision and decisiveness. A rarity,\" Dumont wrote.The former Canadian politician later realized the mistake and apologized, \"News came from a fake Carla Bruni account. Sorry.\"Tuesday's hoax left many users of the micro blogging site wondering whether news of her death can ever be taken seriously.\"When Margaret Thatcher really does die, will anyone on Twitter even believe it? She's had more hoax deaths than any other,\" Stacey Herbert wrote.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15499250", "title": "With no English boards, many find MTC commute tough", "text": "CHENNAI: Learning to trust strangers in less than a minute is crucial for any student or professional who has recently moved into the city, and does not speak Tamil.The love for the local language is good; but not having name boards in a common language is tough on those who can't read Tamil. All eyes were on a foreigner at the Chennai Central bus stop on Monday. The girl who had been told by someone to get off at 'Hot Breads' bakery at Anna Nagar, was confirming with other commuters on the bus number she should look out for, and the stop at which she should alight.\"Hot Breads? We have not heard of such a stop\" said a woman. \"Have you?\" she asks turning to her mother, who shakes her head. Now the girl is a little flustered, and decides to just get to Anna Nagar. She boards the 7F bus. The bus conductor says, \"There is no such stop. I think you mean Chintamani. Take a ticket to that stop.\"Neither the buses nor the bus stops mention the stops or the route in English. \"Only the starting point and final stop are mentioned. The names of other stops are written in Tamil,\" says Shalini A, a college student from Kolkata. Many of the bus stops just mention bus numbers, but not the routes. \"At the bus stop opposite Central station and Spencer's, names of places like Saidapet, Tambaram and High Court are written in English. But at many other stops, it's just a series of numbers,\" says Amar Kalia, who recently joined a media company in the city. People who have been in the city for more than a year say the best way is to make local friends.Fellow commuters, thankfully, are often helpful. \"There are days when other commuters at bus stops give me instructions,\" says M Raj, who moved to the city a year ago.Commuters say the problem areas are bus depots on the outskirts. Guindy and Saidapet are among problematic areas. \"They say any bus going to high court will go to Mount Road, but we don't know if the 18K bus is going to high court or coming from there till we ask the conductor for a ticket,\" says Raj.The MTC's website www.mymtccommute.in has the bus routes but is not yet popular with many commuters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15498045", "title": "Dalit kids get Baba Ramdev to end fast", "text": "NEW DELHI: After five days of keeping everyone on tenterhooks, Baba Ramdev ended his fast on Tuesday afternoon amid much cheers by his supporters at the Ambedkar Stadium. Around 12.10pm, two Dalit siblings, Preeti and Sunny Kumar Kanojia, from Patparganj offered the yoga guru a glass of juice. Last August, it was two Dalit and Muslim girls who had ended Anna Hazare's fast.\"I do not understand in detail the agitation Baba is fighting for but what I understand is that it will help many people,\" said Preeti, a student of Class V.They had lost their father two years ago. \"He used to iron clothes and one day came down with a fever from which he did not recover,\" said Sunny, who studies in Class VII. \"We have two more siblings. My mother, Soni Devi, looks after the entire family. She, too, is not keeping well these days,\" added Sunny.\"We love to study and especially English. This is because we do not know English and we would like to be good at it,\" said Sunny. While Preeti wants to be a doctor, Sunny aspires to be an engineer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15503223", "title": "'Love-cheat' Kristen Stewart dropped from 'Snow White' sequel", "text": "Kristen Stewart , who has already lost the man she loves, faces more humiliation as it has been confirmed that she won't feature in the sequel to 'Snow White and the Huntsman.'Universal Studio is said to have devised a spin-off film where the narrative will focus on the huntsman, played by nice family man, Chris Hemsworth.According to the Hollywood Reporter , the news comes just weeks after pictures of the young actress getting intimate with film's married director Rupert Sanders emerged, the Daily Mail reported.The LA Times quote the film's makers Universal as saying that she still \"could\" have a role, but the film will not centre around the 'Twilight' star's performance.Writer David Keopp, who penned the original film, has left after being paid out of his contract to write the sequel.\"According to sources, as the project is being transformed into something other than the movie that Koepp had been hired to write,\" they wrote.There's no official word as to whether Englishman Sanders, 41, will get another chance to direct or not, although industry sources seem to be erring towards an affirmative.Sander's heartbroken wife, Liberty Ross is said to have banned him from ever working with the actress again, but obviously before the film's new concept was revealed.\"Liberty let it be known in no uncertain terms that Rupert can't direct the sequel to 'Snow White and the Huntsman ,\" a source told Radar Online.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15502677", "title": "Chandigarh-based Hind Pressmen Dhobi Parishad joins BJP", "text": "CHANDIGARH: City based Hind Pressmen Dhobi Parishad on Tuesday held its general body meeting at Community Centre Sector 21. The organization unanimously resolved to take the affiliation with the Bharatiya Janata Mazdoor Maha Sangh. On this occasion Ajit Singh, general secretary of BJMM was appointed as chairman of the Union and Nanku Prashad as general secretary of the Parishad.Sanjay Tandon, President Bharatiya Janata Party was the chief guest on the occasion. While addressing the gathering Tandon assured the Dhobi Parishad that the BJP will leave no stone unturned to fulfill the demands of the parishad. Sourabh Joshi, Satinder Singh, Arun Sood, Davesh Moudgil, BJP's municipal councillors and other senior leaders of the party were present on the occasion.While addressing the gathering, Hari Shankar Mishra President of BJMM announced that BJMM will be standing with the demands of Dhobi Parishad by all means and all extents. While addressing the gathering Ajit Singh, General Secretary BJMM thanked the gathering and assured that he will make each and every efforts to fulfill all the demands of the Parishad.Janki Parshad, president thanked all the guests and appealed all the members of the Parishad to come forward to meet their demands and he hoped that affiliation with BJMM will boost the moral of all the Pressmen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "15501579", "title": "Sarabjit expresses doubts over food being served to him in jail", "text": "AMRITSAR: Sarabjit Singh, an Indian prisoner in Pakistan's Kot Lakhpat jail, has expressed doubts over quality of food being served to him in jail.Sarabjit Singh's sister Dalbir Kaur, who received a letter from Sarabjit through his counsel Awais Sheikh who arrived in India on Tuesday to participate in the 'Hind-Pak Dosti Mela', told TOI that Sarabjit had complained of pain in his left leg, which he believed could be due to some adulteration in food.\"He has written that his left leg is drying and he suspects it could be due to food being served to him in jail,\" she said. Alarmed over his health and any possible connivance in jail, Dalbir Kaur has appealed to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to instruct the Indian High Commission officials in Islamabad to immediately visit Kot Lakhpat jail and get Sarabjit's medical examination done.\"I don't firmly say that he is in danger, but according to his letter, the jail food being served to him needs to be examined and Sarabjit should get best medical treatment,\" she said. Dalbir Kaur said that Sarabjit had written that jail staff would laugh at him when he asked them to give medicines. She said that Sarabjit Singh had informed her that jail superintendent had also banned his meetings with Indian prisoners, which used to take place on every Saturday and Sunday. She said Sarabjit had asked to put pressure on the Pakistan government through political channel for his release.In another letter written to UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi , Sarabjit Singh had appealed her to help his family members in India get visa so that they could visit Pakistan to meet him in jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15504107", "title": "Bus commuters want cashless cards at all 25 depots across Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: Bus commuters have complained of regular fights with conductors over loose change and demanded that BEST should introduce cashless cards on a priority at all the 25 depots across Mumbai.The BEST had launched the cashless scheme with much fanfare on Tuesday, when it celebrated its anniversary day. However, this was done only for Wadala depot on a two-week experimental basis. it is not clear when these cards will be available at all the other depots and commuters are already fuming.\"The cashless cards can be used to buy tickets of any denomination, especially Rs 5, 7 and 12 for which conductors create a huge fuss and insist on loose change. With the cards, there's no need to carry any coins or cash. Also, it saves a lot of time,\" said regular passenger Prakash Menon.Another commuter, Rohit Shekhar, said, \"I have frequent fights with conductors who refuse to issue ticket unless I tender exact change. The cashless cards are the need of the hour. Why is it being delayed?\" TOI has got calls from several parts of suburbs, where commuters said these cards were passenger-friendly and should have been launched simultaneously at all depots on BEST Day.BEST committee chairperson Ashok Patil said the administration will try and expedite the implementation of the scheme in island city and eastern/western suburbs. \"Those who already have ID-cards (RFID) for daily bus pass can use the same card to top up any amount and use it for purchasing tickets,\" he said.A new ID-cum-cashless card can be purchased at any depot for Rs 20. However, commuters who have bought the cards are unable to top up any amount, except at the Wadala depot. And this too is available to those who stay in the vicinity of Wadala depot.BEST public relations officer N A Walavalkar said, \"Whenever a new system or scheme is introduced, we usually do it in phases. In this case, we need to conduct the trial runs at Wadala depot. It helps us rectify any teething problems and streamline the process before being launched at all the other depots\".Walawalkar said that the BEST also planned to introduce GPS system in all ordinary red buses soon. \"At present, we have installed the GPS facility in only 270 AC King Long buses, with the help of which the new sms-alert system has been activated at 351 bus stops catering to AC buses only,\" he stated.TOI had written that the new sms-alert service will be in operation from Wednesday and commuters said they got timely alerts about the next AC bus arriving at a particular stop. \"Passengers should note that we have not started this service at all the 6,000 bus stops and it's only for the AC bus routes (351 stops). At present, we are in process of painting the code numbers at all bus stops for the benefit of passengers.\"Commuters standing at the bus stop can simply type BEST followed by a space and then key in the \"Bus stop Code\" and send it to 56060.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15500626", "title": "Women weaving the national flag are in dire straits", "text": "Hubli: Not many know that the tricolour that flutters across the country on Independence Day and other days of national importance is woven and prepared by a few poverty-stricken women of Gopankopapa, Gokul and other backward areas of Hubli city. Karnataka Khadi Gramodyoga Samyukta Sangh (KKGSS), Bengeri, is the only authorized unit by the Khadi and Village Commission to make national flags as per the BIS (Bureau of Indian Standards) in Karnataka. The sale of national flag has been increasing every year ever since the KKGSS started the task of manufacturing national flags.Nearly 45 women have been working overtime to meet the growing need for national flags. These women are involved in various phases in making the national flag -- stitching, dyeing, cutting and printing. But, their life has remained unchanged as they are still living in abject poverty, without even basic minimum wages. Even after sweating out for nearly 8 to 10 hours per day, their earnings do not cross Rs 600-700 per week. Most of these women are sole bread winners of the family. \"I have been working since the past eight years here, but our hard work is going unnoticed by the government, which is still not giving us minimum salary. We are staying in rented house and I am the only bread earner of my family. I have to take care of my aged in-laws, jobless husband and children\", said Jayanti Mutalik, Gokul. \"Though I am working here since the past eight years, my financial status has not changed much. For working overtime now, I am earning, Rs 1,200 per week but how long can I work overtime? The government should consider our service to the nation and implement minimum wages as per the government norms,\" said, Ruksana Raichur, Gopankoppa. Speaking to TOI, Raghavendra Mutalik Desai, Manager, National flag manufacturing unit, KKGSS, said,\"To help these poor women, we have introduced ESI and PF facilities. We did not get any support from the government to pay their salary. The government should announce minimum wages for these women who are involved in making the national flag.\" KKGSS sold out flags worth Rs 86 lakh and 96 lakh in 2008-09 and 2010-11 respectively. It has set a target of selling flags worth Rs 1.5 crore in 2012-13. Till mid August, KKGSS has sold out flags worth Rs 55 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15499052", "title": "Mill hands' stir hits traffic near Parel", "text": "MUMBAI: Road traffic in central Mumbai was thrown out of gear for four hours on Tuesday as mill workers demonstrated at Lower Parel. The traffic police sent text message alerts to motorists and offered diversions, but in vain.Around 6,000 to 7,000 mill workers were part of the morcha. They walked down from NM Joshi Marg to Bharatmata, further on to Dr BA Road, Kalachowkie junction and eventually congregated at Shahid Bhagat Singh Maidan. Office-goers had a tough time navigating their vehicles through Parel TT, Bharatmata and Elphinstone which were among the key areas that saw traffic snarls.\"The morcha left behind a backlog of traffic from 11am to 2.30pm. The stretch beneath the flyover on Dr BA Road had bumper-to-bumper traffic,\" said a motorist. \"I was stuck at Dadar for 45 minutes. Dadar TT circle was worse,\" another motorist said.The worst affected stretches were Parel TT to Sewri, Parel TT to Dadar TT, Bharatmata to Hindmata and Parel TT to Elphinstone Road. Personnel from Bhoiwada and Worli traffic police outposts fanned across the morcha route to guide motorists. \"We had sent text messages to motorists on Tuesday morning itself. South-bound motorists were adviced to use the Rafi Ahmed Kidwai Marg,\" a senior official said, adding that diversions were also given.In a separate instance, a broken down truck caused a traffic jam at Mahalaxmi and Saat Rasta, around 4 pm. Motorists took to social networking sites to complain about the inconvenience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15503513", "title": "Richard Burton's secret diaries reveal raw passion for Liz Taylor", "text": "Legendary actor Richard Burton's secret diaries paints a more intimate, gentle and thoughtful picture of his love for Elizabeth Taylor - their life together and their two stormy marriages.The diaries cover his life from the age of 14 until just before his death in 1984 at the age of 58.He describes Taylor as a \"wildly exciting lover-mistress\" who was \"beautiful beyond the dreams of pornography.\"The 450,000 handwritten words are recorded in pocket books, desk diaries and on loose paper, the Daily Express reported.Burton, who was married five times and had four children, kept his diaries religiously.His never-before-seen thoughts and reflections tell of \"watching his weight, watching his drinking, or watching other men watch his Elizabeth.\"t other times he boasts of his achievements and talks of his unfulfilled potential.Burton was born the 12th of 13 children into a Welsh mining family.He met Taylor on the set of the film Cleopatra in 1963. The attraction was instan-taneous and they launched into a whirlwind romance, marrying a year later.They divorced in 1974 but wed again just a year later. That marriage only lasted a year.Entries from November 1968 read: \"I have been inordinately lucky all my life but the greatest luck of all has been Elizabeth.\"She has turned me into a model man but not a prig, she is a wildly exciting lover-mistress, she is shy and witty, she is nobody's fool. She is a brilliant actress, she is beautiful beyond the dreams of pornography, she can be arrogant and willful, she is clement and loving.\"She is Sunday's child, she can tolerate my impossibilities and my drunkenness, she is an ache in the stomach when I am away from her and she loves me. She is the prospectus that can never be entirely catalogued, an almanac for poor Richard. And I shall love her forever,\" he wrote.Even after the pair's second divorce the passion lived on. Burton, who compared marriage to Taylor with living on the edge of a volcano, wrote to her: \"I love you, lovely woman. If anybody hurts you just send me a line saying something like 'Need' or 'Necessary' or just the one magic word 'Elizabeth' and I will be there faster than sound. You must know how much I love you. You must know of course how badly I treat you. But the fundamental and most vicious, swinish, murderous and unchangeable fact is that we totally misunderstand each other.\"It is said that one of Burton's last acts was to write to Taylor, who died last year aged 79. The contents have never been revealed but she hinted he sought a reconciliation.The diaries, given to Swansea University by Burton's last wife Sally and edited by Professor Chris Williams , are to published later this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15498625", "title": "PCMC to extend water helpline timings by six hours", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation has decided to extend the timings of the citizens' water helpline by six hours from Thursday.The helpline number (67339999), at present, is available between 7 am and 3 pm. The service has now been extended till 9 pm. Citizens can also lodge their complaints through e-mail at helpline@pcmcindia.gov.in. The consumer has to feed in his 11-digit consumer number and his mobile number.The citizens' water helpline was started in January 2010. In the last one and half years, the corporation has received 322 complaints, out of which 304 have been solved.Thomas Naronha, in-charge of wireless department, PCMC said, \"The helpline number has an interactive voice response system. Citizens have to know the water meter number. After registration of the complaint, a complaint number is generated so that the citizen can track the progress of the action taken on his complaint. The person is also informed when the complaint has been solved.\"Giving details of the complaints, Naronha said, \"Sixty percent of the complaints are technical in nature like turbid water supply, low pressure water supply and no water supply. The remaining are about water bills - exorbitant bills, wrong assessment. The complaints are received from all parts of the city.\" The PCMC has appointed a private agency to run the helpline.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15502955", "title": "Atul Kulkarni\u2019s third Tamil film!", "text": "The actor's Suzhal just recently released but didn't sizzle at the box office. Bollywood actor Atul Kulkarni, who is an intense performer, has now signed his next Tamil film.Apparently, he will be working with Chimbu Devan's assistant Dhanaram Saravanan. Like his previous films, this is another small budget entertainer that focuses on politics, business and the everyday citizen. It is said to be a realistic film. Along with Atul, there will also be other actors like Salim Kumar (who won the National Award last year), Sharanya and Harish. Raine Chawla is the heroine. The movie is being backed by the production house that made Salt and Pepper in Malayalam, Lucsam Creations. Considering the Malayalam flick was good and got rave reviews, expectations are high from this film as well. Here's hoping that it clicks and Atul bags more projects!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "hooghly, west bengal", "code": "15504318", "title": "Congress leader killed in Hooghly, protesters turn violent", "text": "HOOGHLY, WEST BENGAL: A road blockade by Congress party at Bandal in Hooghly district in protest against the murder of a local leader turned violent today leading to injury of nine persons including four policemen.Superintendent of Police Tanmoy Roychowdhury said Dilip Paswan (55) was shot dead near Bandal Locoshed last night by three men who came with their faces covered in a motorbike.In protest against the killing, Congress workers put up a blockade at Delhi Road at 7 am today.When a police team went there, the protesters started pelting stones to them injuring four policemen and set fire to a police jeep, Roychowdhury said.The police used batons to disperse the mob that also left five persons injured, he said.The SP said efforts were on to arrest the killers of Paswan and the situation is now under control.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "15498217", "title": "Mastermind in Khandve murder case still at large", "text": "YAVATMAL: Though police arrested two accused from their residences in Bangar Nagar in the sensational killing of cable operator Umesh Khandve on August 4, the mastermind and his aide are still at large.Cops obtained the PCR of both the arrested killers from the court till August 16 and on interrogation, one of them has confessed to have them set a deal of Rs. 5 lakh of which they have taken the 'supari' of Rs. 1 lakh as advance from builders Sachin Bharti and Raju Lohana. There were five accused in the case of whom three are still absconding.According to PSO of Wadgaon Road police station Sarjerao Gaikwad, they had arrested one Arif Shah earlier, and on information gathered from him during interrogation, his accomplice Raju Shukla (29), a resident of Bangar Nagar was also arrested.Shukla has confessed to have received Rs. 1 lakh as advance of the contract killing amount.The police have recovered the baseball sticks, iron pipe and swords which were used for the crime, according to the information given by Raju Shukla.Shukla told the cops that the game plan was finalized in the office of builder Sachin Bharti and a supari of Rs. 5 lakh was agreed upon for eliminating cable operator Umesh who had taken objection to the illegal construction being made by the builders in Bharti Layout on Darwha road.After the crime, Arif Shah and Raju Shukla fled the scene on an autorickshaw, while the trio - Sachin Bharti, Raju Lohana and Ganesh Thakur (uncle of Raju Shukla) left the spot in a red Alto car which they abandoned at an isolated spot under the Sindhi police station limit after being chased by a police jeep. The car was later brought to Yavatmal by the cops on getting information from their counterparts.Both Arif and Raju are freshers in contract killing. They were booked under Section 324 and some other bailable offences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15500402", "title": "Burglars vanish with jewellery in Odhav", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Thieves targeted a jewellery shop in Odhav on Monday night and stole gold and silver jewellery worth Rs 18.20 lakh. It is one of the major thefts in eastern parts of the city in last one month after the western city reported theft of more than Rs 70 lakh. Police suspect a gang from outside the city to be involved in the theft.According to Odhav police, Rajendra Soni, a resident of Rajendra Park in Odhav, owns Mamta Jewellers near Krishnakunj Society in Arbudanagar. \"He had closed the shop at 9.30 pm on Monday and returned at 9 am on Tuesday when he noticed that the shutter of his shop was bent from the middle. Soni informed police and entered the shop with the police team,\" said an investigator. \"The thieves had stolen 500 grams of gold jewellery and 6 kgs of silver jewellery from cabinets in the shop,\" he added.J R Desai, inspector of Odhav police station, said that most of the jewellery stolen belonged to people who had pawned it in lieu of money. \"The jewellery was packed in small boxes with names of the owners written on it. The thieves did not touch the ornaments on display and instead targeted the drawers and cabinets,\" he said.Investigators added that the shop did not have CCTV installed. \"We roped in the dog squad and forensic experts. We believe that the thieves used the car jack to bend the shutter from the middle and entered the shop. It is the same modus operandi seen at other spots for theft,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15498135", "title": "Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation releases excess arrear to employees", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The cash-strapped Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC) allegedly incurred loss of over Rs 1.21 crore thanks to the \"unauthorized and inadmissible\" payment of arrear house rent allowance (HRA) in contravention with Odisha revised scale of pay (ORSP) rules-2008. The Local Fund Unit of state finance department that conducts audit in urban local bodies and panchayati raj institutions, stumbled upon the jumbo financial loss during a recent audit.Though the state government in December 2008 decided to allow HRA for its employees on the revised scale of pay and grade pay with effect from December 1, 2008, BMC in 2010-11 released arrears from January 1, 2006 to November 31, 2008.\"Some BMC officers violated the ORSP rules and released a whopping arrear HRA in unauthorized and inadmissible way, causing BMC loss of nearly Rs one crore twenty-one lakh twenty-one thousand,\" the audit report revealed. Sources said the dues were for 510 employees.The government had set three categories (X, Y and Z) on the basis of location of the employees to avail the HRA. While employees in Bhubaneswar and Cuttack (X category cities) are eligible to get 20% HRA of basic and grade pays, those in Y category cities are eligible to draw 10% and Z type towns 5% of their basic and grade pays, sources said.The auditors fixed responsibility of the revenue loss on 11 officers, including two former BMC commissioners during whose tenures the violation took place. Other officers in the line of fire included chief finance officer, former chief finance officer, former establishment officer, accountant and five junior assistants of BMC. The auditors even recommended administrative action against those officers.\"We are examining the audit report and trying to recover the money from the employees, who received the arrear HRA. The money will be recovered from their salaries or pensions (those who already retired),\" Hrusikesh Tripathy, director of municipal administration told TOI.\"It was not a deliberate act to cause loss to BMC coffer. I think the process of releasing of arrear HRA started before I joined,\" said former BMC commissioner Vishal Dev, who had replaced Gadadhar Parida in October 2010.\"I was not aware of the ORSP-2008 rules as the clerical staff processed the HRA arrear files. I did not commit the mistake intentionally. The concerned department dealing with the arrear file should have been updated about the rules,\" said the then BMC commissioner Gadadhar Parida, who had joined BMC in December 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "junagadh", "code": "15505422", "title": "Narendra Modi accuses Manmohan Singh of 'dual standards' on Bangladeshi infiltration, Mumbai violence", "text": "JUNAGADH: Terming Prime Minister's Independence Day speech as disappointing, Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday questioned his silence on the Mumbai violence and asked him to clarify his government's policy on the issue of Bangladeshi infiltrators.He also accused Prime Minister Manmohan Singh of adopting \"dual standards\" with regard to incidents in Assam and Mumbai in his 66th Independence Day speech here.\"The infiltration of Bangladeshis in India is becoming a issue of concern. Assam (violence) is just a small example of it becoming a major problem for the nation,\" Modi said.\"Prime Minister, the country wants to know what are you thinking about Bangladeshi infiltration. What are your policies? Will Bangladeshis have a sway in India,\" Modi said.Accusing the PM of adopting dual standards, he said, \"Why the Prime Minister has remained silent on the violence in Mumbai, while he expressed remorse on the violent protests in Assam? Why this dual standards ? How can a Prime Minister of a country be mum on such a serious incident.\"Modi said said he heard the Prime Minister's speech not as a chief minister but as a common man and was disappointed.The chief minister expressed shock that the the Prime Minister can say \"prices may rise\" or cite coalition compulsions.\"What happened to the promises of cheap interest rates for the middle class people to build houses or the cheap education loans,\" he asked.He said if the PM makes promises but does not keep them, how does he expect the people of India to believe him and his government?Modi also wondered why there was no plan to tackle malnutrition. He also accused the PM of waking up late to the issue of skill development in the nation.Taking a dig on those opposing Gujarat's development policies, particularly the Congress, Modi said that it is \"your Prime Minister who says that FDI is needed in the country for employment generation\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15503618", "title": "Five college students suspended for creating ruckus", "text": "CHANDIGARH:Five students of a private college, in Chandigarh, were suspended, under a disciplinary action taken against them for creating ruckus and after that misguiding college authorities and police by projecting it as a ragging incident.According to the police, there was a quarrel among students of BA II and BA III students on late Tuesday. When police reached the spot, students said that third-year students were doing ragging and they also manhandled the. However, police detained four students from the spot.\"The students were in an inebriated condition. During the questioning, we discovered that no ragging took place and students were trying to misguide us. They had quarreled over some hostel issue. Accordingly, we informed the college authorities and appealed them to take action against errant students,\" said a police official here on Wednesday.The suspended students included two third-year and three final-year students. All of them are residing at college hostels.A senior college official said, \"Earlier we came to know that some third year students were ragging the first and second year students, resulting in an uproar as a fight was initiated. But after clarifications from police we came to know that there was no such incident of ragging. A disciplinary action has been taken and the students who were involved in creating this ruckus have been suspended.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15499701", "title": "Fresh revival plan for Hantex", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The ailing Hantex is likely to get a fresh lease of life with the industries department stepping in to assist the handloom major with a revival plan. The department has assured it subsidies and help in modernizing its marketing, sales and distribution strategies.Industries minister P K Kunhalikutty said an integrated development plan was being formulated to revive the handloom sector. The plan envisages providing subsidies, ensuring quality products at reasonable prices, and formulating better marketing strategies. Handloom societies and other agencies in the sector will make a coordinated effort for the development of handicrafts, he said. \"To ensure Centre's support for the plan, a high-level delegation led by the chief minister will hold discussions with Union minister for commerce and textiles Anand Sharma,\" he said. Kunhalikutty was speaking to reporters after inaugurating the state-level Onam-Ramzan fair at Hantex Bhavan in the city. He said Hantex expects a sale of Rs 25 crore at the fair.Kerala's traditional handloom garments- golden jerried sarees, jerried set dhotis, double dhotis - as well as modern (handloom) designer cotton sarees and dhotis, and bed sheets, mosquito nets have all been showcased at the 130 Hantex showrooms in the state. The expo also has readymade shirts and other garments.Hantex expects to sell Rs 1 crore worth of readymade shirts this year, said its president Peringamala Vijayan. It plans to take over the Onam-Ramzan market with its demand-driven products, he added.Employees of semi-government and local self-government bodies, public sector, banks, registered companies and cooperative societies will be given the option to buy Hantex products worth up to Rs 5,000 on five equal monthly installments, said Hantex president Peringamala Vijayan. There is a 20% rebate on Hantex products in the fair, which will remain open till August 27. Exhibition stalls will be opened in all district headquarters and all the outlets will function on all days, including holidays, from 10am to 8pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "latur", "code": "15502290", "title": "Vilasrao Deshmukh's body reaches Latur; thousands gather to pay respects", "text": "LATUR: Thousands of people lined up on the road to pay their last respects to Union minister Vilasrao Deshmukh whose body arrived here this morning.The body of Deshmukh, who passed away at the Global Hospital in Chennai yesterday, was flown in an Air Force plane to Latur early today.On way to his native village Babhalgaon, the procession of the vehicle carrying Deshmukh's body was impeded by thousands of mourners who blocked traffic on the main road in a bid to have a last glimpse of the leader.Shops and commercial establishments in Latur have downed shutters since yesterday soon after the news of Deshmukh's passing away reached them.Police sources said seven lakh people are expected to attend Deshmukh's last rites.The body was later kept at a special stage erected in Dayanand Vidyalaya premises at the village to enable people to pay tributes from, sources said.Deshmukh's mortal remains would be consigned to flames at around 4pm at his farm at Babhalgaon, close to the place where his father Dagdojirao was cremated.Soon after arriving from the capital, Singh laid a wreath on Deshmukh's coffin and with folded hands offered condolences to family members including wife Vaishali and sons Amit, Dheeraj and Reitesh.Gandhi, who reached the venue along with Manmohan Singh, also laid a wreath and embraced the grieving Vaishali, who stood behind her husband's coffin.She also consoled three sons and other family members.Governor K. Sankaranarayanan, Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan and Deputy Chief Minister Ajit Pawar also paid their respects to Deshmukh.Several Bollywood personalities also turned up on the occasion.Deshmukh passed away after suffering a heart attack in a Chennai hospital on Tuesday following multiple organ failure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15498461", "title": "Vilasrao Deshmukh's association with Pune", "text": "PUNE: The late Vilasrao Deshmukh had a close association with Pune. He studied law here and practiced in a local court for some days before moving to his native village in Latur.During a visit to Pune in April this year, he met up with some of his old friends. But no one, including former MLC Ulhas Pawar, who is one of his closest friends, realized the gravity of Deshmukh's illness.Pawar said he accompanied Deshmukh at all programmes whenever the latter was in the city. At a recent programme in the city, Pawar had said, \"Vilasrao has a skill to develop friends from all walks of life. He has a charm which can mellow down even a bitter opponent.\" On Tuesday, the friend broke down as he recalled fond memories of his association with Deshmukh. \"I still don't believe he is no more. I had enquired about his health this morning. I am not in a state of mind to say anything else,\" an inconsolable Pawar said.During several visits to Pune in the past, Deshmukh talked about his \"youthful'' days here. He studied at Garware College and ILS law college. But before he entered active politics way back in 1974, Deshmukh honed his legal skills here by practicing in a court.\"As a novice lawyer, I would cycle my way to the court. I distinctly remember the day when my name appeared in a local newspaper for the first time as advocate V D Deshmukh. I collected copies of the newspaper and went gaga over it. The city has taught me a lot,\" he had said in one of his speeches.Pune MLC Mohan Joshi said that Pune city was his \"karma bhoomi'' (place of stay and work) during his young days. \"He made it a point to attend all functions in the city where he was invited. One of his qualities was that he had a strong rapport with everyone. He would pick up calls of everyone - whether he knew that person or not,\" Joshi said.His contemporaries in Maharashtra Education Society's (MES) Abasaheb Garware College remembered Vilasrao in the 60s as a friendly student with an unmistakable talent of striking good rapport with all. Vilasrao was a \"thorough gentleman\" and an above average, sincere student who would remember everyone in the hostel by his first name.Interestingly, he was not involved in student politics but followed the rules of a different game. He was a volleyball player and was known for his interest in sports. Vilasrao was a student of BSc Physics for four years and then joined the college as a part time demonstrator of Physics while pursuing his law degree.NCP leader and Rajya Sabha member Vandana Chavan described Deshmukh as a well-cultured, state and national level leader with a big heart. \"He always encouraged others and acted as a guide to all political workers including me,\" she said. Chavan recalled that Deshmukh always had a strong rapport with the common people. He always strived for the best administration and planning for the development of the state and the nation.City MP Suresh Kalmadi said, \"Deshmukh was a leader of the people. He had a lot of knowledge about the problems of the city and rural areas. We have lost a leader who had a vision for the future.\"Deshmukh's friends in MES hostel and hostel rectors praised Deshmukh as a \"mature\" leader since college days. During his stay at the hostel between 1962-65, Deshmukh was known as a good sportsman. Deshmkuh during his Pune visits gave credit to the institute for honing his leadership skills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15500333", "title": "Let\u2019s nix Talibanization: Jnanpith laureate U R Ananthamurthy", "text": "BANGALORE: Lawlessness has brought Mangalore to its knees. After the pub attack has come another assault on Gen Y. In this interview, Jnanpith laureate U R Ananthamurthy says we must speak out against any attempt to Talibanize India. That is a responsibility we must not fear to wield.Do you think Mangalore's image has taken a severe beating in the past few years, thanks to vigilante groups taking law into their hands?Yes, because Mangalore was truly a modern city at one time. When I was young, people thought it was a proud thing to go there. Hence, my idea of Mangalore was very different. State women's commission chief C Manjula says the victims brought it upon themselves, and adds that the culture of partying is an issue that needs attention.It needs attention only if their families have any objection \u2014 not any women's organization. All moral questions have shifted from the family to the public, which shows that either the family as an institution has no strength or the public has a strong agenda of its own.Writer Vaidehi has said such incidents prompted her to question the interpretations of Hindu culture. And she has been attacked for this.One of the best representatives of Hindu culture, for me, is Vaidehi. It is women writers like her who have deeper layers of culture. Attacking her is so wrong. BJP's Hindu culture is puritanicalUR Ananthamurthy said Hindu culture as proposed by the BJP and the Parivar reveals a desire to build a nation where people have no individuality. He said two cultures co-exist in India pretty well.Does modern urban culture clash with the idea of Hindu culture as proposed by the BJP and the Parivar?Both BJP and Parivar have a puritanical version which is not Hindu, but fanatic, as it happened before enlightenment. This puritanical version comes from their desire to build a nation where people have no individuality.Is there something wrong with the perception of the lifestyle of the young as seen by a section of intellectuals...\"?The youngsters went to Morning Mist for their own party and they have every right to do so, with the consent of their families. In India, the same girl may wear jeans one day and sari the next, and the two cultures co-exist well.Do you see this politicization a major threat to society in the years to come? How do we contain it?It is a major threat to our civilization, tolerance and diversity; there's no doubt about it. Boys and girls who go to schools and colleges make friends outside their castes and religions. This is a plus point. These puritans are trying to Talibanize India. We should speak out against it as responsible people.Speak out against itThese puritans are trying to Talibanize India. We should speak out against it as elders and responsible people, he said.NCW to probe Mangalore attackNational Commission for Women member Shamina Shafiq will visit Mangalore on Thursday and Friday to investigate the Morning Mist Home Stay attack on July 28, where a mob assaulted a group of boys and girls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15498740", "title": "Sites under construction forever", "text": "GURGAON: In its IT policy - first framed in 2000 and still awaiting an update - the Haryana government talked about modernization of governance in clear terms. This was to be a state with an 'IT-driven system of governance.' Services were to be made online, and all government departments were to have an official web-portal, which in turn was to be 'updated dynamically'. Today, over a decade down the line, these objectives are far from realized, and seem as out of reach as they did when they were first announced.The Haryana government's new directive, asking all departments to set up, and regularly update, their official websites, is one indication of how far the state actually is from achieving its e-governance dream. The instructions were sent from the chief secretary's office to all heads of department in the state. \"They have been directed to update their websites regarding latest instructions, service rules, gradation list, backlog, vacancies and roster points,\" said a government official.According to the new directive, departments that still lack an official website in Haryana have been asked to launch one. \"They have also been asked to respond to these instructions, and report the actions they have taken, within the next 15 days,\" the official added.Experts say that having a user-friendly online presence is the most basic of steps that needs to be taken for IT and governance to effectively converge. And the dismal state of some of the official web-portals here - many have even won awards at the national level in the past - doesn't sit well with the government's ambitious e-gov schemes.When TOI checked on Tuesday, several prominent official websites showed broken links, among which many have been inactive for months. Out of the 12 dead portals listed by TOI, Haryana archives department, Haryana dev (development) and panchayats department, employment department and the land records department figure right at the top. The land records portal, jamabandi.nic.in, was one of the major e-governance initiatives announced by the state some years ago, but all it displays today is a broken home-page with no hyper-links.The portals that are accessible are seldom updated. For instance the Haryana excise and taxations department website shows that the last update was made on 3 February 2012. And those few websites that are active and receive frequent updates, like haryana.gov.in, are undermined by their cluttered and confusing layouts.Vibhu Kapoor, senior official at the National Informatics Centre's (NIC) Gurgaon base said: \"NIC has given these departments server space only. The updates, maintenance and design need to be done by the department's designated officials only,\" he said. Kapoor added that broken links and dead portals are abundant in Haryana's official web-space.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "15497766", "title": "Magazine to enlighten people about their rights", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: A city-based human rights outfit has come out with a magazine on the eve of the 65th Independence Day to enlighten people about civil rights and ways and means to prevent violation of human rights. The magazine, titled 'Human Rights Vision', will feature existing laws of the country vis-a-vis girl child rights, women rights, tribal rights, dalit rights and property rights of the women and explain each in detail. Laws to curb domestic violence and discrimination against women in the workplace will also find a mention in the journal.\"Laws specifically dealing with police brutality, extrajudicial killings and torture will be mentioned in the magazine,\" said a functionary of the Jharkhand Human Rights Conference (JHRC). He said articles concerning lack of accountability for security forces and impunity for abusive policing will be part of the informative material and they are vital for a Maoist-affected state like Jharkhand.JHRC said with increasing incidents of cold-blooded murder, torture, ill-treatment, disappearance and arbitrary arrests in the region, the magazine has enough scope to educate and make the common citizens aware of the legal and constitutional measures to prevent such gross violation of human rights.\"The Constitution of India provides for the fundamental rights of the citizens and JHRC, being a responsible human rights body, thought it prudent to come out with a magazine featuring laws explicitly dealing with the protection of the human rights,\" said JHRC president Manoj Mishra during the launching of the magazine in Singhbhum Chamber Bhavan on Tuesday. Mishra said the magazine, which will also carry human rights articles written by imminent people and legal experts both domestic and international, will be distributed free of cost at colleges, schools and libraries. \"It is just a beginning in the direction of educating the people, particularly the young generation, about human rights. We look forward to its bright future,\" said a rights activist.The 44-page debut edition of the magazine was released by state excise minister Gopal Krishna Patar in the presence of Jamshedpur (West) MLA, Banna Gupta amid a gathering of the right activists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15499330", "title": "A song called freedom", "text": "Mayavaram Saraswathi Ammal didn't get a wink of sleep on the night of August 14, 1947. The flautist says it was because she and a group of Carnatic musicians were busy putting together a song on 'the dawn of Independence', which the All India Radio was going to air early morning on August 15.\"AIR officials asked vocalist Kothamangalam Subbu to write the lyrics. I composed the tune and we rehearsed it along with others and by 5am it was on air. There was such a feeling of joy that day as the words 'Angila aandinil ettam madam, pathinaintham naal ananda naal (August 15th in the eighth month of the English year is a happy day) passed our lips,\" says Saraswathi. Today, that is the only line of the song Saraswathi remembers. \"But I will never forget the feeling of singing it,\" says the 91-year-old. As India celebrates its 66th year of Independence, Saraswathi Ammal is among the few artists in Chennai, who remember the day it all began.Actor 'Baby' Saroja or Saroja Ramamrutham, now in her 80s, was around six years old, when she acted in the movie 'Thyagabhoomi', made by freedom fighter and film-maker K Subrahmanyam in 1939. While the movie was about a woman's liberation from the world of dowry, the British banned it six weeks after its release when they realised it was becoming a platform for nationalist propaganda. The then commissioner of police, an Indian, was Subrahmanyam's friend, who warned him that the prints were to be seized. \"The film-maker immediately instructed the cinema halls to throw open the film to everyone, free of cost, till the police arrived and lathicharged the audience,\" says Saroja's son S Krishnaswamy, a film-maker. Saroja says at the time of acting in the movie, she did not realise the significance of it. \"Only when I was older did I realise I was a part of the making of history too,\" Saroja told her family many years later.Art critic Sadanand Menon says that the fact that several Carnatic musicians of the time drew from the repertoire of nationalist poets such as Subramanya Bharathi and infused them into their concerts did make a contribution to the cause of freedom. \"They may not have directly participated, but singing the songs did rouse nationalist sentiments. Being associated with the cause was a risk in itself and some artists such as the now late D K Pattammal, M L Vasanthakumari and M S Subbulakshmi still went ahead,\" says Menon.Historian V Sriram says that there were some who made an impact through their songs. MLV's mother Madras Lalitangi Vasanthakumari, for instance, is credited with having recorded the first song with a nationalist theme for commercial release. \"She sang it to mark the death of freedom fighter and Swaraj Party leader Chittaranjan Das in 1925. There is also a story about violinist Papa K S Venkatramaiah, who played his violin when freedom fighter S Satyamurti was arrested. He played from the time the police arrived, to the time Satyamurti was taken away,\" says Sriram.Musician T V Gopalakrishnan used to be a regular at nationalist meetings and processions, singing patriotic songs at every chance he got. \"In those days, students like me were roped in to help in the freedom struggle,\" he says. When Gandhiji came to Kerala he rushed out to be part of it. \"By sheer luck, my aunt and I happened to get close to Gandhiji and she asked him for his autograph. He told her he never gave anything away for free and so she removed a bangle and gave it to him in exchange for his signature,\" says Gopalakrishnan. \"There was no time to stop and think, you just joined them, walked and ran. Freedom was the only thing that mattered,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15505603", "title": "Autorickshaw drivers held for stealing donation boxes from suburban temples", "text": "MUMBAI: Three autorickshaw drivers were arrested by the Malad police for stealing donation boxes from temples. The accused were caught during a combing operation early on Friday. They were identified as Murtuza Ali Aktar, Abdul Karim Ahmed Shaikh and Mubarak Abdul Shaikh.\"The accused were caught near Natraj Market on the SV Road while they were travelling from Kandivali to Goregaon around 6 am. Our personnel immediately identified Murtuza as he had been involved in two cases of donation box thefts earlier__ at the Hanuman temple on the Link Road where Rs 18000 in cash was stolen and at the Ganpati temple at Chincholi Bunder,\" said a police officer.Burglary tools such as screwdrivers and crowbars were seized from the accused. On interrogation, they admitted to having stolen a donation box from the Sai temple at Kandivali an hour before they were apprehended on Friday. The box contained Rs 16000 in loose change. The police also suspect the trio's involvement in two cases at Matunga.Explaining the modus operandi used, police officers said the accused would survey temples during the daytime while driving their autorickshaws. They would strike in the early hours while the priest was asleep. The gang would yank off the donation box and carry it along. A local court has remanded them to police custody till August 17.The accused-trio have also been involved in petty thefts in the past.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15498185", "title": "Despite ban, 3 new spots open for ecotourists", "text": "NAGPUR: Even if the Supreme Court continues its interim ban on tourism in core areas of tiger reserves, ecotourists can still breathe easy with three new destinations being readied to welcome them, when the parks reopen after monsoon, from October 1.The apex court ban applies for tiger reserves. Sanctuaries are still open for tourists. Close on the heels of Tadoba-Andhari Tiger Reserve (TATR), where a 14-km trail in Junona and Dewada is open for tourists, Pench Tiger Reserve (PTR) will begin tourism in its buffer zone from October 1.\"Even if, owing to the ban, routes in 257 sq km Pench are closed, tourists can visit Chorbahuli range of Mansingdeo Wildlife Sanctuary which falls in its buffer area. Besides this, sanctuaries like Umred-Kharangla (187 sq km) and New Bor (60 sq km) will be thrown open for tourists,\" a senior wildlife wing officials said.Of the three ranges, Mansinghdeo and Chorbahuli will be the first one to open followed by Saleghat. Officials have planned 10 routes in Chorbahuli and entry will be from Sillari in the east and from Kolitmara in the west. Plans are afoot to start non-pollution adventure tourism activity as per the government directives.\"The 10 routes, around 50-60km, are under study and a tour utilizing 50 vehicles - 15 from Kolitmara and 35 from Sillari - have been worked out. Ecotourism activity will be operated by eco-development committees (EDCs). A 20km route is also slated to be opened in New Bor Wildlife Sanctuary adjoining Bor,\" the officials said.In near future, TATR too will have eight new buffer zone routes. Some of them are Agarzari-Varvat (25km), Kesala Ghat-Pangdi (20km) and Chora-Irai (15km). These routes will be started in September-October. The initiative will also give direct economic benefits to local people.Officials said the Pench reserve will take possession of Umred-Kharangla sanctuary in September. \"There are already ready routes for tourism in the sanctuary. Minister of state for finance and planning, Rajendra Mulak, is keen on opening these routes. We've also proposed an ACF and two RFOs for the sanctuary,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15498630", "title": "Past riot probes still remain on paper", "text": "MUMBAI: Police commissioner Arup Patnaik may have equated investigation into Saturday's violence that left two dead and 63 injured with terror attack probe but a quick look at the past cases of rioting and violence show they have remained just on paper.Legal experts reckon that political pressure and lax investigations are a big hindrance in bringing the accused to book. Instead of setting examples by giving them harsh punishment, the authorities by letting the miscreants off the hook give them an impetus to continue with their wanton acts of destruction, experts said.For instance, in the Bhiwandi riots of July 2006 in which two persons died in a police firing and a mob in an act of revenge, stabbed and burnt to death two police constables, six years have passed but no progress has been made in the case. Several arrests were made and six different cases were registered. But trial is yet to commence and the matter is assigned to Thane sessions court.Lawyer and former IPS officer Y P Singh said that in several instances cases are withdrawn by the home department following political pressure. Where cases cannot be withdrawn due to the nature of the offences registered, lack of manpower to handle such cases and unavailability of the investigating officer, both pose challenges for the trial to reach a culmination.\"The public prosecutor does not get enough assistance from the police who are needed at every stage of the trial. In such cases, there are several witnesses who need to be summoned and brought to court. Even other material evidence requires the police officer's presence,\" Singh said.That is not the only case where despite strong evidence, no one has been convicted. On March 2, 2006, about 1.5 lakh protesters brought together by Muslim organizations and Left parties converged at Azad Maidan to protest against the visit of US President George Bush to India and to condemn the cartoons on the Prophet. The protesters gathered around Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus railway station, damaging private property and creating traffic disruptions. They also threw stones at buildings, shattering some window panes and damaged a BEST bus stop and pelted the CST railway station.Police sources said no arrests were made. According to noted criminal lawyer Majeed Memon, such cases need to be investigated by police who are not driven by pressure, both political or from their superiors. \"These matters must get precedence as it involves public interest and must be investigated by policemen who can discharge their duty dispassionately and with dedication. Both at the investigations and trial stage they must be treated as special cases,\" Memon said.(With inputs from Pradeep Gupta)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15503863", "title": "A virus to charge your cellphone", "text": "LONDON: Scientists claim to have developed a unique technique to harness electricity from a bacteria eating virus to power your mobile phones. A team at the University of California , Berkeley are using the virus known as M13 bacteriophage to replace toxic elements used to charge the cell phones.The virus possesses a property known as piezoelectricity, which means it can translate mechanical energy into electrical energy, the 'Daily Mail' reported.Researchers believe the discovery could pave way for mobile phones that can be charged while you walk and replace the toxic piezoelectric elements already used in mobile phones. Most mobile phone microphones are piezoelectric because they need to convert energy from sound waves into electrical output that can be transmitted and then translated back into sound waves at the other end of the line.These piezoelectric components are made out of heavy, toxic metals such as lead and cadmium, according to bioengineer Seung-Wuk Lee. M13 bacteriophage has the ability to generate electricity when compressed without the involvement of any toxic chemicals.Lee and his colleagues found that the pencil-shaped M13 virus is potentially a perfect energy source because the virus is not harmful to humans. It is also cheap and easy to make to the extent that scientists can get trillions of viruses from a single flask of infected bacteria.To improve the electricity generating power of M13, Lee's team tweaked the amino acid content of the virus's outer protein coat by adding four negatively charged glutamate molecules.\"This will bring a lot of excitement to the field,\" said Zhong Lin Wang, an engineer at the Georgia Institute of Technology .\"By utilizing the properties of these biomaterials, we can find unique applications in the future,\" Wang said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15501191", "title": "Independence Day address: Bad monsoon to pose problems in taming inflation, PM says", "text": "NEW DELHI: Deficient monsoon will pose some difficulty in controlling inflation, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said today. \"... we must control inflation. This would pose some difficulty because of a bad monsoon this year,\" Singh said in his Independence Day address.However, he said that the government has huge wheat and rice stocks and foodgrain supply is not a problem. Although inflation moderated to 6.87 per cent in July from 7.25 per cent in June, food inflation was still ruling above 10 per cent.The price rise for food articles remain quite high affecting the budget of the common households. Prices of vegetables rose annually by 24 per cent, egg, meat and fish by 16 per cent and pulses by 28.26 per cent in July. The Prime Minister said the government has taken measures to deal with the deficient rainfall.\"Our effort is to ensure that people do not face difficulty due to shortage of seeds, fodder or water in any part of the country. It is good that we have a big stock of foodgrains ... and availability of foodgrains is not a problem for us,\" he said.Monsoon, the life-line of Indian agriculture, has been deficient by 16 per cent so far, affecting the sowing of Kharif crops, like paddy and coarse cereals. Karnataka, Maharashtra, Gujarat and Rajasthan are facing drought-like situation.\"...We have taken many measures to deal with the situation. In districts where there has been a deficit of 50 percent or more in the rainfall, diesel subsidy is being provided to farmers by the government. Seed subsidy has been enhanced. Funds available under the central scheme for fodder have been increased,\" the Prime Minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15499015", "title": "Did IIT case accused wipe out evidence?", "text": "MUMBAI: On Saturday morning, when most students of the Indian Institute of Technology-Bombay we-re either in labs or at their hostels, a girl was allegedly drugged by a staffer at his quarters. What exactly happened during those two hours is still a mystery.Even more intriguing is why the institute, where the count of girl students in rising, not getting to the bottom of the story.In fact, soon after finding the 28-year-old PhD researcher in S V Rajan's cottage, the victim was shifted to the IIT-B campus hospital. The institute's security sought permission to search Rajan's quarters for evidence, for drugs that were consumed or any other substance that they could lay their hands on. Security office sources said the request was rejected.Sources added that Rajan was not even kept in confinement. He was allowed to return to his quarters and was spotted on the badminton court on Sunday morning too, when the drug abuse case had not yet made it to the media. \"He must have destroyed evidence that could have led the police to the root of the case,\" said a source.When Powai police station sleuths searched his quarters on Monday for sedatives that Rajan may have mixed in the coffee, it was too late to find anything. \"There was a 48-hour delay to register an FIR, which helped the accused wipe out evidence,\" said the investigating officer.Powai police senior inspector Bhajirao Bhosale said they did not find anything at the quarters. Incidentally, the institute did not inform the police. \"It did not follow the standard procedure to alert the police when a crime occurs. The victim was admitted to Rajawadi Hospital around 11.45 am on August 11. The hospital informed us around 5 pm, when doctors suspected it to be a crime,\" said Bhosale.IIT-B authorities said their concern was the student's well-being. \"Rajan may have destroyed proof before security broke into his quarters,\" the authorities said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15503237", "title": "Vilasrao Deshmukh played important role in Maharashtra: Anna Hazare", "text": "NEW DELHI: Anna Hazare has described the late Vilasrao Deshmukh as a \"good administrator\" whose role in Maharashtra was \"very important\".\"Vilasrao Deshmukh was a good administrator, his role in RTI Act, Gramsabha Act, Office Delay Act in Maharashtra was very important,\" Hazare was quoted as saying by his close aide Suresh Pathare on twitter.The Union minister died in Chennai yesterday after suffering from a liver ailment.It was Deshmukh who had mediated between Hazare and the government in August last year when the activist was on an indefinite fast on Lokpal Bill.However, his team had put Deshmukh in a list of 15 Union ministers, including Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , and demanded that a special team of retired judges probe allegations of corruption against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15499172", "title": "Independence Day traffic diversions in place from 6am", "text": "CHENNAI: A few traffic diversions will be in place in a few places in the city on Wednesday. They will be in force from 6am till the Independence Day celebrations are over at St George Fort.According to a press release, the stretch of Kamarajar Salai from Napier bridge to the War Memorial and the stretch of Rajaji Salai from War Memorial to RBI Subway North and Flag Staff Road will be closed for all vehicles other than those with passes. Vehicles going from Kamarajar Salai towards Parry's Corner via Rajaji Salai may go via Swami Sivananda Salai, Anna Salai, Muthusamy Bridge, Muthusamy Road, R A Mandram and NFS Road.Vehicles going from Rajaji Salai towards Kamarajar Salai may go via NFS Road, R.A. Mandram, Muthusamy Road, Muthusamy bridge, Anna Salai and Wallajah Road.Vehicles going from Muthusamy bridge/Anna Salai towards Parry's Corner/Kamarajar Salai via Flag Staff Road may go via Muthusamy Road, R.A. Mandram and NFS Road to reach Parry's corner and Anna Salai and Wallajah Road to reach Kamarajar Salai.Vehicles coming before 9 am with red passes can take Rajaji Salai and go through the 'in' gate of Secretariat and park on the Secretariat campus. Vehicles with red passes coming after 9am will go via Flag Staff Road and enter Fort St George through Wallajah Gate. They will follow the same instructions for blue pass holders.Vehicles with blue passes will go either via Flag Staff Road and Wallajah Gate or via Muthusamy Bridge, Muthusamy Road, Esplanade Road, NSC Bose Road, Parry's Corner and RBI subway to reach Secretariat 'out' gate. These vehicles will be parked on the PWD parking lot (opposite Secretariat).People in vehicles without passes will alight near War Memorial and the vehicles allowed to park at Island Grounds through Anna Salai entry.MTC buses carrying RSP and NSS students will enter Island Grounds through VIP Gate, offload the students and park on the Island Grounds premises at the designated places.Vehicles going from Rajaji Salai towards Kamarajar Salai may go via NFS Road, RA Mandram, Muthusamy Road, Muthusamy bridge, Anna Salai and Wallajah Road", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15499302", "title": "Stray dogs to be sterilized: Govt board", "text": "PANAJI: A census of stray dogs in the state; a committee to inspect slaughter houses and submission of proposals by animal welfare organizations (AWOs) to the state government for funds, were among the key issues discussed at a meeting of the state advisory board for animal welfare on Tuesday.The board headed by secretary (animal husbandry) V P Rao as chairman took up the issue of the vexing problem of stray dogs in the state. The members discussed how the canine population could be controlled and a census was felt necessary for the purpose.The secretary asked if NGOs were willing to do it. But as differentiating pet dogs from strays is a problem and the area to be covered is vast, the issue remained inconclusive.It was agreed that the stray dog population should be sterilized. NGOs functioning all over the state can be apportioned specific areas to carry out the work.The issue of illegal slaughter and killing of diseased cows also took some space in the discussion.It was suggested that incidents of illegal slaughtering of cattle can be curbed by creating awareness among consumers.The meat traders buy diseased cows, which are largely stray animals, sourced from roadside and auctioned cheap.A police official said they can book cases if cattle is treated cruelly during transportation or the stakeholders should be sensitized about the issue.Sachin Sutar, who represented the animal rescue squad, explained how activists face a dilemma in complaining about illegal slaughter. He alleged that the police try to wash off their hands, stating that it is not their job. It was mooted that SPs should be called at the next meeting to discuss a solution. The functioning of societies for prevention of cruelty to animals (SPCAs), both in North Goa and South Goa was reviewed.Though they were formed around two years back, they have neither any funds nor vehicles to carry out their work.It was felt that the state government should directly approve funds for the NGOs instead of the animal welfare board of India due to delay.Sunil Korajkar of Green Cross raised the issue of health certificates to owners of elephants by animal husbandry and veterinary services department. It was felt that the forest department should be assigned this task. The pachyderms are also 'walked'along the roads during peak hours, he said.Rao agreed to look into the matter. Angela Kazi of Panjim animal welfare society ( PAWS) explained how her NGO had booked cases of cruelty to animals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "15499551", "title": "Sarabjit expresses doubt over jail food, says sister Dalbir Kaur", "text": "AMRITSAR: Indian prisoner in Pakistan's Kot Lakhpat jail , Sarabjit Singh has expressed doubts over food served to him in jail. Dalbir Kaur, sister of Sarabjit Singh, who received a letter from him through his counsel Awais Sheikh, who arrived in India on Tuesday to participate in Hind Pak Dosti Mela told TOI that Sarabjit had complained of pain in left leg , which he believed could be due to some adulteration in food. \"He has written that his left leg is drying and he suspects over the food served to him in jail,\" she said.Alarmed over his health and any possible connivance in jail, Dalbir Kaur has appealed to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to instruct Indian high commission officials in Islamabad to immediately visit Kot Lakhpat jail and get Sarabjit's medical examination done. \"I don't firmly say that he is in danger, but according to his letter, the jail food served to him needs to be examined, besides Sarabjit Singh should get best medical treatment,\" she said.Dalbir Kaur said, Sarabjit had written that jail staff would laugh at him when he asked them to give medicines. She said Sarabjit Singh had informed that jail superintendent had also banned on meeting of Indian prisoners with him on every Saturday and Sunday. She said Sarabjit had asked to put pressure on the Pakistan government through political channel for his release.In another letter to UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi , Sarabjit Singh had appealed to her to help her family members in India to get visa so that they could visit Pakistan to meet him in jail.Meanwhile, Sheikh ruled out possibility of any connivance against Sarabjit in jail. \"He is one of most secured prisoners of jail,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "15499734", "title": "Dairy farmers in Alappuzha demand hike in milk price", "text": "Alappuzha: Dairy farmers in the district have decided to start indefinite agitation programmes against the state government demanding an increase in the price of the milk.V S Maheswaran, a dairy farmer, said the price of cattle feed is skyrocketing unlike milk. It is difficult now for the dairy farmers to make ends meet. \"Six months ago, we paid Rs 800 for one sack (70 kg) of cattle feed. But now we have to pay Rs 1,200 for the same quantity. Milk price, however, is not increasing in tune with the changes in the price of the cattle feed.Milma procures one litre milk from the dairy farmers for Rs 24. We cannot make profit with this amount so the government should fix the price as Rs 50Government should also revoke its decision that all the dairy farmers should apply for licence to the grama panchayat concerned. This results in a decline in the number of dairy farmers every yearIf the government will execute this decision, the existing dairy farmers will too stop this profession,'' Maheswaran said. The dairy farmers have constituted an association named Aggressive Dairy Farmers Association to conduct the protest against the government.Association president R Sunil said they would take out a march to the collectorate, which will start from Alappuzha district court. The date will be announced after the executive committee meeting of the association on Thursday.\"When the government is giving interest-free loans to the farmers in the state, the dairy farmers are taking loan on 13% interest. This should change and the government should execute welfare schemes for the dairy farmers in the state. The government should also take steps for the regulation of cattle feed's price,\" said association secretary A N Thilakan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15499506", "title": "Central forces instructed to implement e-procurement", "text": "NEW DELHI: At a time when the country is seized with issues relating to corruption, the ministry of home affairs (MHA) in a bid to improve transparency has asked all central government forces to implement e-procurement, where all purchases have to be done via online tendering.The process, which includes posting all tenders on the internet for easy access to all bidders, is expected to reduce administrative costs and ensure that forces get their required equipment without bureaucratic delays.The first phase of the initiative was started on Tuesday, with the Indo-Tibetan Border Police (ITBP) posting the first tender online. The e-procurement module was inaugurated by ITBP DG Ranjit Singh by putting up a tender for SMF Lead Acid Battery.Sources said, all paramilitary forces will adopt this module in a phased manner.In the case of ITBP, the module is being implemented in two phases of e-publishing and e-procurement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15500996", "title": "PM announces space mission to study planet Mars", "text": "NEW DELHI: India will send a spaceship to Mars to collect important scientific information about the Red Planet, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh announced on Wednesday.Addressing the nation from the ramparts of the Red Fort on the 66th Independence Day, Singh said the mission to Mars would mark a huge step for the country in the area of science and technology.\"Recently, the Cabinet has approved the Mars Orbiter Mission. Under this mission, our spaceship will go near Mars and collect important scientific information,\" he said.\"This spaceship to Mars will be a huge step for us in the area of science and technology,\" Singh said.He congratulated scientists and technologists who have enhanced the prestige of the country by successfully testing the Agni V Missile and launching the RISAT-I Satellite in space this year.India will be the sixth country to launch a mission to the Red Planet after the US, Russia, Europe, Japan and China.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15519691", "title": "Turkish ambassador hopes for expansion of trade with India", "text": "NEW DELHI: Turkish ambassador to India Burak Akcapar has said India needs to \"liberalise trade and remove artificial barriers\" in order to expand trade between the two countries.Speaking at an Iftar dinner organized by Turkey-based Education Endowment Trust here, Akcapar greeted Muslims on the holy month of Ramadan and was positive about the future of India-Turkey trade ties. \"Commerce is quickly developing and the trends are looking positive. Trade was up to $7 billion last year between Turkey and India, but I still feel our business is very much below potential,\" he said.\"As members of the United Nations' G20, there is big potential in both countries,\" the ambassador said. \"Turkish exports and Indian imports are complimentary to each other; we need a comprehensive economic agreement. India doesn't know how big an economy Turkey has become.\"The Turkish ambassador also put great emphasis on the increasing focus on education, with the Education Endowment Trust's plan to open its 10th school in India, to be based in New Delhi. \"Education is one of the key tools towards commerce between the nations. Not only does it help in establishing contemporary trade, but it also puts a lot of emphasis on the common heritage the two countries share between them.\"\"Our current youth is uninformed about this great heritage. This aim in establishing more educational programmes will help in fulfilling our promise and our friendship,\" Akcapar said.President of the Educational Endowment Trust, Teyfik Aydinlioglu, added: \"If we support education, it affects economic relations a lot. We established our business in India in 2005 and have set up nine schools since then, with plans to open another one in New Delhi soon.\"These state-of-the-art schools are equipped with modern facilities and put special emphasis on subject-specific learning, and Aydinlioglu said he was looking forward to Indian schools and universities setting up similar campuses in Turkey as well.\"Our Prime Minister visited India in 2008 which was followed by our President's visit in 2010, but India's last visit was 2003 from prime minister Vajpayee. We have had Vice-President Hamid Ansari visiting Turkey a few years ago as well, but we look forward to a big visit from senior Indian officials next year,\" the ambassador said.The ambassador also hoped to see a rise in footfall from tourism. \"There was a big jump in the number of tourists this year. About 73,000 Indians visited Turkey last year, so the awareness is definitely growing.\"\"But we need to capitalise on that. Currently there is a limit on the number of flights between Turkey and India - only one flight daily plying to and from New Delhi and Mumbai. We need to take it up to at least two flights daily from each centre, and start flights from new destinations as well,\" he said.(The Turkish embassy is an advertiser with Times Internet Ltd)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15498603", "title": "Mediator to settle Bandra school playground row", "text": "MUMBAI: There is nothing that cannot be resolved, said the HC on Tuesday while appointing a mediator in the dispute over the playground of Duruelo Convent at Bandra.A division bench of Justice Sharad Bobde and Justice Mridula Bhatkar was hearing a petition filed by parents of ex-students and also some former students alleging that the Society of Duruelo Carmelites, which runs the convent, had laid paver blocks on part of the 2,300-sqm playground. They alleged that the work is being funded by local Congress MLA Baba Siddiqui A division bench of Justices Sharad Bobde and Mridula Bhatkar was hearing a petition filed by parents of ex-students and also some ex-students alleging that the Society of Duruelo Carmelites, which runs the convent, had laid paver blocks on part of the 2300 square metre playground. They alleged that the work was carried out with funds from local Congress MLA Baba Siddiqui.When the matter came up for hearing, the school's advocate, Shoaib Memon, sought time to reply to the allegations in the petition that the school collected Rs 3,000 from students in 1997 to build a junior college but instead constructed a nuns dormitory. He said that none among the present management were then in office and therefore they want to check the records. He urged for deletion of this allegation before he replies to the rest of the petition. \"The tiles were laid on the periphery of the ground and it was very much essential,\" said Memon. Allowing him time to file his reply, the judges asked whether both the sides would agree to a third party mediation. The judges said the mediator will look into all the grievances of the petitioners. \"There is nothing that cannot be resolved,\" said Justice Bobde.Petitioners' advocate Pradeep Havnur suggested that counsel Rajni Iyer be appointed as mediator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15499658", "title": "Cabotage waiver to ICTT detrimental: Shipping Corp chief", "text": "KOCHI: Granting cabotage waiver to Vallarpadam transhipment terminal would be detrimental to the Indian shipping industry.Cabotage laws can be waived only if a level playing field was being provided to Indian shipping companies, said S Hajara, chairman and managing director of Shipping Corporation of India (SCI) while strongly opposing the decision to waive cabotage law.Talking to reporters here on Tuesday he said such a move would be detrimental to the Indian shipping companies which were already facing challenges on fiscal, commercial and technological regimes.Indian shipping companies have to pay higher taxes than foreign vessels currently and do not get any preference when they move cargo from international ports.Studies reveal that Indian shipping companies spend about 67 cents from each dollar they earn while foreign companies just spend one cent.Technologically also, the Indian authorities insist on tighter norms for domestic vessels than that are prescribed by the International Maritime Organisation (IMO), he said.\"It must be recalled that most of the developing countries were not relaxing Cabotage rules to protect the domestic shipping industries,'' Hajara said.He said India's target of shifting significant portion of cargo from road and railways to ships could be achieved only through effective policy interventions to strengthen the domestic shipping industry.The Indian shipping companies are not able to wrest any significant share of the country's growing exim or domestic cargo, because of the lack of support measures, he said.The SCI CMD also claimed that the Indian vessels have the capacity to carry 40,000 TEUs per month while the coastal cargo in the country is only 8,000 TEUs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15505518", "title": "Kannada flag row: State cabinet yet to take a decision on withdrawal", "text": "BANGALORE: The state government has informed the Karnataka high court that the state cabinet has not yet taken a formal decision with regards withdrawing the order directing all departments and public authorities to hoist red-yellow flag, popularly described as \"Kannada flag\" on November 1, the state formation day every year.The government advocate told the court though a decision to withdraw the fiat issued in the budget speech has been taken , a formal decision has not been taken yet by the state cabinet.Meanwhile the division bench headed by chief justice Vikramajit Sen adjourned the hearing of the PIL relating to the issue to September 11 so as to await a formal decision from the state cabinet.In April, then chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda had announced in his budget speech that hence forth, all departments and public authorities in the state are required to hoist the red-yellow flag on Rajyotsava day. However, the said decision was reportedly shelved since there is no provision for a state flag.City advocate Prakash Shetty has filed a PIL complaining about the misuse of this flag by Karnataka Rakshana Vedike and others.The petitioner has claimed that Karnataka Rakshana Vedike headed by T A Narayana Gowda is misusing the red-yellow coloured state flag as well as state emblem. He further stated that flag and emblem are being illegally used for propaganda purpose and also for individual benefit and state government had not taken any action to curb the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "15500654", "title": "Skating for the cause of girl child", "text": "Belgaum: About 20 young boys and girls from the city will go on a 16-day skating rally beginning Wednesday, the Independence Day. These school and college students have chosen this special day for a specific cause - the cause of the girl child. The 'Save the girl child' rally, organized by the Belgaum Roller Skating Academy, will be flagged off at Channamma Circle in Belgaum and pass through Maharashtra, Gujarat, Rajasthan and New Delhi. Students who have won state and national awards in skating have been chosen for this long rally, which will be headed by coach Suryakant Hindalgekar. The team will reach the Parliament in New Delhi on August 30, after covering a distance of 2,000 km. Everyday the skaters will cover a distance of 120-130km. \"The birth of a girl child is still unwelcome in families in several regions of the country. Female feticide and killing newborn girls is still a major cause of concern. More and more awareness needs to be created among the masses against this inhuman practice and educating them on the importance of bringing up a girl child, providing her good education and care,\" said Suryakant Hindalgekar, the coach.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "15497820", "title": "Bank distributes loans to beneficiaries", "text": "LOHARDAGA: United Commercial Bank (UCO) zonal manager GC Bhaumik distributed loan and assets worth Rs 71 lakh among 31 beneficiaries in a camp at its district branch near Barwa Toli Chowk here on Monday. Loans and assets were distributed under various financial schemes included cash credit, education loan, besides loan for clinic, autorickshaw and tractors.Bhaumik along with deputy circle officer M Mandal and UCO branch manager Manoj Kumar distributed keys of the assets and cheques against the amount sanctioned.Speaking on the occasion, Bhaumik said all banks had been issued instructions to focus on financial inclusion of women and give priority to loans demanded by women SHGs. \"This is because we want to uplift the socio-economic life in rural areas to help women connected to any SHG who are interested to do something to increase their income.\" he said adding that the bank has dispersed 4,429 Kisan Credit Cards worth Rs 856 crore in the state,\" he said.\"We are also encouraging small vendors to increase their income by availing loan under General Credit Card (GCC) worth Rs 25,000 each,\" he added.The Lohardaga branch of UCO will soon have ATM facility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "kokrajhar", "code": "15497970", "title": "Peace must for rehabilitation: BTC chief Hagrama Mohilary", "text": "KOKRAJHAR: BTC chief Hagrama Mohilary on Tuesday appealed to people to exercise restraint for restoring peace as it is a pr-requisite for rehabilitation of the affected people in the respective villages and solving the problem.His appeal came following the killing of three labourers in Chirang district.\"We must be able to restore complete peace and normalcy to stop recurrence of violence and shed all kinds of sense of fear and disbelief from the minds of people. We should build confidence and understanding. Then only will we be able to persuade the inmates of relief camps to return home. Security agencies will do their part and they are doing their best. It's time social organizations take active part in healing the wounds of riot-hit people,\" said Mohilary.He added that the BTC has already started working with its representatives who are going to remote areas to hold peace meetings and build an atmosphere of cooperation and trust. He said the district administration has held several rounds of meetings with leaders of organizations of all communities.\"People should be rehabilitated in their respective villages. Buildings of institutions should soon be vacated so that students can resume their studies in the right atmosphere. However, only those with valid documents of having land holding certificates, names in electoral roles be first identified and brought for resettlement in a phased manner. This will prevent illegal migrants from creating more problems,\" he added.Informing that the subject of land is under 39 powers conferred to BTC, he said he would resist resettlement of those without land papers or names in the voters' list as foreigners can't be allowed to come and disturb the relationship among people. \"Local Muslims are peacefully coexisting with others. It is only the outsiders who are fomenting trouble with ulterior designs,\" he said.He added that foolproof scrutiny arrangements must be made to ensure that immigrants can't enroll their names in the list.On the other hand, classes are yet to resume in three districts of Chirang, Kokrajhar and Dhubri as most school buildings are being used as relief camps housing lakhs of displaced people. However, classes have resumed in a few private schools in the town and on its outskirts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15497926", "title": "ABVP worried about rising inmates in Dhubri camps", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) on Tuesday expressed concern over the 'increasing' number of refugees in the relief camps where the Muslim victims of the BTC clashes are camping, especially in Dhubri district.After visiting the riot-hit areas of lower Assam, national organizing secretary of the ABVP Sunil Ambekar said the parishad smelt a conspiracy to bring in more illegal Bangladeshis into the relief camps to prove their nationality as Indian. \"There are refugees who even do not know the names of their own village. The government must check the identities of the refugees before resettling them,\" he demanded. Echoing the words of senior BJP leader L K Advani, the ABVP leaders said illegal Bangladeshis are making inroads into the BTC areas causing a threat to the indigenous people of the state. Ambekar said that the plan of the illegal Bangladeshis is to take over the cultivable land in the area for settlement and, finally, political power in Assam.\"It has come to light during our fact-finding team's visit to Kokrajhar and the adjoining violence-hit areas that the recent spat of clashes in the BTC is part of well-planned conspiracy to flush out the indigenous people of Assam by illegal migrants. Leaders like AIUDF chief Badaruddin Ajmal have a key role in this conspiracy and it (his role) should be probed,\" Ambekar told mediapersons here on Tuesday.Refusing to call the violence in the BTC areas ethnic clashes, the ABVP leader said that it is a conflict between illegal Bangladeshis and Indians.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15499590", "title": "Rinkle effect on Pak Hindus?", "text": "For 19-year-old Rinkle Kumari, the ordeal began in February 2012 when she was allegedly abducted from her village Mirpur Mathelo in Ghotki province of Pakistan. Though the case is six months old, it perhaps explains the sudden influx of over 200 Pakistani Hindus into India over the weekend, with several refusing to go back, alleging atrocities and oppression.Rinkle was allegedly forced to convert to Islam and coerced into marrying one Naveed Shah. The 'abductors' were reportedly supported by a People's Party of Pakistan member, Abdul Haq alias Mian Mitho. After a legal battle between Rinkle's parents and the 'abductors', which lasted nearly two months, the Pakistan supreme court ruled in April that Rinkle (christened Faryal Shah after the conversion) chose to live with her \"husband\" and \"embraced\" Islam of her own volition.The New York Times reported in March how the court verdict was welcomed by Mitho's supporters by firing Kalashnikovs into the air, chanting \"God is calling you\" as a burkha-clad Rinkle was paraded through the streets of Sindh. Her family filed a review petition in May. But several questions remain unanswered.Pakistani journalist Marvi Sirmed offers a timeline of the case in her blog, and points out various loopholes in the case. She reports that in March, the chief justice observed that Rinkle, who constantly cried through the in-camera proceedings, wanted to return to her parents. When directed to a shelter to make up her mind, she reportedly \"shrieked\" and pleaded to go back to her mother. Writing for the Pakistani weekly Friday Times, Sirmed notes that while she was still in police custody, a press conference was organized by an indeterminate agency, where she declared that she willingly embraced Islam. All the while a bluetooth device was stuck to her ear. She was whisked away by Mitho's supporters once the questions from the press about Islam began to get technical. Sirmed also reports that caretakers of various dargahs have opposed this action and have termed forced conversions un-Islamic.Pakistan's Express Tribune reports that forced religious conversions of Hindu women number to about 20-25 a month, and nearly 300 a year. Doubly oppressed by their minority status in both gender and religious identity, they are soft targets. This month itself, there was the case of one Manisha Kumari from Jacobabad, who was allegedly abducted and forcibly converted to Islam. There was much furore in the media last month with the televised conversion of a 20-year-old Hindu male from Karachi.For now, according to a report in Pakistani newspaper Dawn, the National Assembly's standing committee on national harmony has made recommendations to the law ministry to check forced conversions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15499977", "title": "Obama: Tell me when you meet Martians", "text": "WASHINGTON: On Monday, US President Barack Obama called Nasa's jet propulsion laboratory and congratulated the team involved with the landing of the rover Curiosity on Mars last week. Further, he asked the rover team to let him know right away if they contact any life on the red planet.\"You guys have done an outstanding job, you've made us all proud,\" the Politico quoted the president as talking to Charles Elachi , the director of JPL.\"If in fact you do make contact with Martians, please let me know right away. I've got a lot of other things on my plate, but I suspect that that will go to the top of the list. Even if they're just microbes, it will be pretty exciting,\" the president quipped. Obama further joked about Curiosity's flight director, Bobak Ferdowsi, who has become something of an internet sensation because of his mohawk hairdo. \"I, in the past, thought about getting a Mohawk myself,\" he said, adding that rocket scientists don't appear to be as nerdy they once were.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15498093", "title": "Rally in protest against Assam Accord non-implementation", "text": "GUWAHATI: Hundreds of protesters, mostly students, took out a huge rally against non-implementation of the core principles enshrined in the Assam Accord on the eve of its 27th year here on Tuesday. The protest was held under the aegis of All Assam Students' Union (Aasu).Clad in uniform, students of various educational institutions gathered in front of the office building of Aasu. They raised slogans against the Centre and the state government and alleged that they were playing with the sentiments of the people of Assam.Aasu adviser Samujjal Bhattacharjya said, \"The recent ethnic strife in western Assam was a result of non-implementation of the Accord. The question is about the survival of indigenous people in their own motherland. Twenty-seven years have passed and no results have surfaced as the borders are still porous and there has been no detection, deletion and deportation of foreigners. The threat is looming large. The indigenous people must not be allowed to become second-class citizens in their own country.\"The protest rally was held simultaneously across all districts and sub divisional headquarters. \"There will be no peace in Assam and the state will continue to face such ethnic strife until and unless the core principles are enshrined and implemented fully. Both Delhi and Dispur must think about the identity crisis of the people. We will raise a hue and cry if the government tries to give land and home to foreigners in the name of rehabilitating those who have come here on or after 1971. On August 15, the Prime Minister will hoist the flag at the Red Fort and he must address the issue and give us assurance that the principles of the Accord will be applied,\" added Bhattacharjya.On August 15, 1985, the historic Assam Accord was signed between representatives of Aasu, leaders of the erstwhile AAGSP (All Assam Gana Sangram Parishad) and the government of India under the aegis of former Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi . According to the accord, keeping all aspects of the problem of illegal influx of foreigners, including constitutional and legal provisions, international agreements, national commitments and humanitarian considerations, it was decided that 1.1.1966 will be taken as the base data and year. And those who came to Assam after that this and up to 24.03.1971 shall be detected in accordance with the provisions of Foreigners Act, 1946 and the Foreigners (Tribunals) Order 1964.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15498261", "title": "Dumped voter I-cards were originals: Government", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Most of the voter identity cards retrieved from a drain near Salia Sahi on Monday were found to be original. The government following preliminary inquiry on Tuesday said the 152-odd ID cards were prepared between 1992 and 2007, but it did not reach the beneficiaries.\"Maximum number of cards were issued in 1992, prior to delimitation of the 50-Bhubaneswar Assembly constituency. We are trying to find out why the ID cards were not handed over to the people then,\" Bhubaneswar sub-collector Saroj Samal told TOI. \"We will identify the school teachers (booth-level officers), who were assigned to distribute the ID cards among people. Action would be taken against them if found guilty,\" Samal said.While the facsimile signatures of the electoral registration officers were found to be true on some cards, government has decided to recheck the cards with the help of calligraphy experts.The sub-collector hinted at another possibility that led to dumping of the ID cards. \"After delimitation, some of the voters of the changed constituencies might have applied for fresh ID cards. They might have received new cards and dumped the old ones,\" Samal said.Two of the dumped cards belonged to Puri and Kandhamal districts. \"The private firm that printed the cards might have sent the cards of beneficiaries of Puri and Kandhamal to Bhubaneswar,\" Samal said. Recovery of ID cards sparked tension in Salia Sahi area where many people complained of not receiving voter cards till today.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "15499430", "title": "Ore scam: Faldesai surrenders", "text": "PONDA: Following the dismissal of his anticipatory bail plea by the high court of Bombay at Goa, Rajesh Faldesai, 38, a prime accused in the Collem mine ore misappropriation racket surrendered before the Collem police on Tuesday afternoon. He will be produced before the Sanguem court on Wednesday.A resident of Panaji, Faldesai had allegedly misappropriated mineral ore worth 4.62 lakh from N Agrawal Mines from Bimbal-Collem in Dharbandora between May 26 and May 30 of this year.Collem PI Jivba Dalvi said that the Faldesai is the 10th accused to be arrested in the case. So far, the police have arrested nine accused, including five truck drivers, a truck owner, two rubber stamp makers and a 17-year-old boy from Sanquelim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "15503550", "title": "Pakistan govt refuses Hindus to celebrate its Independence Day at Mazar-e Qaid", "text": "AMRITSAR: Pakistan government reportedly prevented as many as 500 Hindu families comprising of men, women and children to celebrate Pakistan's Independence Day at the Mazar-e-Qaid (tomb of the founder of Pakistan, Mohammad Ali Jinnah) at Karachi on August 14.After being refused to enter inside the precincts of tomb the Hindu's sat on road in protest and offered prayers for their country from outside the gate of tomb.This was for the first time that a large number of Hindu's had decided to hold a big function to celebrate their Independence Day , said President of Pakistan Hindu Seva, a NGO, Sanjash S Dhanja while talking to TOI on Wednesday.Patron of Pakistan Hindu Seva, Mukhi Odhamal informed that Hindus were always treated as second citizens of Pakistan. He said more than 500 Hindu families had gathered at the VIP entrance of Mazar-e-Qaid to celebrate Pakistan's Independence Day but they were stopped by the security officials to enter the tomb complex. He said they had even obtained the permission to enter from VIP gate from the management committee of Mazar-e-Qaid.He said many other persons were going inside tomb complex from same gate but at Hindus were barred from entering. \"We requested to the security officials but they didn't listen to us,\" he said.In protest Pak Hindu's sat at the street and protested in support of their demand of seeking equal rights. He said they tried to persuade the security officials that they would approach the higher officials and even inform media .\"Our leaders Pandit Vijay Maharaj Gowsawami and Rajesh Kumar Pandit, from Islamabad, offered prayers for our prosperity and development of our motherland from outside gate of the Mazar-e-Qaid,\" said Dhanja. He, however said, Hindus at times feel that they didn't have equal rights in their country and questioned, then where should they go?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15499353", "title": "Cawnpore celebrated Independence Day on Jan 26, 1930", "text": "KANPUR: The country is going to celebrate its 66th Independence Day on Wednesday. But Kanpur, which was known as Cawnpore in British era, had celebrated first independence day on January 26,1930.At 2 am in the morning, the citizens of Kanpur woke up with patriotism and enthusiasm, ready to take out a peaceful procession from Shraddhanand Park (behind Tilak Hall) and Tilak Bhoomi (presently known as Tilak Hall on Meston Road) to celebrate the first Independence Day.In an article in 'The Shankhnad Weekly' that portray the true picture of the events held on that day in 1930. A weekly magazine, which was published before Independence from Cawnpore, revealed the interesting phases from 1923 Convention at Lahore to the first parade on January 26, 1930 all across the nation and finally the brutality of the British.Gathering dust at Kanpur Museum, this write-up of 'The Shankhnad Weekly' states that in the last week of December 1923, a proposal of complete independence was put forward at the convention held in Lahore. With that, Congressmen issued directive of celebrating the first Independence Day on January 26, 1930 and ensured that celebration must continue every year on the same day.In the presence of prominent freedom fighter Ganesh Shankar Vidyarthi, people of Kanpur took part in the first such parade on January 26. 'Prabhat Pheri' (processions singing patriotic song) from different localities started to gather at Shraddhanand Park from 2 am. It was decided to start the march at 3 am.According to the article, Virbhadra Tiwari was assigned the duty to arrange thousands of people in a row. Pt Balkrishna Sharma 'Naveen', sitting on the back of a horse, led the parade and was accompanied by 'begul' players. Following him were the people from Hindustani Sewadal, Congress partyworkers and the locals.Starting at the right time, the parade proceeded from Sarafa (Bullion Market) to Moolganj (Shersingh Park) where Moolganj police station now exists, crossing Sabzi Mandi, Collectorganj, Nayaganj, Karachi Khana, Roti Godaam to Feelkhana and Sirki Mohal and finally returning to Shraddhanand Park, it ended at 7 am.Flowers were showered on people who took part in the parade. Later, when it reached Kamla Tower, Lala Kamlapati garlanded Balkrishna Sharma and Ganesh Shankar Vidyarthi.The article throws light that Ganesh Shankar Vidyarthi read the pledge which was repeated by the scores of people who attended the pledge ceremony. It was only then that the freedom movement geared up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15502168", "title": "Chief Justice of India cautions government against tinkering with judicial independence", "text": "NEW DELHI: Chief Justice of India S H Kapadia has warned the Union government against bringing judicial accountability bill in haste, saying it must not tinker with the constitutional philosophy of judicial independence.CJI Kapadia said that judges were not afraid of accountability law but the move should not harm the constitutional principles and not leave a ground for the country to regret later.\"The government may make law for making judges accountable. We are not afraid of that. But it should not tinker with the very constitutional principle of judicial independence,\" he said.Speaking on the occasion of Independence Day celebrations in the Supreme Court, he urged the government while bringing law, it should not lose sight of the concept of judicial independence.Justice Kapadia was apparently referring to the Judicial Standards and Accountability Bill which had already been passed by Lok Sabha and is pending in Rajya Sabha.A controversial clause in the bill states: \"No judge shall make unwarranted comments against the conduct of any constitutional or statutory institution or officials at the time of hearing matters in open courts during the course of hearing matters.\"The bill allows the citizens to complain against corrupt judges, but has been facing criticism for this provision which jurists says would \"virtually gag\" the judges in open courts.The Chief Justice said that the government must take the opinion of various jurists and take into account various developments around the world before making law.\"We need to make a detailed study before we tinker with the Constitution,\" he said while emphasising that any disturbance to balance of power among legislative, executive and judiciary would \"damage the Constitution for all time to come.Admitting judicial overreach, Justice Kapadia said, \"Sometimes in our anxiety to do justice, we give judgments which disturbs constitutional balance among three branches of state.\"It resulted in judicial overreach. We must keep in mind the tenets of constitutional principles(of separation of power).\"He cautioned judges against overreach, saying that \"rights and privileges are also there for other institutions which should be respected.\"These balances are getting disturbed by our judgments and the judges need to be very careful when they draft their judgments.\"The CJI said Constitution has to be interpreted in a broader sense and superficial reading of selected provisions can be misleading.\"I find in this country illiteracy as far as constitutional principles are concerned. We need more and more learning of constitutional principles and it applies to judges also,\" he said.Referring to his assuming the top post, he said that it is only in India that a person belonging to a small community can become Chief Justice which is not possible in neighbouring countries.\"I am proud to be an Indian and it is only in India that a person of Parsi community of one lakh population can aspire to be Chief Justice. Such things do not happen in our neighbouring countries. It needs to be appreciated,\" he said.(With inputs from PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15504082", "title": "No patriotic movies now!", "text": "Patriotic movies have been a staple on television channels as far as August 15 screenings are concerned. Starting from Mother India, Purab Aur Paschim, Shaheed, Roja, Border to more contemporary films like Lagaan, Rang De Basanti, Lakshya or Peepli Live, there is no dearth of Hindi patriotic movies to choose from. Unfortunately if one wants to watch a patriotic Odia movie to celebrate Independence Day, there aren't too many names that come to mind.In fact, apart from a lone Balidan that released way back in 1979, Odia directors can't name at least Odia movie that has explored the patriotic genre. While romance, comedy, action and drama are being churned out regularly, patriotic films are being given a complete miss. If pan-Indian directors can explore this genre and even make contemporary films about the state of affairs in our country, why is it that Ollywood doesn't share the same urge?Directors raise various concerns when asked about the absence of patriotic movies in the Odia film industry. According to Prashant Nanda, who directed and acted in Balidan , patriotic films are not being made in Odisha because directors now lack in originality. \"The Odia film industry has gone through a lot of changes during the 90s era. A new group of producers emerged during this time. They wanted to play safe. So, rather than risking with original scripts, they started doing remakes. That started the trend of remaking the South action or romantic hits. The trend has continued and even if you come up with an original script based on a patriotic theme, their lack of ability to visualize a film from its script prevents them from exploring this genre,\" he says. Nanda, in fact, wants to debunk the myth that the Odia audience won't accept good patriotic films. \"Directors and producers must give options to the viewers. This system can also be changed if we have multiplexes. A section of society doesn't prefer to see commercial Odia movies that are being made now. With a different script and high-quality presentation to attract them to halls, things can change. If this multiplex-crowd starts accepting Odia movies, producers will also be interested,\" Nanda says. However, director Susant Mani thinks a good patriotic film needs to be mounted well. That requires a huge budget, which the producers are not ready to give. \"Patriotic films are completely different from what we are now making in Odisha. Not only patriotic films, genres like thriller or horror remain vastly unexplored here. To break this trend and to invest in something different, both the producers and directors have to be extremely passionate about the project. Remaking Tamil or Telugu movies will take us nowhere,\" says Mani. But, budget can't always be a constraint since small films exploring contemporary social issues are being churned out in Mumbai too. Films like A Wednesday or Peepli Live have also been accepted by the Indian audience. Why can't Ollywood replicate this model? According to director Chakradhar Sahu, Ollywood should refrain from following the habit of following a formula and learn to take risks. \"Nothing good happens if you don't take any risk. If we learn to go beyond following a trend, quality movies can be made. There's actually no point in blaming only the producers. We directors have equal responsibilities to shoulder. It's very sad that only the name of Balidan comes to our mind as an Odia patriotic film. I'm sure we can do better than this,\" he muses. Sudhakar Vasanth, who is very much into the trend of remakes, thinks that the Odia film market is not big enough to make experiments. \"If you talk about a R ang De Basanti or A Wednesday , they also reap benefits from the profits that come from the overseas market. We don't have that opportunity for Odia films as yet. Making experimental films that explore genres like patriotism may sound good in theory. Ollywood doesn't have the market to recover the cost by making such movies,\" he clarifies. Opinions are divided but as things stand now, people in Odisha will have to settle for watching Hindi patriotic movies on screen today.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15499522", "title": "31 cops bag President\u2019s medal", "text": "HYDERABAD: Thirty-one police officials from the state have been awarded the prestigious police medals by the Union government on the eve of the Independence Day. Madhapur sub-inspector (SI) Shiva Kumar, who confronted three armed robbers in Kothaguda and arrested two of them, was awarded the Police Medal for Gallantry (PMG).President's Police Medal (PPM) has been awarded to director-general (Law &amp; Order) SA Huda, additional DG (Octopus) NV Surendra Babu and additional DG (Road Safety) Satyanarain. Similarly, V Shiva Kumar, SI of Madhapur police station, A Prabhu, N Anil Kumar, and N Ramoji Naik, constables with Greyhounds, were awarded the Police Medal for Gallantry (PMG).Shiva Kumar has been awarded PMG for confronting three armed robbers in Kothaguda in October, 2011. At the time of the incident, the three robbers were carrying fire arms and they even fired a few rounds at Shiva Kumar and two constables accompanying him. Shiva Kumar was carrying a service pistol and the constables were unarmed. \"I shot at the robbers and two of them were injured. We arrested the injured robbers and the one of them who fled was also arrested later. While the robbers were carrying three fire arms, we had only one weapon with us and none of our team members was injured,\" Shiva Kumar told TOI.Twenty-four police officials were awarded the Indian Police Medal (IPM) and the list includes Shankha Brata Bagchi, DIG, Greyhounds, Charu Sinha, DIG, Anantapur range, T Prabhakar Rao, SP (SIB), P Pramod Kumar, DCP, Balanagar, J Satyanarayana, SP, Guntur, J Prabhakar Rao, SP, Tirupati, E Srinivas, Principal PTC, Vizianagaram, G Vijay Kumar, Commandant III APSP battalion, Kakinada, K Nagaraju, additional commandant, 15th APSP Battalion, Khammam, P Surya Rao, DSP, Communications, Tirupati, T Subramanyam Ravi Kumar, DSP, Vikarabad, Y Venkata Ramana Kumar, DSP, CID, Vijayawada, S Raghava Rao, ACP, Vijayawada, Ch Trimurthulu, DSP Communication, APPA, N Sudhakar Reddy, inspector, Chittoor Urban, Shaik Lal Ahmad, SI, Kandukur, M Yadagiri Swamy, SI, CID, Hyderabad, T Chakradhara Rao, ASI, Khammam, Hasan Ahmed, ASI, Asifnagar, Hyderabad, P Sudershanam, head constable, Intelligence, B Jayasimha, HC, CI Cell, Sarfaraz Ali, HC, Greyhounds, K Purna Kumari, HC, Women PS, Vijayawada and B Thaviti NAIDU, SI, ACB, Hyderabad. RPF inspectors B Satish Prabhu and M Janardhan Chowdary also bagged the IPM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15500173", "title": "Ready to say sorry for wrongs: Mamata", "text": "KOLKATA: Within days of a farmer being arrested allegedly for posing uncomfortable questions to Mamata Banerjee at a public meeting, the West Bengal CM on Tuesday stressed her grassroots credentials and said she would apologize to the people if \"unknowingly something goes wrong\".Addressing a seminar organized to celebrate on the 75th anniversary of the Bengal legislative assembly, Mamata said, \"We will tell people if we have done any wrong. We don't fear money power or mafia power. As I was born one day, I will die. But every second I live, I will work. I will try to make no mistakes. If unknowingly something goes wrong \u2014 and that can happen to anyone \u2014 I will apologize to the people. Who can claim to be right always? I am only human. I have come from an ordinary home. I have almost been a vagabond and only come home to sleep at night. I have nothing to lose. The people are my strength.\"She defended the executive that she heads and made a strong pitch for accountability in all the other pillars of democracy, the politics (read legislature), judiciary and the media. On both occasions, however, she'd been at the receiving end. \"Everyone should have accountability; it shouldn't be of a few individuals only. It is not right to fix accountability only on one; not others,\" she added.The CM didn't spare the quasi-judicial bodies. In an oblique reference to the West Bengal Human Rights Commission's censure on the earlier cartoon fiasco, Mamata said: \"There are some commissions that summon senior officers and keep them busy for hours together. Shouldn't they have accountability too?\"But it was her statements that court judgments can be bought that raised hackles in the legal fraternity. High court lawyer Subrata Mukherjee said the chief justice of the Calcutta high court should take note of the speech and take action against her. However, other senior lawyers pointed out that the CM carefully chosen the assembly to make her comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "15499573", "title": "No respite for Jayarajan, Rajesh", "text": "KANNUR: The judicial first class magistrate court here on Tuesday extended the remand of CPM district secretary P Jayarajan till August 27, and also rejected the bail plea of DYFI state secretary and MLA, T V Rajesh, who was sent to the central prison after he surrendered on Monday.The court extended the remand after considering the police report. The high court observed that the accused could influence the witnesses in the case.Judicial first class magistrate C Mujeeb Rahiman rejected the bail plea of Rajesh in the afternoon after hearing the arguments from both the sides for more than one hour in the forenoon.Special public prosecutor C K Sreedharan, who later interacted with the media, said the court considered various grounds to reject the bail application of Rajesh, especially the observation of the high court while rejecting his anticipatory bail plea.The high court had observed that the defendant is an MLA and the state secretary of a youth organization and hence he might influence the witnesses, and the prosecutor presented this observation before the JFCM. Meanwhile, lawyer B P Saseendran, who appeared for both the accused, said they would approach Kerala high court.Both the leaders are in judicial remand in connection with the murder of Muslim Youth League leader Abdul Shukkoor, who was killed allegedly by a group of CPM workers on February 20 at Ariyil near Pattuvam in the district.The case against them, under Section 118 IPC, is that they did not prevent the murder, despite coming to know about the conspiracy, which was hatched in the Cooperative hospital at Thaliparamaba, where both the leaders were admitted on the day of the murder following the attack on them earlier the day during their visit to Ariyil. Both Jayarajan and Rajesh are named as 38th and 39th accused in this case.Meanwhile, DYFI state president M Swaraj said that DYFI would observe next week as 'Democracy Protection Week', to protest against the arrest of Rajesh. Addressing a press conference here, Swaraj said various programmes would be organized as part of this campaign at all the district centres against the alleged politicizing of the police by the UDF government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15498200", "title": "Marbat, badgya organizers worried over potholes", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as revelry over traditional marbat and badgya procession has set the festivity tone in the old city areas of east and north Nagpur, organizers have expressed serious concern over potholes that may prove to be hurdles in the procession, taken out on the occasion of 'Tanha Pola'.Last year, the procession was delayed as 128-year-old Pivli marbat taken out by the Tarhane Teli Samaj, Jagnath Budhwari, got stranded after wheels of the cart carrying the marbat got stuck in potholes at several places.Prakash Gaurkar and Vijay Khopde, president and secretary respectively of the Pivli Marbat Committee, said this year too the situation is bad. There are potholes at many places on the route from where the marbat will pass through.Gaurav Harde, president of the 132-year-old Kali Marbat Utsav Samiti, Nehru Putla, too expressed similar concerns. \"Kali marbat weighs around 250kg. It is carried by trained workers. Last year, these workers stumbled over these potholes amid huge crowd,\" said Harde.The Kali and Pivli marbats, along with a dozen badgyas - effigies made out of cardboard, bamboo and waste paper highlighting burning issues grappling the society, are star attractions of the procession viewed by thousands from the city amid shouting of slogans \"gheun jaa ge marbat (take away all ills from the society).\"The festivity at Pivli and Kali marbat temples has already began. Hundreds of women devotees are offering prayers daily. As the office-bearers have changed hands with old ones being replaced by the youths, the focus of celebration is also getting a new meaning.\"For the first time, four-day social and cultural events have been organized including 'Little Champs', a Marathi songs' contest for budding 20-year-old singers from the city. A 'khada tamasha' (folk art) has also been organized on Friday. On Saturday, the procession will start at 10am,\" said Harde.Gaurkar said the Pivli marbat celebrations have already started from Monday. The events will include national and devotional songs' programme. On Saturday, the procession will be inaugurated at 9am by Jan Manch chief Anil Killor.Last year, the badgyas and marbats sent out a message against corruption and joined hands with social worker Anna Hazare. This year too, corruption and inflation will be the main issues. Gaurkar says, \"Plight of cooperative banks and how people lost money owing to faulty government policies will be our theme.\"\"Our protest will be against the UPA government which has failed to arrest inflation. Fuel, food and LPG price hike have made life difficult for the common man,\" said Pradeep Borikar, convener of the 41-year-old Chhatrapati Shivaji Park Badgya Utsav Samiti, Itwari Maskasath.The procession will pass through Pachpaoli, Golibar Chowk, Maskasath, Nehru Putla, where both the Kali and Pivli will meet at 11am. The rally will later pass through Itwari Shahid Chowk, Gandhi Putla, Badkas Chowk, Kotwali, Mahal, Gandhi Gate, Agrasen Chowk, Ganjakhet and Tandapeth, where it will be burned. The Kali marbat procession will end at Bagadganj.A mix of patriotism and religionThe marbat utsav in Nagpur is over 150 years old. It actually started taking shape in 1885, when Indian National Congress (INC) came into being. During the same time, Lokmanya Tilak promoted Ganesotsav to unite people against the British. The 'Chale Jao' call given by Mahatma Gandhi against Britishers was effectively spearheaded through the marbat procession by the Tarane Teli Samaj. In 1885, two brothers - Aaapaji and Batanji Khopde were the first to take out the procession of Pivli marbat around four feet then. It was to protest against atrocities on people by the Britishers. From 1914, a 20-feet marbat is being made. There's also mythological significance to the festival. The Pivli and Kali marbat depict demon Kans' maternal aunt Putna, who attempted to kill Lord Krishna on the Pola day. The Kali marbat also symbolizes protests against Bhonsle queen Bakabai, who was responsible for British entry in Nagpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15501807", "title": "Punjab govt starts recruitment of school teachers", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab Government has started a recruitment process for 8000 school teachers across the state, education minister Sikander Singh Maluka said here on Tuesday.\"The state government is committed to provide education to every child. To meet this target the government has asked for data of vacant posts in schools\", he told reporters here.To ensure 100 per cent attendance of teachers in schools, the education department has constituted teams which would randomly check the presence of teachers in their schools, examine the admission record of schools, besides the quality of mid-day meals, Maluka said.He also said that it was found that some teachers had shown bogus admissions in their schools to save their postings and this would be dealt with strictly.Strict action would also be taken against teachers who could not produce good results from their students, said Maluka.Orders had been issued to all higher officials to ensure that no teacher took part in political activities, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15500049", "title": "Four IPS officers promoted to ADG rank", "text": "PATNA: The departmental promotion committee of the state government has cleared the names of four IPS officers of 1986 and 1987 batches for promotion to the rank of additional DG rank. The officers who have been considered for promotion are IG (Darbhanga zone) Rakesh Mishra, ('86 batch), IG (Muzaffarpur) Gupteshwar Pandey, IG (provision) Sunil Kumar and Dinesh Singh Bisht ('87 batch). These officers are likely to be promoted by the end of this month. Meanwhile, ADG (wireless) Rajesh Ranjan is likely to join as chief vigilance officer of Gas Authority of India Ltd (GAIL).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15502210", "title": "I will always be there for Deepika: Sidhartha Mallya", "text": "Globetrotting young entrepreneur Sidhartha Mallya has not broken ties with former girlfriend Deepika Padukone . Though they aren't seeing one another he continues to look out for her . In fact during this conversation he admits he has met her recently.\"Yes, I did bump into her recently. She is still a very close friend.I will always,repeat ALWAYS, be there for her.I congratulated her for Cocktail. I was so happy to her being so happy.\"Sid is on top of the world about Deepika's triumph in Cocktail. \"I'm so happy the film has done so well. I haven't seen it.I was happy for the film doing well. But over and above that I was happy that her performance was unanimously singled out for praise .She deserves it. She's a very very hard-working girl. I am so glad her good work is finally paying off.I will always wish her all the best. And anytime she needs me I will be there for her.\"But at the moment Sidhartha describes himself as \"very single\". \"I haven't planned it that way. One can't plan such things. Until another relationship comes along I am single. I didn't plan to be in a relationship and I didn't plan to be single either. It just happened.\"Shockingly Sid who's seen in the company of some of our most beautiful actresses doesn't watch Hindi films. And he isn't abashed to admit it. \"I can't remember the last Bollywood film I watched. I think it was Desi Boyz . That was a screening arranged by Deepika. Besides that...I can't pretend to be enamoured by Bollywood movies, though I am being offered roles in Bollywood all the time. I got my first Bollywood offer when I was 17.If I wanted I could have been a Bollywood actor years ago. But sorry, I'll pass. I don't think I can do justice to Hindi cinema. In my view the sensibilities of Hindi cinema are very different from mine. I don't think Hindi movie-going audiences would be able to connect with me.I think my career would've followed a different course if I had grown up in India. But because I grew up abroad and I was living in London , then I went to boarding school,it was a different world for me.\"However Sid Mallya is not averse to modelling. He walked the ramp in Delhi on Saturday night and loved the experience. \"Modelling is something that again I've been approached to do for many years.When this opportunity came to me I took it. I am glad I did. I had so much fun.If I get another chance I'd do it again. Why not? I don't believe in turning my back on anything.\"However filmmaking is not something Sid is putting aside. \"I did a television series for my IPL team called No Boundaries. That was entirely my brainchild. A lot of people saw that and were impressed. They also saw me on Simi Garewal's show. I was told I've a screen presence. Thereafter I got so many offers to take No Boundaries further. Television channels offered to let me host my own television show. I haven't discounted a career on any medium. But I am not jumping into anything. Because if I wanted to rush I'd have beea Bollywood hero long back.I'll take a call soon.\"He is at the moment in the exploratory mode. Tell him he is going through the process of confusion and discovery, and the young Mallya scion protests, \"I won't say I'm confused. In the position that I am I look around , travel and discover the things that interest me.I've time to find myself. I'm only 25. I am evaluating all my options and then I'd be choosing a direction.\"Call him the boy with the golden spoon and Sid doesn't flinch. \"I want to be remembered for myself, and not just the family name. There are so many occasions in my life when the name 'Siddharth' is more important than 'Mallya'.Dad has achieved wonders. But I am not interested in just being known as someone's son. I am very proud to be his son. But I don't want to be known as the boy with the golden spoon. I want to be remembered for what I achieve on my own. I am very fortunate to be born a Mallya. But it does come with a lot of baggage.\"Sid says the slump in his father's airline business has nothing to do with him. \"I've nothing to do with the airline. Just see what's happening . There's a genuine public outrage. But you should see see the messages I get on twitter about the airline. Almost as though it's my fault!So while it's glamorous and seductive to be born where I am it also comes with its own disadvantages.\"Sid did look after the family's IPL team. \"And that was a lot of work. Running a professional sports team is not a joke. At that time I was just 23. How many 23-year olds do such a thing?\"Tell him he has made himself unpopular on Twitter with his abrasive remarks and Sid retorts, \"If you're alluding to what happened with my IPL player( Luke Pomersbach ) what I said was misunderstood.I did what was correct. I just stood up for Luke. As for Ayesha Takia , let me reiterate I didn't know who she was. I don't watch Bollywood films. I genuinely didn't know who she was.If that's a crime then I am guilty.I wasn't being mean. I wasn't trying to put her down.\"Then Sid reasons practically, \" I can't be that unpopular because 300,000 people follow me on Twitter. Maybe this has to do with my UK upbringing or my boarding school background. But I'm a huge believer in speaking the truth.I've never been someone to mince words. I cannot stand people who just say things to please people. I believe in saying what I feel like saying. If that upsets some people, fine.If people don't like what I've to say it is more their problem than mine. If people on Twitter don't like what I've to say then they shouldn't follow me.\" At the moment Sidhartha is back in India. \"There are so many opportunites presenting themselves to me. And I want to look at all of them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15500427", "title": "Plane hijack threat keeps cops on toes", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Chandigarh police went into a tizzy after receiving a threat regarding hijacking of a plane from the local airport. The Intelligence Bureau (IB) gave this information which was also shared with the Central Industrial Security Force (CISF).The IB has also cautioned Chandigarh police about activities of foreigners who might create trouble. It has given a list of foreigners under suspicion here and the police is keeping a tab on their activities.Both the police and CISF are on high alert and heavy force has been deployed both inside and outside the airport. A meeting was held between airport officials and senior cops on Tuesday morning.\"Such threats normally come before important functions like Independence Day or Republic Day or during festivals but there is nothing to worry about. A meeting was held with airport officials to discuss the security arrangements and everything is in place,\" said a senior police official here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15498897", "title": "Non-gazetted officers dominate gallantry award", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh Police is all set to witness a new trend in awarding of President's medal for gallantry this Independence Day.It is for the first time in recent memory that six of the seven gallantry awards will be given away to police officers from non-gazetted ranks.As per the list of awards to be given away on the occasion on Wednesday, as many as seven officers from Uttar Pradesh Police will be decorated with one of the most prestigious medal that a security personnel can hope for - President's Medal for Gallantry - awarded for exemplary courage shown while discharging one's duties.The list of achievers include Commandant of 33 Battalion PAC Deepak Ratan, Inspector Chaman Singh Chawdha, Sub Inspectors (SIs) Anil Kumar Kaparwan and Prashant Kapil along with constables Aditya Kumar Bhati, Pushpendra Shukla and Naresh Kumar. Others who will be decorated with the President's medal for distinguished service include Additional director general of police (ADG), power, Jawed Akhtar, inspector general of police (IG), Meerut Zone, Jawahar Lal Tripathi, IG, Police Headquarters Allahabad, Rajendra Pal Singh, IG Establishment at Director General of Police ( DGP) headquarters, Rajesh Rai, and deputy superintendent of police (DSP), Unnao, Devi Dayal Chaturvedi. This medal is awarded to officers for discharging a fixed tenure of their services delegently and extraordinarily.This apart, 73 police officers and subordinates will also be decorated with police medal for meritorious services.Police symbols will also be given out to 25 non-gazetted ranks for meritorious services and another 100 for distinguished services. The award will be given out to all the shortlisted police officers and policemen on the occasion of the Independence Day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15505514", "title": "Android extends lead in smartphone market: Gartner", "text": "LONDON: Google's operating system, Android has extended its lead in the smartphone market, as Apple's sales were stalled ahead of the launch of its new iPhone 5, according to new research.Industry analysts at Gartner claimed that Android was installed on 64.1 per cent of smarphones sold worldwide in the second quarter, compared to 43.4 per cent a year ago, as opposed to 18.8 per cent of Apple's smartphone operating system market share.Android's sales benefited from the decline of Nokia's largely abandoned smartphone operating system, Symbian and BlackBerry's Research In Motion (RIM), whose market share was more than halved, from 11.7 percent to 5.2 per cent, the Telegraph reports.According to the research, Apple's smartphone operating system market share in the second quarter was 18.8 per cent, up slightly from 18.2 per cent a year ago. Gartner said iOS users appeared to be holding off purchasing a new device before the expected introduction of the iPhone 5 in September.The study also showed that Microsoft's slow response to the smartphone boom continued, with shares of Windows Mobile growing from 1.6 per cent to only 2.7 per cent.On the manufacturing side, Apple and Samsung maintained their rivalry ahead of other players such as HTC and Huawei, the paper said.\"Samsung and Apple continued to dominate the smartphone market, together taking about half the market share, and widening the gap to other manufacturers,\" the paper quoted analyst Anshul Gupta, as saying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15502232", "title": "Asad Rauf admits pictures with Indian model real, but denies relationship", "text": "MUMBAI: Pakistani cricketer-turned-umpire Asad Rauf, who has been accused of sexually exploiting Indian model-starlet Leena Kapoor, admitted that pictures with her are real, but denied having any relationship with her.In an interview to a Pakistani paper, Rauf said that Kapoor forced him into recommending her for TV show 'Bigg Boss' as he had good Bollywood connections. Rauf then decided to end his friendship with the starlet.But Kapoor, who has filed a case against Rauf with Mumbai police, said that he was in touch with her till May this year. She said that Rauf even visited her at her Versova residence. She said Rauf met her in Sri Lanka last year.Speaking to TOI, Kapoor said: \"I was on holiday with my friend. Rauf saw me at a pub where we got introduced and he had been in touch with me since then. He has even stayed over at my place and now he denies his relationship.\"Rauf has been coming to India for several cricket tournaments, including the Indian Premier League, during which Kapoor alleges they had a relationship.The 21-year-old model has filed a written complaint with deputy commissioner of police (Zone 6) Pratap Dighavkar, in which she claims she had a six-month affair with the 56-year-old umpire, which was prolonged only because he promised that they would soon get married.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15499366", "title": "Group meets CM, ups the ante on special status for Goa", "text": "PANAJI: A delegation of the Movement for Special Statusfor Goa (MSSG) met chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Tuesday and submitted a memorandum to him regarding special status to Goa under Article 371.The delegation was led by MSSG convenor Antonio Lobo and included 11 members. Alina Saldanha, forest and environment minister and Francis D'Souza, revenue minister, also joined the delegation.Lobo said that the chief minister was supportive and thanked the delegation for bringing to his notice important points that would strengthen Goa's case for special status.In the course of the 35-minute interaction, Parrikar told the group not to raise their hopes too high as it would be difficult to get special status for the state as there are other states in India making similar demands.But he agreed that Goa had a special case as it was made part of the Indian union much later than the other states. Lobo said that then PM Jawaharlal Nehru had promised special status to the state to protect its unique identity.Parrikar told the group that he would get the BJP to support the demand for special status to the state and asked the group to help with measures to protect the land.When asked whether the group felt the chief minister was sincere on the special status issue, Lobo said, \"We have to go with faith at the moment.\" He added that the group has been formed with the specific purpose of attaining special status to Goa and included individuals irrespective of political affiliation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15500153", "title": "Government bows, shunts out BMTF chief", "text": "BANGALORE: Capitulating to the blackmailing tactics of BBMP engineers, the government on Tuesday transferred Bangalore Metropolitan Task Force (BMTF) IGP RP Sharma. Sharma, who is yet to be given a new posting, was replaced by P Ravindranath, who was the IGP (excise enforcement).Acting on complaints from people, BMTF had taken up building bylaw violations and filed cases against several BBMP engineers. Palike officials had accused BMTF of indulging in a witch hunt and filing FIRs without holding an inquiry.BBMP staffers had also struck work for four days last week, resulting in garbage dumps piling up across the city, raising the possibility of an epidemic breakout.Sharma told TOI his transfer was premature. \"I don't want to say whether this move is good or bad. But it's a premature transfer, and contrary to the affidavit filed in the Supreme Court by the state government, stating that DGP and IG rank police officials have a fixed tenure of two years,\" said Sharma.The transfer order, though, has brought cheer in the BBMP officers' and employees' union. \"The BMTF unnecessarily filed chargesheets against BBMP engineers. We had decided to begin protesting again from August 16 but have withdrawn it now. The government has also promised that the additional powers of prosecution given to the BMTF will be withdrawn shortly,\" the union said in its official release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "panaji/new delhi", "code": "15499460", "title": "Centre asks Goa for tiger reserve proposal again", "text": "PANAJI/NEW DELHI: The proposal for a tiger reserve in the Mhadei wildlife sanctuary received yet another roar of approval in Parliament, but it appears the issue may continue to hang fire in the state.On Tuesday, Union minister for environment and forests, Jayanthi Natarajan , spelled out the Centre's initiative for conservation of the big cats in the country. In her written reply, she said in-principle approval has been accorded to five tiger reserves in the country, while Goa and four more states have been asked to submit proposals for tiger reserves.Former Union environment minister Jairam Ramesh had first sounded out then Congress chief minister Digambar Kamat regarding the proposal on June 28, 2011.But the issue was left hanging. The state's present BJP chief minister, Manohar Parrikar told TOI, \"The state will decide on the matter at the appropriate time.\" He declined to discuss the issue further. Forest minister Alina Saldanha had recently said there is no proposal with the state to declare Mhadei as a tiger reserve.The other states asked to send their tiger reserve proposals are Maharashtra (Bor, Nagzira-Navegaon), Uttar Pradesh (Suhelwa), Chattisgarh (Guru Ghasidas National Park) and Tamil Nadu (Sriviiliputhur Grizzled Giant Squirrel/Megamalai Wildlife Sanctuaries/Varushanadu Valley).The National Tiger Conservation Authority has given in-principle approval for tiger reserves in Pilibhit (Uttar Pradesh), Ratapani (Madhya Pradesh), Sunabeda (Odisha), Mukundara Hills (Rajasthan) and Satyamangalam (Tamil Nadu). The proposed Mukundara Hills Tiger Reserve constitutes three wildlife sanctuaries, including Darrah, Jawahar Sagar and Chambal.Natarajan said country-level tiger population, estimated once in every four years using refined methodology, has shown an increasing trend. In 2010, the population was estimated as 1,706, with lower and upper limits being 1,520 and 1,909 respectively. The same is an up from 2006's estimation of 1,411-the lower and upper limits being 1,165 and 1,657 respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15499035", "title": "Three men arrested for land grabbing", "text": "CHENNAI: Central Crime Branch (CCB) police arrested three people on charges of forging documents and taking possession of a land worth 75 lakh at Thiruvottiyur on Monday.Police arrested Umapathy, 32, of Kaladipet, Kumaran, 32, of Tondiarpet and Panchacharam, 52, of Chinnamettupalayam, based on a complaint from Shakunthala, 61, of Kaladipet.Police said the trio produced a fake power of attorney and tried to sell the land to a businessman Jaffer Meeran and subsequently registered the land in a sub-registrar's office.Interrogations revealed that the trio forged the signature of the owner. The three accused have been remanded them in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "silchar (assam)", "code": "15502569", "title": "Girl gang-raped in Assam", "text": "SILCHAR (ASSAM): Close on the heels of molestation of a girl outside a Guwahati bar, another student from the city was allegedly gang-raped in Silchar, police said on Wednesday.The first year degree student of Silchar Women's College was going for private tuitions from her hostel when she was forcibly picked up by four persons in a car on the night of August 11.They took her to the remote Kumbhirgram Airport road and allegedly raped her.The girl, hailing from Uzan Bazaar area of Guwahati, has filed an FIR with the Silchar police station on Tuesdday naming the four accused including an advocate Dibyendu Jyoti Konwar.The accused had threatened her of \"dire consequences\" if she goes to the police but after getting support from her mother and sister, who rushed from Guwahati, they filed the FIR.Police has launched a manhunt to nab the culprits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15499966", "title": "For them, it is all about freedom of expression", "text": "INDORE: Even as India celebrates 66th Independence Day on Wednesday, for the city youngsters, the significance of the day lies in the word 'freedom.'\"Independence is all about expressing one's way the way he or she feels,\" says an engineering student Sameer Neema, adding we are no more slaves and we are free to do anything we wish that is good for the country and for the self.\"We should also be indebted to those who sacrificed their lives for the cause of freedom,\" he said.According to another student Heena Nankani, freedom is to empower the girls.\"Freedom for girls is merrily enjoying a day with friends not worrying about what people or society thinks about them and not harassed by the eve teasers.Anuraag Pandey, another DAVV student says, \"Independence defines my lifestyle. It makes me what I am today and enables me to take my own decisions and allow me to learn from my own mistakes. I can protest everything which I don't like. Had I been to countries like Myanmar and China, I would not have enjoyed the non-democracy over there. So, I feel proud that I am a part of this nation.\"Independence is freedom to live, freedom to think, and freedom to express. As I am a media student, therefore I think that it is important for us to express ourselves freely,\" Alpansh Banerjee, a student, said.He will sing patriotic songs on Independence Day at DAVV.Anukriti Bajaj, A Bsc student says, \"Freedom is about the feeling that no body can stop you from doing right things. Freedom is about knowing your talent and skills. Nowadays, education system has advanced and we have the freedom of studying through video conferencing and other ways, breaking the barriers of geography.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15498669", "title": "File FIR against those who de-sealed borewells: Haryana Urban Development Authority", "text": "GURGAON: Three industrialists based out of Sector 18 might face criminal action for using borewells that had been previously sealed.Following Punjab and Haryana high court's order, the Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) had started sealing illegal borewells in the city. HUDA sources said that borewells that had been sealed two months ago were used for commercial purposes by the industrialists, despite being instructed otherwise.Earlier this month, the HUDA office was informed that the factory owners were drawing water after breaking the seals of borewells. Acting on a tip off, a HUDA team reached the factory premises and discovered that the borewells were being illegally used.\"It was clearly evident that they got the borewells de-sealed and had started drawing water,\" said a HUDA official who was a part of the team.The HUDA has now written to the police to register an FIR and initiate criminal proceedings against the factory owners. Moreover, the HUDA continued with its sealing drive in several parts of the city on Tuesday.Over 18 borewells were found to be functioning in different sectors. HUDA officials have sealed the borewells that were used for construction purposes.Recently, the HUDA had sealed borewells in institutional areas in Sector 32 and next in line would be the malls and individual residences. Alarmed at the depleting ground water level in Gurgaon, the court had ordered the city administration and civic agencies to seal all the illegal borewells in the city. \"Details of all the sealed borewells in the city will be compiled and then submitted in the court during the next hearing,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15499456", "title": "Outdated passes expose airport security loopholes", "text": "KOLKATA: The security at the airport has been beefed up following intelligence alert on infiltration of terrorists and possible attempts to hijack flights. However, a chink has appeared in the airport's armour with security agencies failing to renew the entry passes of 1,200-odd contractual employees who work in the airport.With the Airports Authority of India and Bureau of Civil Aviation Security (BCAS) in the midst of rolling out the online pass processing system, the passes that expired on July 31 have been extended only for a month. An intelligence agency official said use of passes beyond the expiry date at a high security zone like the airport amounted to security threat.Airport director BP Sharma, however, denied that the delay in issue of fresh passes was a security hazard. \"The online pass processing system is currently in trial phase and will be streamlined by this month-end. Once functional, agencies that provide staff will be able to apply online. We are currently collecting the data and photographs of the staffers. Once this is done, passes will be prepared and sent to BCAS for online approval. The entire process will be expedited,\" Sharma said.Sources said a series of measures have been put in place, including surveillance and checks of vehicles and passengers arriving at the airport. On the eve of Independence Day, CISF and police jointly searched vehicles entering the airport on Tuesday.Passenger and baggage screening has also been tightened. At the entrance to the terminals, random checks were conducted on Tuesday on passengers and their luggage. \"Passenger profiling is being done outside the terminal. Baggage of those passengers who fit certain profiles are opened and searched physically at the entrance. Thereafter, the usual X-ray screening of registered and cabin baggage is carried out. The cabin baggage is then physically checked by CISF personnel. Prior to boarding, airline security is checking the baggage physically for the last time,\" a source at the airport said.Though these multiple checks are time consuming, the low load factor has ensured that there is no delay. \"Had the flights been full, they would have been delayed because the two-three additional checks require at least five more minutes per passenger,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15499489", "title": "12-yr-old boy commits suicide", "text": "KANPUR: A 12-year-old boy committed suicide on Tuesday afternoon by hanging himself in his house in Defence Colony, under the limits of Chakeri police. No suicide note has been recovered from the spot but his parents and siblings have hold two of shopkeepers of the area responsible for the tragic incident as they were allegedly harassing him.Ritesh was a student of Class VI at Harjindernagar Inter College.Son of Ram Pal, a peon at a private school, the boy was alone at home when he took the extreme step.When his parents and siblings returned, they entered the room by breaking open the doors and saw Ritesh's body hanging from the ceiling. They alerted neighbours, who helped them to shift Ritesh to the nearby hospital. He was declared dead by the doctors.The police are investigating the cause of provocation that led to boy taking the extreme step. The role of two neighbouring shopkeepers who had been threatening Ritesh to file a fake case of theft against him, is being investigated.The shopkeepers run a paan and footwear shop in the vicinity.\"On Tuesday while he was roaming in the vicinity of his house, the two shopkeepers identified as Chunnu, who owns a footwear shop and Govind Narain Tripathi, who runs a paan shop had again threatened my son Ritesh. Humiliated, he left the place and committed suicide by hanging himself from the ceiling,\" said Ram Pal, his father.The statements of the family members will be recorded. \"We will also interrogate the two shopkeepers to know the facts and book them for abetment to suicide if they are found to be involved in harassing the boy,\" said a police official at the Chakeri police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15499165", "title": "10% of biometric devices may not meet August 15 deadline", "text": "NASHIK: After tribal development minister Baban Pachpute announced the installing of biometric devices at all ashramshalas and tribal schools, the department is struggling to ensure that the attendance of every student, teacher, employee and official is recorded electronically at their respective areas on August 15 as data of about 10% of the establishments is still being prepared.According to an official, every project officer has been given the responsibility to ensure that the biometric attendance is recorded on August 15 and accordingly the machines to all 3,177 establishments have been provided. The data is still being uploaded in fifty odd- establishments.\"In more than 50% of the establishments attendance is already being recorded through biometrics and data of almost all schools and establishments is readyOnly in case of fifty-odd schools and establishments - in the remote areas - the work on data was nearing completion,\" joint commissioner D K Panmand said. In the Nashik project office, biometric devices were installed in 40 of 41 government schools and 25 of 27 hostels and arrangements in the rest of the establishments were nearing completion, another official said.The official also pointed out that there were some remote areas where the data would have to be collected through pendrives and updated at the centres for project officers to record the same. Hence whether the machines are functional in these areas would only be known in a fortnight.The tribal department has 552 government ashram Schools, 556 aided ashram schools and 475 government hostels. Along with the 29 offices there 1,612 establishments. The biometric devices have been set up at the rate of 200 entries per device and accordingly 3,177 devices have been provided.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15497790", "title": "Jharkhand asked to set up skill development units", "text": "RANCHI: Chairman of the National Skill Development Corporation (NSDC) M V Subbiah on Tuesday suggested the government to focus on development of skill of local artisans and youths to expedite the growth process of the state.The NSDC chairman asked the state government to take help of local organizations, especially corporate houses, in setting up skill development centres to hone the skill of traditional artisans and unemployed youths.Sources in the chief minister's secretariat said the suggestions were made by the NSDC chairman during his meeting with chief minister Arjun Munda . Secretaries of most of the departments, which are linked with welfare and public activists, were present in the meeting. The NSDC's monitoring head Jaikant Singh was also present in the meeting.\"The state should develop low cost training model with help of corporate houses for youths,\" said Subbiah.Stressing on the urgent need for skill development centres in rural areas of the state, the chief minister asked the officials to prepare a blueprint at the earliest. \"In the time of growing challenges, we need to hone the skill of every youth by providing necessary training and our emphasis should be on providing them training at grassroots level,\" said Munda at the meeting. He also asked the secretaries to create job opportunities for skilled youths near their place of residence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15498860", "title": "Assam accord needs a relook, says President", "text": "NEW DELHI: President Pranab Mukherjee on Tuesday joined the chorus of concern over continuing communal conflagration, asking for a relook at the Assam accord that late prime minister Rajiv Gandhi had signed with agitators protesting against the influx of illegal Bangladeshi immigrants.Delivering his maiden Independence Day-eve speech where he also cautioned against attempts of civil society campaigners to arrogate unto themselves the power to make laws, Mukherjee expressed pain over the raging violence in Assam, suggesting that the agreement between the Rajiv Gandhi government and anti-Bangladeshi protesters may have to be reconfigured in order to be relevant.\"It is particularly painful for me to witness the violence in Assam. Our minorities need solace, understanding and protection from aggression. Violence is not an option; violence is an invitation to greater violence. Concrete attempts have been made to heal the wounds of Assam.\"As the President stressed the need for peace to facilitate economic growth that would eliminate the competitive causes of violence, he also struck a note of caution against civil society's attempt to wrest law-making powers from the legislature. He empathized with the resentment against corruption which he likened to an epidemic, but said \"it cannot become an excuse for an assault on our democratic institutions\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-15"}
