{"city": "seoul", "code": "12422402", "title": "After US prod, China to warn N Korea", "text": "SEOUL: The security summit that began here on Monday was supposed to be an opportunity for president Barack Obama and other leaders to find ways to keep nuclear material away from terrorists. So far, North Korea has upstaged that agenda.On Monday, China expressed \"serious concern\" to its ally North Korea about a planned rocket launch, a US official said after talks between president Barack Obama and president Hu Jintao .The leaders met a day after Obama made an unusually blunt appeal to Beijing to get tougher with Pyongyang.Numerous nations have strongly criticized the launch set for mid-April. The nucleararmed North insists it will only put a satellite into orbit, while its opponents say it will test missile technology that could deliver a warhead.The Chinese \"have indicated to us that they take this very seriously, that they've registered their concerns with the North Koreans,\" said Ben Rhodes, a deputy national security adviser. \"The two leaders agreed to coordinate closely in responding to this potential provocation and registering our serious concern to the North Koreans and, if necessary, consider what steps need to be taken following a potential satellite launch,\" he said. Given China's influence, Obama \"felt it was very important for us to be working closely with China and for China to be sending a very strong message to North Korea,\" Rhodes said.Hours earlier, Obama warned North Korea and Iran that their options were few and their friends fewer as those nations refuse to back down from actions the world sees as menacing. \"By now it should be clear,\" Obama said at Seoul's Hankuk University. \"Your provocations and pursuit of nuclear weapons have not achieved the security you seek, they have undermined it. Instead of the dignity you desire, you are more isolated.\"Obama directly challenged North Korea's leaders, imploring them \"to have the courage to pursue peace\".Obama declared flatly that the US has more nuclear weapons than it needs and can cut its arsenal without weakening its security or that of its allies. He pledged to keep trying to rid the world of nuclear weapons despite disagreements with Russia over the next phase of a largely successful disarmament program he sees as a hallmark of his presidency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12424718", "title": "Aamir raises the bar!", "text": "Years back, while looking out for a muscular actor for a role in his film Ghulam, Aamir Khan had met a struggler, who looked fit but couldn't act. Khan had at that time advised the young man to get into bodybuilding instead. And it was the same Satyajit Chourasia who was responsible for Aamir's eight-pack-abs for his 2008 blockbuster Ghajini .And the rest , as we know, was history. However, a couple of years later, for Reema Kagti's thriller Talaash, Khan needed a different body type. Mirror tells you how Mr Perfectionist got into shape this time around.A video released last night shows how Aamir went through an impossible fitness regime. Swinging from monkey bars and lifting weights, the actor swetas it out And that's just for the look.When contacted, Dheepesh Bhatt, owner of the gym where Aamir has been working out told Mirror, \"I had accompanied Aamir on a 20-day schedule in Pondicherry. Since then he has been working out with me.\"Aamir's brief to Dheepesh was short but not so simple. The actor wanted to look lean with six-packs. And thus, a cross-fit training plan was chalked out for the actor that involved exercises inspired from various sports like rowing, swimming and gymnastics.Aamir's diet plan was also modified. Rather than eating small meals every hour, which Aamir had been following, he was now asked to eat six meals a day with every nutrient properly measured.And voila! Aamir's new look was not that hard to achieve. \"His form is great. Aamir worked really hard too. He is a disciplined man and we could see the results immediately,\" said Dheepesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12422130", "title": "'Child exploitation cases up in 2011'", "text": "PUNE: City-based Childline, a 24-hour helpline for children in distress, rescued 116 children from serious abuse and provided shelter to 46 in 2011. The number of cases of child trafficking, abuse, child labour and beggary increased during 2011 in comparison to 2010, said a report released by the helpline, which completed 11 years of operation on Monday.The helpline could not provide comparative statistics on the increase as its functioning was centralised from October 2010, after which distress calls were directed to their call centre in Mumbai. The calls are redirected when required to the helpline in Pune.\"The number of intervention and long-term/ complex intervention cases keep growing every year. The number of calls has also grown from a monthly average of 1,500 in 2001 to 25,000 in 2010,\" said Anuradha Sahasrabuddhe, director of Dnyana Devi Childline.The report added that an increasing number of sexual abuse cases were seen in 2011. \"In most of these, the abuse was severe and the abuser was the father. The worrisome factor here is the non-cooperation of family members in filing cases against culprits. Cases of sexual abuse in institutions such as schools and hostels were also reported,\" the report said.Also, 2011 saw an increasing number of physical abuse cases where hospitalisation had become necessary. The injuries included stabbing, fractures, internal injuries, unhealed ulcers caused by burning, among others.The report said that children in large numbers were brought into the city as child labourers during 2011. \"Such children were made to work for long hours, were often semi-bonded and lived without any adult supervision in the small rooms provided to them. Most of these children were brought from Marathwada, Uttar Pradesh, Bihar and Rajasthan. The number of child beggars too continues to grow despite raids the authorities claim to conduct to stop the trend,\" Sahasrabuddhe said, adding that Childline helped report, rescue and repatriate several minors trafficked and brought into the city's red light area, chiefly from West Bengal.Also, the number of missing cases increased significantly during 2011. In addition, the helpline reported several illegal shelters as well as shelters with licenses flouting norms.The 24 hour toll-free helpline, funded by the Union ministry of social justice and empowerment, is anchored by Dnyana Devi with academic support from Karve Institute of Social Sciences.Helpline Says Number Of Distress Calls Increased From 1,500 In 2000 To 25k In 2010The report said that an increasing number of sexual abuse cases were seen in 2011. In most of these, the abuse was severe and the abuser was the father. The worrisome factor here is the non-cooperation of family members in filing cases against culprits, it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12422473", "title": "Vice Chancellor, council lock horns over venue for meeting", "text": "BANGALORE: A tug-of-war between Bangalore University vice-chancellor N Prabhu Dev and the academic council members on Monday over the venue of the council meeting ended with the VC winning the day.The morning saw over a 60-minute-long drama at the Central College campus before any meaningful business could be transacted. Though the budget was passed, the council did not take the crucial decision of fixing the convocation date when thousands of students are waiting for their degree certificates.At 11am, the academic council members started walking into the seminar hall, the pre-decided venue for the meeting. It was a full house soon. For the first 15-20 minutes, members waited for 'the chair' to walk in and preside over the meeting.At around 11.25am, over 20 members decided to move to the board room, which has a table and mike. Members made their way to the board room, adjacent to the seminar hall, and continued their wait for the VC. Soon one member came in to announce that the VC had arrived and was waiting in the seminar hall.The council members were taken aback by the announcement, but soon recovered to ask the VC to come to the board room for the meeting. They lost their cool when the VC declined their request, saying that the meeting was supposed to be held in the seminar hall.\"What matters to the VC - the venue or the agenda,\" asked council member R Karuna Moorthy who refused to move back to the seminar hall.\"We have chosen this place, keeping in mind the convenience of all members. If the VC has to hold a meeting, he will have to come to the board room,\" said another member, Jyothi Vijay.The drama continued for another 45 minutes. Even the registrar's intervention failed to break the logjam. Finally, the members yielded and the meeting was held in the seminar hall.Vice Chancellor Lashes Out At Members\"It was clearly mentioned in the notice circulated that the meeting would be held in the seminar hall. Such orders are not supposed to be amended without prior information given to the VC. You cannot sit at a place convenient to you and ask the VC to join you there,\" Prabhu Dev, VC, said.Reacting to the reasons given by the members in favour of having the meeting in the board room, he said: \"Why did they not react when the venue was decided? As far as mike facility is concerned, I do not think that they need a mike, looking at the way they talk. If they do not assemble here in the next 10 minutes, the meeting will be adjourned only to be held tomorrow.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12422112", "title": "\u20186 yrs to be the minimum age for Class I admission\u2019", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Education minister P K Abdu Rabb has said that the Right to Education Act (RTE) will be fully i plemented in the state by 2013.Inaugurating the seminar on 'minority education and the right to education act' organized by the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan at Nalanda Auditorium here on Monday, he said the provision of the RTE Act which stipulates the minimum age for admission to Class I as six years will also be implemented in the state from 2013 onwards.\"The admission rules relating to anganwadi and pre- primary schools will also be revised in line with the decision,\" he said.Abdu Rabb said the state would have to revise the teacher- student ratio in the Lower Primary (LP) schools to 1:30 and at the Upper Primary (UP) schools to 1:35 as prescribed in the RTE Act.\"The government will finish the formalities for revising the teacher- student ratio in the schoolin two months,\" he said. The government will also take a decision on shifting Class V to the LP section and Class VIII to the UP section before the commencement of the next academic year, the minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12422371", "title": "Registration tax hike to make vehicles dearer", "text": "If you were eyeing those new set of wheels, prepare to shell out more as the state government has hiked road and registration tax on vehicles. Coming within days of increases proposed in the central excise duty in the Union Budget, subsequently passed on to consumers, this is nothing short of a double whammy for a new car buyer. They will also have to contend with the spectre of increase in oil prices. Put together, this is something which car manufacturers believe would hit demand.While buyers of petrol vehicles will have to shell out an additional 2% to get cars registered once budget proposals come into effect on April 1, for diesel customers the hike will be steeper as the tax has gone up by 4%. The hike in the income tax exemption limit proposed by the Union finance minister which would save Rs 22,660 at the maximum, will not make up for these hefty twin increases within a span of around 10 days. The state budget also made imported cars dearer . Buyers already had to pay more for them as the Union Budget increased import duty from 60% to 75%,besides imposing 5% additional countervailing duty.\"This is surely a double burden for the customer as it comes close on the heels of the price hike on account of the Union Budget. The new measure is likely to have a negative impact on overall demand,\" Shashank Srivastav , chief GM (sales &amp; marketing ) at Maruti Suzuki , said. Maharashtra, and particularly Mumbai, is a key market for carmakers and is estimated to contribute as much 13-14 % of national sales. A dampening sentiment in the state is expected to have a wider impact on the overall demand in the auto market. \"Maharashtra is an important market for us and traditionally has been one of the highest-taxed states. The new state taxes would definitely hit demand,\" Arvind Saxena, sales &amp; marketing director at Hyundai India said.The state government's budget proposals imposed higher taxes across the price spectrum of the car industry. For vehicles whose ex-showroom price in Maharashtra is under Rs 10 lakh, the road and registration tax has gone up from 7% to 9% for petrol variants while for diesel the increment is from 7% to 11%. For vehicles between Rs 10 lakh and Rs 20 lakh, the new road and registration tax for petrol is 10% while for diesel it is 12%. For vehicles above Rs 20 lakh, registration cost for petrol will be 11% of the ex-showroom cost while for diesel it will be 13%. For instance, a Maruti Swift buyer will have to pay Rs 9,300 more for registration of a petrol variant and Rs 23,000 extra for a diesel variant. A Toyota Altis sedan customer in Mumbai will have to pay Rs 22,000 extra for petrol car registration and Rs 48,000 extra for a diesel car.\"The net effect on the customer will be high considering that this new cost will come on top of increased prices due to the Union Budget,\" Debashish Mitra , sales &amp; marketing director at Mercedes Benz India, said. \"This will not be conducive to the segment's growth,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12422694", "title": "\u2018No gallantry recommendation for tainted cops\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: No police officer should be recommended for a gallantry medal (if he is part of an encounter team) unless the gallantry of the officer is proved clean and fair beyond doubts, a recent circular by the city police says.The circular also stated that officers who are part of an encounter team must inform the nearest police station when there is a \"police action\" (encounter ). The revised guidelines were issued in a Mumbai police bulletin, which is sent to all the police stations and the specialized units on a daily basis . \"In case, a person is injured in exchange of fire, he should immediately be rushed to the nearest hospital,\" the circular stated. In the later paragraph, it talks about informing the relatives of the victim. The policemen have been asked to inform the victim's relatives at the earliest in such cases. A gallantry medal is given for an officer's bravery, courage and heroism.Usually, policemen take more than three to four hours to inform relatives of an encounter victim in the city. As per the circular, the senior superintendent of police (SSP) or SP (or a deputy commissioner of police ) should ask for a magisterial inquiry into the police action . \"A magisterial inquiry be conducted in all such cases and the report should be sent through the SP to the higher ups. Moreover, a state CID inquiry should also be conducted in these cases,\" the circular stated, providing the format and guidelines on how to conduct a search and probe in such a case.While there have been several allegations of \"encounter killings\" or staged encounters, there was not a single encounter in 2011. This was perhaps for the first time in 20 years (since 1990) that the city witnessed an encounter-free year. In the last two decades, more than 500 alleged hardened criminals, gangsters or terrorists were shot down by the police. There were instances when eyebrows were raised on various encounters. Several police personnel in the city faced action for \"staged or fake encounters .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12421875", "title": "Staff crunch takes a toll on vigilance bureau", "text": "KOCHI: Accumulation of pending cases before the vigilance department and courts is taking a toll on the efficacy of the Vigilance and Anti-Corruption Bureau (VACB) in the state.According to top officials of VACB, at present over 1000 cases are pending before the vigilance judges in the state, officially designated as vigilance enquiry commissioner and special judges. In addition, VACB charges about 130 fresh cases every year.At present, there are only four vigilance courts in the state-at Kozhikode, Thrissur, Kottayam and Thiruvananthapuram, and they together dispose around 75 cases per year. At this pace, it would take about ten years to dispose the pending cases, a VACB official told TOI.The government has fixed a deadline of 90 days for completing a vigilance enquiry and 180 days for vigilance cases. With only 135 investigating officers at hand, meeting these deadlines becomes a hard task, the official said.Even though the conviction rate in the vigilance court is around 70 to 80%, the long term consequence of the delay in investigations and trials will be that the corrupt would go scot free. \"If a corruption complaint is charge-sheeted and tried within six months, the possibility of conviction will be better. If it takes more than five years for trials, which is not uncommon now, there will be difficulty in bringing the witnesses to testify.,\" said K J Joseph, former head of VACB.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "12421093", "title": "Goa budget reduces VAT on petrol", "text": "PORVORIM: Petrol in Goa will be cheaper by 11 from April 2, housewives with annual incomes below 3 lakh will get a monthly allowance of 1,000 and for them the price of cooking gas (LPG) has been frozen against any rise for the next five years to the price of March 16, 2012, which was the date of the Union Budget, the DSS pension scheme will be enhanced from 1,000 to 2,000, and promised to revive the IT habitat at Dona Paula with taking up IT projects on a fast track.Providing for almost all of BJP's assurances in the party's election manifesto, chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Monday presented the annual budget stating the common man will not be burdened. Referring specifically to the \"family\", Parrikar said, \"My government will stand behind them like the Rock of Gibraltar.\"\"I have managed to keep all my promises without putting a single burden on the common man,\" Parrikar told the media at the post-budget briefing. He said the budget is aimed at \"all-round development of the state; not only physical development, but also human resource development.\"Asked how he would implement all the budget proposals, Parrikar promised his \"personal supervision\" to ensure their implementation. \"Every proposal has been provided for in the budget. I don't need to look at any documents. All the figures are in my head,\" the chief minister said.The total budget size for the year 2012-13 has been estimated at 9,549 crore as against 8,022 crore in 2011-12, showing an increase of 19%. Similarly, the plan size for 2012-13 is estimated at 4,154 crore as against 3,129 crore in 2011-12, showing an increase of 32.75%.Another promise kept is the provision of 150 crore for the implementation of the Laadli Laxmi Scheme under which the state government will deposit 1 lakh into the bank accounts of girls completing 18 years towards marriage expenses.A new, six-lane bridge over the Zuari river within 36 months is the highlight of the chief minister's string of ambitious infrastructure projects in Goa. Parrikar said the bridge construction will be undertaken by the state government with due approval from the national highways authority of India. Whether it will be built under BOT will be considered later to avoid delays, Parrikar said, adding that if at all toll is levied for revenue generation, it will only be on commercial vehicles.Parrikar's budget also promised new bridges at over 10 places including at Carona-Calvim, Panaji-Betim, Galgibaga and Talpona. These \"will be taken up for construction during this fiscal\", he said.The chief minister also announced immediate steps to build a \"world class convention and exhibition centre in consultation with all stakeholders\". He assured to revive the long-pending IT habitat at Dona Paula and promised to take up all IT projects in the state on \"fast track and mission mode\".Parrikar assured the captains of industry that his government would \"be most willing to facilitate them to set up their shops in Goa.\"He also said, \"I will make special efforts to encourage Goans who have excelled in the IT field but had to move out of Goa for lack of opportunity; to return to their motherland to serve and make Goa a vibrant IT hub.\"Parrikar noted that the gross state domestic product (GSDP) at constant prices during 2010-11 grew at 8.30% as against 10.63% in 2009-10. Assuring to bring back the growth momentum, Parrikar said, \"I am confident of achieving the growth rate of 12% at constant prices in the next fiscal year though I am targeting a growth rate of 15%\".Covering the entire gamut of sectors, Parrikar's 78-page budget speech promised new policies in agriculture and land acquisition, assured 24-hours water supply to citizens in four years, declared football as the official sport of Goa and raised the outlay for Goa's tourism from last year's 95.43 crore to a hefty 261.30 crore. Relishing the chief minister's chair \"after seven long years in the opposition\", Parrikar said this was a \"time for new beginning and change - a time for parivartan\".Parrikar's speech, which began with rich tributes to his former tourism minister late Matanhy Saldanha, was generously peppered with sayings of the wise and had frequent digs at the previous Congress government and their failings.\"Unlike the previous government where policies as also day-to-day decisions were remote controlled from Delhi, I promise you, as well as the people of Goa, that now onwards Goa will be governed only from Goa and by Goans themselves,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12422006", "title": "Passing Lokpal Bill critical, says Moily", "text": "PUNE: Union minister for corporate affairs Veerappa Moily said here on Monday that it was very important for the country to pass the Lokpal Bill to address the menace of corruption and pave the way for effective public governance.Moily said, \"The Lokayukta institution has been proving effective and it's time we put in place the Lokpal Bill. We have been talking a lot about corruption and now the time has come to do something about it. Corruption cannot be checked by rhetoric; you have to create systems strong enough to check it,\" Moily said, adding that public systems have to be reformed.Moily was speaking on 'Challenges of Governance' while delivering the first B G Deshmukh Memorial lecture organised under the aegis of non-governmental organisation Janwani.He said good governance makes it possible to deliver sustained economic progress and offers high returns on the investment a country makes in development. \"The administration should demonstrate integrity, objectivity, honesty and leadership. If democratic offices don't perform, non-democratic forces will take them over,\" he added.The country's electorate too has a responsibility of participating better in the democratic processes such as elections and should vote away representatives who hamper governance, Moily said. \"Effective value system, based on fairness, transparency and honesty will catalyse the process of governance,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12420739", "title": "Crime branch launches Facebook page to find missing children", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The city crime branch has resorted to social media to disseminate information about missing children by recently launching a Facebook page carrying details of missing kids.At the moment, the page has two major cases handed over to crime branch for investigation - the disappearance of Kartik Rajendran and Vishwa Patel. The printable poster shows the prize amounts along with short details and contact numbers.\"Facebook is very popular amongst youngsters. Thus, we thought of giving it a try so that we can reach to maximum number of users. We intend to post relevant updates at regular intervals and also integrate more such cases. A website for the missing children is on the anvil on which users can anonymously provide us any relevant information,\" said a senior crime branch official.Officials said that several posts by Facebook users have already created awareness about missing children in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12421075", "title": "Now, overspeeding can drive you straight to jail", "text": "NEW DELHI: If you are a demon behind the wheel, slow down. From Monday, the traffic police have started booking flagrant speed violators under the more serious charge of dangerous driving which involves a hefty fine and a possible jail term.The cops are also putting 100 special cameras, with automatic number plate readers, which would click pictures of violators round the clock on important stretches in the city. These cameras would be functional by the end of next month, police officials said.\"While those found driving at speeds up to 20 kmph over the prescribed limit will be booked under the speeding law, those racing at speeds higher than that will be charged under dangerous driving and issued court challans. This is punishable with a Rs 1,000 fine and up to six months in jail,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.This move is similar to the decision to push for jail terms for drunken driving that started in August 2010.\"Recently, several cases of fatal accidents have been a result of reckless speeding. This decision will hopefully act as a deterrent for speedsters. Soon, we will also have over 100 cameras keeping round the clock vigil on all major roads and this will also help in bringing such incidents down,\" added Garg.Speeding violations are usually booked under sections 112/183 of the Motor Vehicle Act, which invites a fine of Rs 400. However, dangerous driving is booked under 112/184 of the MV Act, which invites a court challan and a possible jail term. While the highest speed limit in the city for private vehicles is 70 kmph, most stretches have a limit of 60 kmph or 50 kmph. This means that you will be liable for a jail term if you are caught driving at speeds higher than 80kmph/90kmph (depending on the limit on the particular stretch). The limit for commercial vehicles throughout the city is 40 kmph, while it is 20 kmph for all vehicles inside residential areas and marketplaces. Traffic police are in the process of procuring at least 100 Automated Number Plate Reader (ANPR) cameras which will detect speed violations. These cameras will be placed at 10 important stretches and will be able to take pictures of speeding vehicles in every lane.\"The cameras take three pictures of a speeding vehicle - a regular picture, an ultraviolet picture and a close-up of the vehicle's number plate. These pictures also capture the driver's image. We recently conducted a trial run of this exercise near the airport where more than 600 violations were caught in just four hours,\" said a senior traffic police officer. The pictures taken from these cameras will be sent to the central server where the ownership records of all vehicles would be available. The challan, along with a copy of the photograph, will be sent by speed post or courier, said traffic officials. Initially, the cameras will be placed at high-speed stretches like the Salimgarh bypass, Ring Road, outer Ring Road, NH8, NH10, NH2, DND, NH1 and Road Number 56.Currently, the police use 10 speed interceptors to detect speed violations. These interceptor vehicles are fitted with equipment to record the speed of a passing vehicle and take its picture. The equipment records the time and place of the incident as well as the speed of the vehicle at the time of the violation. A printout of the picture, along with a challan, is sent to the vehicle owner's house within 48 hours.Times ViewMeasures to deal with rash driving are not only welcome, they are long overdue in Delhi. However, equating dangerous driving wit h speed would be a serious mistake. Vehicles that weave in and out of traffic are a bigger hazard than fast-moving-but-disciplined ones. Also, what speed is 'dangerous' depends on many factors, including the width of the road, whether it is straight or curved, whether there are intersecting roads and so on. What we need, therefore, are reasonable speed limits combined with strict enforcement of all traffic rules. A limit of 80kmph on clear wide stretches even within cities is not unreasonable, while there might be other areas - in front of schools or hospitals, for example - where the limit could be much lower. On highways, on the other hand, 120kmph seems sensible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12420294", "title": "'Gen V K Singh did not seriously pursue bribe matter'", "text": "NEW DELHI: Army chief General V K Singh will not fade away as an old soldier. He has fired another damaging salvo at the government by disclosing he was offered Rs 14 crore bribe by a lobbyist barely six months after he took over as the Army chief in 2010.His disclosure prompted a rattled government to order a \"comprehensive\" CBI inquiry into the matter. Defence minister A K Antony , on the back-foot after opposition MPs forced adjournment of both houses of Parliament on Monday, said, \"The allegations are serious. We have to handle it...I have taken action (by ordering the inquiry).\"Although Gen Singh did not name the lobbyist, an Army HQ press statement on March 5 had directly accused Lt-General Tejinder Singh, who retired as the chief of the Defence Intelligence Agency in July 2010, of spreading \"salacious and mala fide stories\".The CBI quickly constituted a team to probe the matter and lodge a case, marking yet another twist in the continuing saga of unseemly controversies dogging the 1.13-million strong Army, from Gen Singh's bitter tussle with the defence ministry over his actual age to the force being accused of clandestinely tapping phones of senior ministry officials, all of which seem to be intertwined.His most recent allegations are sure to mark Gen Singh's tenure as one of the most controversy ridden in the Army's history. It left the government squirming and saw Opposition stalling Parliament and demanding that explanation about what has been done on the army chief's complaint.Gen Singh's penchant to repeatedly embarrass the government has further reduced his popularity in the higher echelons of UPA-II, while also sharpening the civil-military divide like never before.Sources reveal that a powerful group, in the cabinet and top bureaucracy, had pressed the government to sack Gen Singh after he decided to move the Supreme Court in January - an action that was the first of its kind display of dissent by a serving military chief. But Antony protected Gen Singh against such a drastic action.Antony, however, found himself searching for words on Monday with the Army Chief's fresh claim that seemed to suggest inaction or a weak response from the minister in 2010, when Gen Singh apprised him of the alleged attempt to bribe him.\"Meri baat sunkar Raksha Mantri ne apna matha peet liye tha (Antony held his head in his hands in sheer dismay when I told him). He said such people should be kept out,\" said Gen Singh.Top MoD sources, while admitting Gen Singh had indeed verbally reported the bribe attempt to Antony, said the Army chief did not submit a written complaint or \"seriously pursue the matter\" thereafter.\"As a public servant, Gen Singh could have got the person offering the bribe arrested or lodged an FIR. He has been writing letters to the minister, right, left and center, on his age and other issues. Why did he not do the same for this?\" said a source.Gen Singh says the lobbyist's bribe offer, on behalf of a foreign military vehicle supplier that has a tie-up with a defence PSU, was made in \"an indirect way\" and left him completely stumped.The statement on retired Lt Gen Tejinder Singh is not the only evidence of divisions in the Army. Indicative of the raging factional feud within the force, the Army has even accused some other \"disgruntled\" serving and retired military intelligence officers of \"fabricating the fiction\" that a covert Army unit had spied on MoD officials during the prolonged stand-off over Gen Singh's age. A serving major-general and a colonel are already facing the heat in the case.Lt-Gen Singh (retired) on being contacted, said, \"I have not worked for anybody or on anyone's behalf since the day I retired. The allegations against me are totally false. Based on the Army's earlier press statement, I have issued legal notices to all concerned, including the chief. We will take follow-up legal action, sooner than latter.\"With a marked \"trust deficit\" emerging between Antony and Gen Singh, the government had last month announced that Eastern Army commander Lt-Gen Bikram Singh would take over as the next chief when Gen Singh retires on May 31, three months in advance instead of normal two-month norm as a measure of abundant precaution.Many within the government, who had been extremely unsympathetic towards Gen Singh's fight over age issue, are now feeling vindicated, as the Army chief continues to embarrass the government in unexpected ways.After the Supreme Court gave no relief to Gen Singh on his age issue, the government was expecting him to quietly bide time till retirement. Indications are that Gen Singh's fresh claims, when Parliament is in session and embarrassing one of the senior-most Congress leaders known for his personal integrity, hasn't gone down well with the Congress party.While many had been comparing the relations of Gen Singh and the government to the stand-off between Admiral Vishnu Bhagwat and the then NDA government in 1998, the noticeable difference has been Antony's support of his Army chief. However, this previously unconditional support may not last much longer, given the unwanted controversy into which the defence minister has now been dragged in by Gen Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12422251", "title": "Ex-MLA\u2019s property encroached upon", "text": "BHOPAL: A commercial property in the state capital owned by a former MLA from Ujjain was encroached upon and sold off without her knowledge. She came to know about the incident on when she reached the city.The former Congress MLA Preeti Bhargawa has lodged a complaint with the MP Nagar police on Monday.Police said that the complainant alleged that a section of the property at MP Nagar Zone-I had been encroached and illegal construction was taken up.A part of the property is rented to Bhopal Medical centre while the basement locked and had been in her possession. She alleged that on reaching here recently she found the shutters of the basement were broken while construction was taking place.Bhargawa told the police that the portion of the building was illegally occupied by one Patidar. A senior police official has been deputed to investigate the property dispute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12422071", "title": "Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation to construct toilets in 10 primary schools", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) will complete construction of toilets in 10 municipal schools this week such that all its 134 primary schools in the township have the said facility by March 31.Additional commissioner Prakash Kadam said, \"Toilets have to be provided in all civic schools by March 31, as per the directives of the Supreme Court. Since 10 primary schools in Pimpri-Chinchwad did not have toilets, the civic body took steps to construct the facility.\"He said state chief secretary Ratnakar Gaikwad held a meeting through video-conferencing with district collectors, chief executive officer of Zilla Parishads, municipal commissioners and others to take a review of the progress in providing toilets in government-run and municipal schools. He instructed that there be separate ones for boys and girls, and water be necessarily provided.Balasaheb Ovhal, administration officer, primary education department, said, \"There are 134 municipal primary schools in the city, of which 10 did not have toilets. We are providing separate toilets for boys and girls and construction at six primary schools is in progress. The remaining ones will be constructed in four primary schools in four days.\"Ovhal said that primary schools located in small settlements in newly merged villages did not have toilets due to lack of space. \"In such cases, we are providing toilets in areas adjacent to the schools,\" he added.Vishnu Jadhav, education officer, secondary education, said that all the 18 secondary municipal schools in the township already have toilets.An official of the primary education department, said, \"There are 134 municipal primary schools in the city, of which 10 did not have toilets. We are providing separate toilets for boys and girls\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12422377", "title": "Plans to increase stamp duty deferred", "text": "The state government on Monday deferred plans to hike stamp duty for leaveand-licence agreements for residential and commercial properties . However, state finance minister Ajit Pawar proposed three tax revisions (see box). While those living on leaveand-licence arrangements can breathe easy for now, senior bureaucrats from the chief minister's office and the revenue department said the decision to defer the stamp duty hike was taken due to several objections received to the proposal.The government had proposed the hike as stamp duty was not revised when registration of leave-and-licence agreements was made compulsory in 2002-03 . The maximum stamp duty for commercial premises is Rs 50,000 for 60 months and Rs 25,000 in the same period for residential ones. \"We had kept a fixed amount as we wanted to encourage rental property market in the city. The hike would have helped improve the government's finances, but it was found to be too steep especially in Mumbai where property prices are high,'' said a senior bureaucrat.The government has now asked the revenue department to take another look at the proposal and place it before the cabinet. Sources say the revised proposal may be ready in a few weeks.The government had planned to introduce a 0.1% stamp duty on the market value of residential property or 1% of the average annual rent (deposit ) paid, whichever is higher, for up to 36 months. For 36 to 60 months, it proposed 0.2% of the market value of residential property or 2% of the premium, plus average annual rent paid, whichever is higher. For commercial premises, the duty for 60 months would be 0.4%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "12422082", "title": "SP puts Maya projects under scrutiny", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: After the new state government stalled work on some of Mayawati's 'dream projects' in Gautam Budh Nagar, it has now decided to scrutinize all development projects that were initiated by the BSP government in the last five years.To begin with, the SP government has directed the Greater Noida Authority to submit a detailed report on the construction of all parks, the Kanshiram hospital and the Gautam Buddha University among other projects and on the amount already spent on the projects. The Authority has also been directed to submit the list of tenders awarded for development projects in the last five years as well as the details of the contractors who were awarded contracts of construction work, etc.The order also applies to projects in Noida as wells as those in areas falling under the jurisdiction of the Yamuna Expressway Industrial Development Authority. Besides, following reports of irregularities, all payments to contractors and sub-contractors in Greater Noida have been halted temporarily.\"The state government has asked for the report from the Greater Noida Authority to get an idea of their status, the budget, the expenditures already incurred and to examine the utility of such expenditure,\" said a Greater Noida Authority official.\"We have already begun compiling the details and the report will be forwarded to the state government in the next couple of days. The report mainly relates to the cost of the projects, their status, and the circumstances under which or the reasons why these projects were initiated,\" added the official.The Authority has also halted work on the multi-crore Kanshiram multispecialty hospital as well as the beautification work at Surajpur and the Hindon bridge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12420756", "title": "Nanavati commission to finally wind up riots inquiry", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A decade on and 18 extensions later, the Nanavati Commission, which was formed to probe the Godhra train carnage and consequent riots, will wind up its inquiry this month-end. The commission, which was constituted in May 2002, is in the process of finalizing its report on the violence that rocked Gujarat between February 27, 2002 and May 31, 2002.Three judges, who were part of the judicial body at different times, have sifted through thousands of pages of testimonies while handling 4,145 cases. The state government has already spent nearly Rs 7 crore in the process. The Narendra Modi government had appointed Justice (retired) KG Shah to head the commission in May 2002 as a \"fact-finding\" body with no power to enforce or implement its recommendations. Later, retired Supreme Court Justice GT Nanavati was also appointed to the commission.Justice AH Mehta became a part of the body following the death of Justice Shah. Earlier, the government had submitted a letter written by the judicial body, saying it was likely to submit the report by end of its extended term, that is March 31, 2012.Until the end of February, the commission had recorded statements of top bureaucrats, senior police officers, NGO representatives and politicians. Last month, statements of former ministers IK Jadeja and Gordhan Zadaphia, who was minister of state for home during the riots, were recorded.Though the terms and reference of the commission include examining the role of the chief minister, the judicial body has so far not summoned Modi. As a result, Jan Sangharsh Manch, an NGO fighting for the victims, moved the Supreme Court demanding that Modi's statement too be recorded and its lawyers be allowed to cross-examine the chief minister.The commission has dealt with allegations levelled by suspended IPS officer Sanjiv Bhatt, who accused Modi of calling a meeting of top cops on the night of February 27, 2002 where he allegedly told the police officers to allow Hindus to vent their anger.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12422160", "title": "Yet another Ganga crusader hospitalised", "text": "VARANASI: Though Swami Gyan Swarup Sanand (noted environmentalist Prof GD Agrawal) ended his fast unto death following an agreement with the Central government in New Delhi on March 23, another Ganga activist associated with the Ganga Seva Abhiyanam, Ganga Premi Bhikshu, continued his fast on Monday. He has been without water since March 23. However, as his health condition deteriorated, he was shifted to SGP Hospital on Monday on the recommended of doctors.\"The team of doctors regularly examined the fasting seer and after finding further deterioration in his health, we recommended his hospitalisation,\" said Dr DB Singh, the superintendent-in-chief of Shiv Prasad Gupt Hospital on Monday. According to the doctor, loss in weight and dehydration were noticed during his health examination.Bhikshu left food and went on a fast sans soon after Swami Sanad was admitted to the SPG Hospital on March 11. Later, he left water after Swami Sanand ended his fast on March 23.Meanwhile, public support continued to grow for the Save Ganga Tapasya. Several organizations, Pradhanacharya Parishad, Adarsh Bharatiya Sangh, Adhyatmik Utthan Mandal and scores of people extended their support to the Ganga Seva Abhiyanam.Shankaracharya of Jyotishpeeth and Dwarka Sharda Peeth Swami Swaroopanand Saraswati, in his message sent from Raipur (Chhattisgarh), called upon people to come forward for the cause of the Ganga so that it could be cleaned before the Kumbh Mela in Prayag next year. He said a great injustice was done to the Ganga for which the government and people were equally responsible. He also thanked the natives of Varanasi for their support to Gyan Swarup Sanand and the Ganga Seva Abhiyanam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12424842", "title": "Director Krishna: My way or the highway!", "text": "Director Krishna has started shooting for his next film, which stars Aari and Sshivada in the lead. The film, which was untitled until a few days ago, will now be called Nedunchalai.Justifying the title of his film, the Sillunu Oru Kadhal director says, \"The story of the film unfolds on a national highway and deals with lives of people who live on the sidelines. Sshivada plays a girl who runs a dhaba and Aari has an equally intriguing character. I thought Nedunchalai was an apt title for my film.\"Point out to him that there are other films in the making that have similar titles (Vetri Maaran is reportedly producing a film titled Desiya Nedunchalai), and the director retorts, \"I've officially registered the title with the Producers' Council and they've told me that no such title has been registered until now.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12424550", "title": "Riteish does not like to watch comedy films", "text": "After having made a succesful acting career out of comedy films like 'Masti', 'Malamaal Weekly', 'Hey Baby' and 'Housefull' among others, actor Riteish Deshmukh says he does not like watching comic capers.\"I don?t watch comedies. If I go to a DVD store and if I buy 100 movies then there might be one comedy film it. I don?t buy comedies I don?t like watching comedy films,\" Riteish told PTI.\"I don't watch my own films..whenever I see my films I change the channel. I don't know why so, I like to see other film works,\" he said.The 32-year-old actor made everyone roll in laughter, playing the role of a henpecked husband in 'Masti', of a conman in 'Apna Sapna Money Money' to playing a trickster in 'Dhamaal' and Eddy Teddy in 'Housefull'.Ask him where does he get his comic timing from, he says \"I watch other people, there are so many people in real life who are funny. If I had to name four funny people I met, then it would be Sajid Nadiadwala, Sajid Khan, Farah Khan and Karan Johar .. they are extremely funny, have great sense of humor and it is great to interact with them.\"\"I don't write the scenes. I always feel if you understand the scene well then everything falls in place,\" Riteish said.He would be next seen in yet another comedy film, 'Housefull 2', directed by Sajid Khan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12423099", "title": "Woman, child enter giraffe enclosure", "text": "MYSORE: A woman visitor and her child sneaked into the giraffe enclosure of the Mysore Zoo on Monday but luckily escaped unhurt.Zoo staff were shocked to see Manjula and her child, around 4 years old, standing a few metres from the sole giraffe inside the open enclosure around 11.30am Monday. It's surrounded by a 4-foot-high railing.Entering the enclosure of an animal is strictly prohibited as it is dangerous and a clear violation of rules.But she managed to enter the enclosure as it was open as the gate was open. She told zoo authorities she just wanted to see the animal up close. She came out when authorities saw her and asked her to leave.Zoo Authority of Karnataka chairman M Nanjundaswamy told TOI authorities impose a fine of Rs 100 on visitors who enter enclosures. Manjula too paid the fine and was let off.The zoo director BP Ravi said the animal was not harmed by the intruders.The animal keeper has been issued a notice on charges of dereliction of duty, Nanjundaswamy said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12420948", "title": "Land filling at Benaulim makes GXE see red", "text": "MARGAO: Alleging that low-lying areas in Benaulim were being filled in contravention of town and country planning (TCP) regulations, locals lodged a complaint with the TCP and Salcete deputy collector on Monday, seeking their immediate intervention in the matter.Rallying under the banner of Goenchea Xetkareancho Ekvott (GXE), locals demanded that the ongoing filling of land be stopped immediately and the land be restored to its original state.\"We also wish to inform you that it is destroying a very deep retention pond, which is the most important defence of the village against cyclones, floods and rising sea levels, threatening to displace the local settlements in the long run,\" said Paulo Fernandes, GXE secretary, in the letter to the TCP.In the almost identical letter submitted to the Salcete deputy collector and sub-divisional magistrate (SDM), Fernandes demanded that action should be taken immediately since the land filling had been taking place over the last two days and that a large scale of low-lying area had already been filled.Government officials acknowledged receiving the complaint and said that they would look into the matter immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12420721", "title": "New CCTV footage could rule out abduction in Vishwa case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It seems likely that Vishwa Patel, 11, who went missing in January, was not abducted. Crime branch officials have unearthed fresh evidence to suggest that the girl had left home on her own.This case had triggered a public outcry that has now snowballed into a massive state-wide campaign to trace missing children.Vishwa went missing from her home in Anandnagar on January 27. Crime branch officials who are probing the case have zeroed in on a CCTV footage which shows the girl walking away from home - alone. The footage was shown to Vishwa's father Suresh Patel, who has also confirmed the identity of the girl. Suresh has announced a reward of Rs 1 lakh for anybody who provides information about his daughter.The fresh evidence was gathered by crime branch's technical cell from two different video clippings. The first video footage was shot by a videographer, who was employed to record a marriage party at Vishwa's flat on the fateful day. This clipping shows Vishwa in apparent hurry to get out of the building. The second footage was recorded by CCTVs mounted on a construction site right next to Vishwa's house. This time Vishwa can be seen walking away alone.Both the footages were matched to see if it was indeed Vishwa in the second footage. \"The CCTVs at the construction site were situated at quite a distance from the road on which Vishwa is seen walking alone. That is why the clarity of the clipping is not as desired. We matched both the video clippings and found that it was indeed Vishwa. Then to cross check it further, we showed the two clippings to her father in different sessions over three days. He too has confirmed that the girl seen in the construction site CCTV footage is Vishwa. This much is clear that she left home but the reason is still a mystery. We are leaving no stone unturned to track down the girl,\" said assistant commissioner of police, crime branch, Mayur Chavda.Since Vishwa went missing, no less than 350 cops of Anandnagar police station and crime branch were pressed into service to trace her. Several teams were constituted and sent to Vadodara, Mumbai, Delhi and Goa to hunt for her. However, the entire exercise came to a naught. Police had also pasted her posters in railway stations across Gujarat and other states. Some telephone calls too were received from outside Gujarat after this campaign. But, all attempts to trace the missing girl have gone in vain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12422086", "title": "Devotees worship Goddess Kushmanda", "text": "VARANASI: On the fourth day of the auspicious Chaitra Navaratra on Monday, devotees thronged Durga Temple in Durkagund to worship goddess Kushmanda.A long queue of devotees was witnessed in the early morning hours as people gathered on the temple premises to offer prayers in the day. The serpentine queue went up to the Manas Mandir Road. Traffic diversion was also witnessed to regulate the vehicular movement on the busy Lanka-Cantonment Road. Devotees offered chunari and coconut to the deity.Special prayers were also witnessed on the occasion. Special prayers were also held at Sheetala Mandir at Sheetala Ghat and Annapurna Temple in Vishwanath Gali. Devotees also took a holy dip in the Ganga on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12421689", "title": "Kudankulam N-plant to go on stream soon", "text": "HYDERABAD: Even as situation remains tense at the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Project (KKNPP) in Tamil Nadu , the chairman and managing director of Nuclear Power Corporation of India Limited (NPCIL) S K Jain on Monday firmly stated that generation of nuclear power at the controversial plant would begin soon.\"As soon as we get permissions from the regulatory bodies, we will begin power generation. Work is going on a war-footing as round the clock operations are in full swing at the two plants at Kudankulam,\" S K Jain said at a press conference at Nuclear Fuel Complex (NFC) here. He, however, said he would not be able to specify a time frame at this juncture as clearances would first have to be obtained from the regulatory bodies.In the aftermath of the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster last year, Jain said a safety assessment was conducted at all the 20 nuclear power plants in the country. Though safety aspects of all the power plants has been taken care of, he said another Rs 150 crore was being spent at the suggestion of PM Manmohan Singh to scale up safety measures. \" There are enough safety margins but we are still upgrading them,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12423168", "title": "Commercial banks missed loan target in primary sector: Modi", "text": "PATNA: Deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi said in the state assembly on Monday that commercial banks missed the target of loan disbursement, approved by the State Level Bankers' Committee (SLBC), for promoting dairy, fishery and poultry business in the state.He cited statistics showing the unsatisfactory performance of banks regarding loan disbursement for dairy, fishery and poultry business in the current financial year.Modi was replying to the starred question of RJD member Durga Prasad Singh. He said the government has been pursuing the matter at the SLBC meetings for the last six fiscals, which improved banks' performance during the period. \"It's not yet satisfactory,\" he said.When leader of opposition Abdul Bari Siddiqui asked about the measures government was contemplating to make the banks improve their loan disbursement activities in the dairy, fishery and poultry sectors, Modi said that the finance department had already devised formula to assess the performance of the banks, which would come into operation from April 1. Government would not park its money in the banks which failed on the assessment index based on their performance with regard to credit-deposit (CD) ratio, loan disbursement in the primary and agriculture sectors, as well as the distribution of Kisan Credit Cards (KCCs), he said.With regard to a query of Singh, Modi said it was not for the government to start banking activities, but steps were being taken to improve and tone up the activities of the Bihar state cooperative banks to cater to the needs of people.To the questions of a few other members with regard to opening of a branch of either State Bank of India (SBI) or any other bank at block headquarters or in villages with over 5,000 population, Modi said the commercial banks had agreed to open \"brick and mortar\" branches in villages having a population of more than 5,000 people by September this year.However, SBI or any other bank assesses the viability and commercial value of a block headquarters or any location before opening its branch at that place which has already a branch of any other bank, Modi said, adding that he would take up the matter with SBI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "12422298", "title": "Chhattisgarh legislators advised to stay vigilant while on tour", "text": "RAIPUR: The Chhattisgarh police have urged the state's legislators to be on high alert while trekking through Maoists' jungle strongholds in the wake of the abduction of a BJD MLA in neighbouring Odisha, a top police officer said on Monday.The authorities have also requested the legislators, mainly those who represent areas affected by leftist insurgency, to avoid sudden trips into the interiors and always take local authorities in confidence while visiting the areas where Maoist guerrillas dictate terms.\"The district police chiefs and Inspectors General (IG) of Maoist areas have been asked by police headquarters to work in tandem with legislators of their areas to ensure they get maximum security cover,\" Ramniwas, additional director general of police (anti-Maoist operation), told IANS.He added, \"We have placed a request with each of the MLAs, mainly those belonging to Maoist areas to be very alert and careful and please let the local police authorities know about their visits to the interiors and also avoid making sudden visits to conflict zones.\" He confirmed that district police chiefs have been asked by police headquarters here to persuade foreigners not to sneak into jungle areas in insurgency-hit districts for any reasons.The police advisory to Chhattisgarh MLAs was sent out purely on the basis of the abduction of two Italian citizens March 14 in Odisha and the state's ruling Biju Janata Dal (BJD) legislator Jhina Hikaka Saturday by Maoists. The Maoists released one of the Italian hostages Sunday.Eighteen out of a total of 27 districts in Chhattisgarh are considered Maoist-affected areas and its nearly 40,000 sq km mineral rich area called the Bastar region has been a Maoist belt since the late 1980s. The rebels have carried out a string of deadly attacks in the Bastar region on police and civilians in the past 5-6 years, including the killing of 76 troopers in a single attack in April 2010. But the violent activities in the state have surprisingly decreased in the past six months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12422595", "title": "\u2018Housing societies should not cut costs on safety\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Lift accidents would drastically reduce if housing societies give more importance to maintenance without compromising on the money involved , experts say . The biggest mistake housing society residents make is buying lifts from the best manufactures , but giving maintenance contracts to locals to cut costs, they say .\"Local contractors charge almost 50% less. If a building is 15-storeyed , for instance , the yearly contract is about Rs 1.2-1 .3 lakh . If the floors are more , the cost goes up to Rs 1.5 lakh ,\" said Paras Gundecha , president, Maharashtra Chamber of Housing Industry (MCHI).An elevator requires maintenance at least once a month or twice in three months . Usually , the maintenance cost of a manual lift comes to Rs 10,000 and for an automatic one Rs 20,000-25 ,000 per session .Lift prices vary according to their capacity and sophistication . While manual lifts cost a minimum of Rs 3.5 lakh , automatic ones are priced in the Rs 8-25 lakh range .Activist Krishnaraj Rao , who has been conducting research on Mumbai's lifts, said the responsibility for lift maintenance lay with the managing committees of housing societies . \"To cut costs, societies often compromise on security . With more high-rises being added to the city , the risk factor has only increased in the last few years .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12422827", "title": "Police detain one for attack on BDO", "text": "LUCKNOW: Police on Monday detained a person in connection with Sunday night's attack on block development officer (BDO) Sushil Srivastava in Jhansi. The main accused, Samajwadi Party leader Bharat Singh Yadav, however, is still absconding.A case of attempt to murder has been filed against Bharat and his aides. Although the BDO escaped with superficial injuries, the incident has dented the efforts of SP's leadership, which is trying hard to shed the party's rowdy image. Reports said that the incident took place when Bharat Singh Yadav of Chirgaon block in Jhansi district reached the house of Sushil Srivastava in Jhansi city late on Sunday along with half a dozen unidentified persons. Bharat, a local SP leader, reportedly started accusing Sushil of targeting him for vested interests.When Sushil objected to it, Bharat allegedly whipped out a countrymade pistol and opened fire from a close range. However, Sushil was quick to act. He grabbed the barrel of the pistol and forced it upwards towards the roof, as Bharat pulled the trigger.The bullet missed Sushil's chest by a whisker, but the struggle exposed his shoulder and hand to the pellets. As Sushil raised an alarm and other locals rushed to his rescue, Bharat fled from the scene with his associates.Sushil, posted as Jhansi BDO, had found discrepancies in the nominations of Bharat's wife during her candidature for MLC polls about a year-and-half ago.As a result, her candidature was cancelled. Reports say that Bharat had then held Sushil response for it and threatened to settle scores. Sushil colleagues say that he had expressed fear that he would be attacked ever since SP came to power as Bharat was a known local SP leader. His wife too was a block pramukh till two years ago.Though senior officials in Jhansi refused to confirm if the accused was a SP leader, they confirmed that Sushil has identified the accused as Bharat and his unidentified associates. Police said investigations were under way and three teams have been dispatched to look for Bharat and his associates. Police on reaching Bharat's house after the incident, found it locked.Meanwhile, Sushil, who was initially rushed to the local primary health centre, was referred to the Civil Hospital in Jhansi for advance treatment.Police quoting doctors attending the BDO said that Sushil has suffered a number of pellet injuries on his shoulders and arm. Some of the pellets wound were deep and medical investigations were under way to confirm the extent to which the pellets have penetrated. Police said things could get serious for Sushil, if the pellets had entered deep enough to damage any of the vital organs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12421873", "title": "Rattled govt to appeal against suicides", "text": "HYDERABAD: Caught between an indecisive central leadership and the Telangana region on the boil over the suicides in support of the separate state demand, a shaky Kiran Kumar Reddy government is preparing to face the assembly on Tuesday by presenting a factual report on the suicides of Bojya Naik and Rajamouli as well as launch a series of advertisements urging the youth of the region not to resort to suicides.However, on Monday, the state government was already put on the defensive. Immediately after hearing the news of Rajamouli's suicide, MLAs belonging to TRS, BJP and independent Nagam Janardhan Reddy rushed to the chambers of the chief minister in the legislative council.In the meeting that took place subsequently, the MLAs demanded that the assembly pass a resolution in support of Telangana. But this was turned down by Kiran Kumar Reddy on the grounds that there was no unanimity in the house on the issue.The recent suicides have turned the heat on the Telangana ministers as well. Quoting intelligence reports that the reception would be hostile, the ministers from the region turned down the proposal from Congress chief whip Gandra Venkata Ramana Reddy that all of them tour Warangal in the wake of the suicides.\"The House must debate and pass a resolution on Telangana on Tuesday, otherwise we will not allow the assembly to function. Both Kiran Kumar Reddy and opposition leader N Chandrababu Naidu should take responsibility for these suicides.\"If they cannot resolve the issue, it is better they go back to their places,\" said Nagam Janardhana Reddy. TRS MLAs led by Etala Rajender immediately rushed to Warangal to console the kin of Rajamouli.TDP dissident leaders S Venugopala Chari and K Harishwar Reddy along with independent Nagam Janardhana Reddy also followed them to Warangal. BJP legislators also dashed to Warangal to participate in the last rites of Rajamouli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12424946", "title": "Sunaina in Neerparavai", "text": "Director Seenu Ramasamy's upcoming flick Neerparavai is all set to roll.Seenu Ramasamy, whose Thenmerkku Paruvakatru won the National Award last year, is gearing up to go on floors soon. While Vishnu has been signed up as the lead star, the search was on for a leading lady. Finally, Sunaina has been zeroed in for the role.Udayanidhi Stalin's Red Giant Movies will be producing this venture. The shooting of Neer Paravai will begin from April 2012 onwards and the first schedule will be shot at Tiruchendur.There were reports that Bindu Madhavi would play the female lead in this film. It is not clear yet if the film is a double heroine subject.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12420758", "title": "Trade bodies propose panel for union issues", "text": "NASHIK: Aiming to tackle issues like assaults on industrialists and other union-related matters, industrial associations in the Nashik district have decided to set up a joint panel of experts.The decision was made at the joint meeting of all industrial associations held on Sunday. The meeting was convened in view of the recent attack on an industrialist Santosh Hegde, by his own workers.Hegde suffered serious head injuries and limb fractures in the assault. \"In view of the recent attack on an industrialist by union workers, all the industrial associations in the Nashik district have decided to form a joint panel of experts to tackle such problems. The panel will include past presidentsof industrial associations and senior industrialists,\" NIMA president Dhananjay Bele said.The industrial associations which participated in the meet included Nashik Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (NIMA), Ambad Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (AIMA), Nashik Industrial Co-operative Estate (NICE), National Institute of Personnel Management (NIPAM) and Bhagar Mills Association.\"NIMA endeavours to foster industrial growth within the city through B2B conferences and by inviting foreign trade delegations. Today, Nashik has emerged as the 16th fastest-growing city in the world and 4th in the country. But such attacks will negatively affect our rise as a city. A similar incident had happened 10 years ago in Sinnar, and that had serious consequences on the industrial growth of Nashik. NIMA is already supporting companies that are being harassed by the Mathadi and workers unions for the last eight months. Going forward, NIMA will take action using legal methods,\" Bele added.Emphasising that the attack will deter the entry of new business in the district, AIMA president Dnyaneshwar Gopale, stressed why setting up a legitimate negotiation tool like the expertpanel was important.\"Why will new industries come to Nashik if safety of its industrialists cannot be ensured? Moreover, such incidents will force existing units to shift to other states as well,\" Gopale said. senior member of NIPAM, Shridhar Vyavahare said. Around 200 industrialists participated at the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12422808", "title": "Copyright violation suit withdrawn", "text": "MUMBAI: About five years after dragging Antakshari show producer Gajendra Singh and Star (India) TV to the Bombay high court, Zee TV on Monday withdrew its copyright violation suit against them. A lawyer from representing Zee TV informed the court that his client wished to withdraw the suit. In October 2007, the suit had resulted in an interim order against Star TV and Singh.Advocate Hemlata Marathe who appeared for Gajendra said, \"There is no settlement between Zee and Singh.\" But sources in the industry said that it is likely that the two may work together soon.Zee had taken Singh and Star TV to court after he began producing shows similar to Antakshari which he had conceptualised and produced for Zee for years since 1993. Justice Shiavax Vazifdar in October 2007 had held that there indeed was \"passing off\" and restrained telecast of an Antakshari show in the rival TV channel. Last April, a division bench of the HC sitting in appeal , set aside Justice Vazifdar's order, but for the last four years the show was not on air on Star.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12421891", "title": "Telangana demand stalls House", "text": "HYDERABAD: Members from Telangana region, including those belonging to the TDP and TRS, stalled Assembly proceedings on Monday on their demand that the House move a resolution in support of the formation of a separate state.Unruly scenes were witnessed soon after newly-elected MLAs, who won in the recent byelections, finished taking oath.With TDP and TRS members refusing to resume their seats, speaker Nadendla Manohar adjourned the House for 15 minutes. When the House reconvened at 10.28 am, TDP and TRS members surrounded the Speaker's podium, insisting that the House pass a resolution on the T demand. That led the Speaker to ultimately adjourn the House for the day. Four TRS MLAs, one from BJP and another independent MLA took oath on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12422653", "title": "Nana Patekar is a \u2018hit\u2019 at Kadarpur shooting range", "text": "GURGAON: The CRPF shooting range at Kadarpur has become the centre of attraction with the campus hosting the National Shooting Championship this year. The event, which started on Monday, will have a host of celebrities as participants.On Monday, Bollywood film star Nana Patekar arrived at the range to participate in the 300-metre rifle shooting category. According to a spokesperson, the Bollywood actor has earlier participated in the 2.2 pistol category. He said that he is all excited about the event scheduled for Tuesday morning and that this was the first time he had seen a shooting range of 1,000 metres. The actor has also brought his own rifle.Officials said that 120 participants would compete in the six-day championship. CRPF director general K Vijay Kumar inaugurated the championship on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12421767", "title": "Garbage transfer point at Afzalgunj, for now", "text": "HYDERABAD: Following the AP High Court's direction to modernise Imlibun garbage transfer station, the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) has decided to shift it to the neighbouring Afzalgunj area temporarily after taking consent from locals and public representatives.GHMC commissioner MT Krishna Babu held a meeting with residents and local leaders of Afzalgunj at his chambers on Monday. The commissioner said that as no one would like either a garbage bin or a transfer station in their localities, it had become a herculean task for the corporation to find an alternative site for shifting it even on temporary basis.Earlier, GHMC additional commissioners K Dhananjaya Reddy and L Vandan Kumar held discussions with local leaders and public representatives at Vitobha temple in the afternoon and explained to them the need for shifting the transfer station at Imlibun temporarily for taking up modernisation works.The local leaders suggested some alternative sites, including one opposite the high court, Puranapul, Rangmahal and surrounding areas of Afzalgunj. Both the additional commissioners along with local leaders visited the areas and found out that the sites opposite HC and Rangmahal were under dispute and pending in court. While the site at Puranapul was not feasible as it was too narrow for vehicles to enter, the one in Afzalgunj was found to be feasible.The commissioner said that the GHMC would take a decision after thorough discussions with the locals, area corporators and other public representatives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12424898", "title": "Nagulan: A special shot", "text": "Guess why Nagulan's smiling from ear-to-ear these days?National Award winningdirector Vetri Maaran directed a scene for the actor's forthcoming film, Naan Rajavaga Pogiren, on Elliot's Beach recently.The script for the film, directed by Prithvi Rajkumar, has been written by Vetri Maaran, and the ace director shot a sequence on Prithvi's request.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12422981", "title": "Moral classes for children in temples", "text": "CHENNAI: With a view to inculcate moral values among children, the government proposes to conduct spiritual and moral classes on Saturdays in important temples across the state.Announcing this in the budget presented in the state assembly on Monday, finance minister O Panneerselvam said the students would also be given snacks during the classes and the best students will get prizes at the end of a course.According to sources in the Hindu Religious and Charitable Endowments (HR&CE; ), a teacher will narrate mythological stories and end it with a moral. The students will also get an exposure to slokas and Carnatic musical notations. The teacher will either work free of cost or will be paid an honorarium, the sources said. \"The students will be made to draw mythological characters or Goddess like Saraswathi and prizes will be given at the end of the course. We will provide sundal as snacks at the end of the class,\" the source said.The government said it will take steps to retrieve temple properties by strengthening the special revenue units and revenue courts.The annadhanam (free food) scheme being implemented now in 468 temples across the state will be extended to 50 more temples. The kitchens in these temples will be modernized to provide hygienic prasadams, the minister said. In Srirangam Ranganathaswami and Palani Dhandayudhapani temples, the annadhanam scheme will be implemented between 8am and 10pm.A special cable car will be operated for women, differently-abled and children to reach the hill top at Palani where the temple is located. A Yatri Niwas under construction at a cost of 25 crore at Srirangam will be completed this year, the minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12422501", "title": "Unreserved ticketing system at more railway stations", "text": "INDORE: Unreserved ticketing system (UTS) has now been made available in 34 more stations across Ratlam division under the Western Railways. PRO (WR) Pradeep Sharma said that earlier the UTS facility was available only in 32 stations out of 119 under the division, and with the addition of 34 more stations, the UTS is now available in 66 stations.The stations to have this facilities are: Tarana road, Tajpur, Pingleshwar, Pir Umrod, Akodiya, Rajendra Nagar, Kalisindh, Bolai, Rau, Piploda Bagla, Unhel, Palsoda Makdavan, Aslanda, Jabdi, Parbati, Nai Khedi, Baktal, Bhairongarh, Mangliagaon, Pachava, Jawad Road, Limkheda, Naranjipur, Bakaniya Bhaunri, Santrod, Dhodar, Dalaoda, Mangalmahudi, Fanda, Bangrod, Namli, Ravli, Anas and Runkhedi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12425589", "title": "Scolded by mother, girl commits suicide", "text": "KANPUR: A Class XI student allegedly ended her life by hanging herself on late Monday night in Bithoor police area. She was identified as Suhani, daughter of Ram Avtaar, a shutter mechanic and a resident of Daipur.Family said she had been piqued over being scolded by her mother over some petty issue on Monday afternoon.According to police, the girl was found hanging in a room of her house by her brother on Monday. He later raised an alarm and informed other family members, who rushed her to a private nursing home from where she was referred to Lala Lajpat Rai Hospital where she later died.Police said Suhani's parents said she was doing Class XI from a local college. She was reprimanded by her mother on Monday. Later, she went inside her room and locked. She then hanged herself by a cloth, 'dupatta'. No suicide note was, however, recovered. The body has been sent for autopsy.Meanwhile, arevolver belonging to a lawyer misfired in his chamber at the Collectorate on Monday, leaving him injured. The Kotwali police had launched an investigation in this regard.Lawyer Wasim Akhtar, a resident of Jajmau, was sitting inside his chamber when the incident took place.Wasim had tucked the revolver near his waist.The bullet grazed the thigh of Wasim. He was taken to a private hospital and discharged after treatment.A four-wheeler allegedly being driven in high speed rammed it into a doctor couple who were on a morning walk in Swaroop Nagar on Monday. The injured were rushed to hospital with multiple wounds.The doctor couple, Atul Tandon and his wife Anita, who resided in Swaroop Nagar, were taking a walk near Gastro Lever Hospital when the incident occurred on Monday morning.The accused driver is at large while the police have lodged an FIR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12424565", "title": "Finally, Ananya says no to Anjaneyan", "text": "Ananya's father had filed a complaint against Anjaneyan for cheating them by not disclosing about his first marriage and the divorce case going on. However, Ananya, who was engaged to Anjaneyan, was set on marrying him.She had even gone on record saying that no one can stop her marriage with Anjaneyan. But the actress seems to have undergone a change of mind now. Yes, Ananya has said that she would prefer to concentrate in her acting career at the moment as some good offers are coming her way.She has also canceled her marriage indefinitely. According to sources close to Ananya, she may have been brainwashed by her parents, who have her best interests in mind rather than anything else.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12422770", "title": "Three drops of blood to ward off mental retardation", "text": "LUCKNOW: Doctors associated with the newborn screening programme stressed upon the need to rope in gynaecologists and paediatricians working privately. The programme started by department of medical genetics, Sanjay Gandhi Post Graduate Institute of Medical Sciences in association with Queen Mary Hospital of Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj Medical University, aims to identify three genetic disorders.Under this, newborns are screened for congenital hypothyroidism, galactosemia, and biotin deficiency disorder so that they could be saved from mental retardation. For the purpose, three drops of blood are drawn from the newborn's heel and sent for testing. As of now, the service is being provided free of cost, but once the grant from the funding agency (department of biotechnology in this case) ceases, the test would cost anything between Rs 300 and 500. The programme is spread across Veerangana Avanti Bai, Jhalkari Bai and Ram Manohar Lohia's women hospitals in the city. Government hospital Barabanki and Bal evum Mahila Chikitsalaya, Khairabad Sitapur are also a part of the programme.Talking to reporters on the occasion of mid-term review of the programme, HoD, medical genetics, SGPGI, Prof Shubha Phadke said, \"So far, we have been able to screen 7,000 children. Of them four children tested positive for congenital hypothyroidism, while one was born with biotin deficiency disorder. This is in consonance with the national average for genetic diseases (1/1,000 children).\" Dr Vinita Das who heads Queen Mary Hospital said, \"Early identification can help children lead a normal life. Also, treatment in all these diseases is quite cost-effective. In case of congenital hypothyroidism and biotin deficiency disease, replacement therapy can help, while in galactosemia, enzyme correction therapy is prescribed.\"Prof Phadke said that as of now, the test is conducted free of cost. But there is need to think seriously in terms of checking preventable mental retardation in children. \"The authorities must come forward for a larger cause once the pilot project is over,\" she said. \"Associations like FOGSI (a national body to private gynaecologists) and private doctors can play a major role in generating awareness for the preventable causes of disability,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12422468", "title": "Indore Development Authority to give up MR 9 project", "text": "INDORE: The ambitious MR 9 project, which comes under the master plan with a 200-metre wide road connecting a stretch of 10 km from Anand Nagar to Ring Road via AB Road of the city, seems to have been given up even before its completion due to non-removal of around 125 houses coming on its way.The decision was taken at the Indore Development Authority's (IDA) board meeting here on Monday that the project will be closed and the remaining work will be carried out in second phase. IDA sources said that the abandoning of MR 9 project may also affect the BRTS project in the city.IDA was constructing the MR 9 road project under JNNURM at a cost of Rs 39 crore. Till now, around Rs 27 crore had been spent on the project that is still incomplete at Sambhand Sethi Nagar and Sanjay Gandhi Nagar.\"Most of the project is complete and only certain portion of the road is incomplete due to obstacles coming on the project's way. Right now, the IDA board has decided to close the project and remaining work will be carried out in the second phase,\" said IDA CEO Chandramouli Shukla. Around 125 houses were coming on the way of the project and IDA as well as the administration failed to remove them. IDA had even offered to give houses in its scheme to those who give their land and houses for the project. However, people refused the offer as they were demanding plots in IDA scheme against their house. The non-completion of MR 9 due to encroachment may also affect another ambitious project, BRTS, which is also being delayed due to delay in removing encroachments. Officials fear that BRTS may also meet the fate of MR 9.Meanwhile, IDA gets a breather for high-level bridge at Gangaur Ghat .\"The owner of the land, which was coming on the way of the bridge, has agreed to give his plot to IDA for construction of bridge,\" said Shukla adding that Rs 1.40 crore was approved for the bridge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12425824", "title": "Lady Broker To Repair Nayan's Affair", "text": "Sources are saying that Kushboo a common friend is attempting to broker a settlement between Nayan and Prabhudeva.What was considered as a wildest affair once came to a shocking halt with the happening celebrities calling it quits. Sources are saying that a common friend is attempting to broker a settlement between the two.Known for her open talks about sex and her sexiness yesteryear, Kushboo took charge to repair this affair. But, when Kushboo is asked about the same, she responded that she cannot flag peace between them as it is their personal problem, though I'm their common friend. However she has given a hint that she is in the process by saying that she will not reveal any such attempt to media even if she does one.With Prabhudeva becoming busy with work in Hindi circuit, Nayan is getting hard to forget him. She is signing all films that are coming her way to wipe out the traces of our dancer-man. We have to see what 'fevi-quick' Kushboo uses to glue these shattered film celebrities!Source: Gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12422421", "title": "A hot bath for your feet", "text": "Naturopathy expert Satish Bajaj says a hot foot bath is very beneficial for getting rid of toxins from the skinNaturopathy uses five elements of nature for healing and a hot foot bath combines two of these elements - heat and water. This simple bath can be done at home. Sit on a stool and put your feet in a bucket of hot water filled up to the knee level. The temperature of the water should be high but tolerable. Wrap yourself in a blanket up to the neck, including the bucket. After short intervals, add more hot water to the bucket to maintain a constant high temperature of the water. For quick reaction and to maintain proper hydration, drink one to two glasses of hot water.Keep the head coolThe head and neck are kept cool with a cold wet towel to avoid blood rush to the brain. The duration of the hot foot bath should be of 20-30 minutes. After this, a short cold bath is advised. End the treatment by wrapping a blanket to warm the body again. How it worksThe bath increases body temperature by continuous heating of the circulating blood. The higher temperature speeds up internal body functions and chemical reactions. The heart rate increases along with circulation. This speeds up exchange of oxygen and carbon dioxide. The high temperature helps in breaking congestion in the organs with subsequent release of toxins. The released toxins are carried towards the excretory organs for expulsion. Urine output also increases. Mucus and phlegm break down and are liquefied. Sweating caused by a hot foot bath is the greatest detoxifier. The toxins, fats and other waste matter deposited in the upper layers of the skin which can't be excreted by the kidneys, find their way out easily from the skin. As a result of all these actions, a hot foot bath is very helpful in treating diseases like asthma , bronchitis , pneumonia, obesity , insomnia in winters, low blood pressure, scanty or late menstrual bleeding, painful menstruation, chronic renal problems, stones and constipation. However, a hot foot bath is not recommended for paralytic patients or for those who have high blood pressure , or have internal or external bleeding problems like piles, fissures, fistula, varicose veins , or other such conditions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12423002", "title": "Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation will tighten quality check on milk", "text": "HUBLI: In the wake of busting of a milk adulteration racket in Bangalore, the Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation (HDMC) is planning to take stringent measures to check the quality of milk being supplied in the twin cities.People in Hubli-Dharwad consume milk supplied by various dairies under different brands. The seizure of huge quantity of adulterated milk in Bangalore has come as a wake up call for the local administration to keep strict vigil on milk dairies to ensure that people get quality milk.Hubli, Dharwad and other parts of north Karnataka get milk from Kolhapur, Belgaum and Maharasthra dairies.Speaking to TOI, Dr P N Biradar, health officer, HDMC said, in quality milk, milk fat should be more than 4.5% while solid-not-fat content must be more than 7.5%.If these proportions are not complied with, the milk is considered adulterated.Usually, starch, sugar contents and urea are used in milk for adulteration. Apart from this, hydrogen peroxide and washing soda are also added. As per a study by the HDMC, it is mainly starch and sugar that are used for adulterating milk in north Karnataka region, he added.K V Trilokchandra, commissioner, HDMC said: After the seizer of huge quantity of adulterated milk in Bangalore, we have decided to check the quality of milk supplied in the twin cities on regular basis. At present, we are conducting quality check once or twice a year, but now we are planning to get milk checked by the health lab once in two months to ensure that milk which is being supplied to people is safe to consume.HDMC has collected samples of about nine milk brands and sent it to the Public Health Institute Laboratory, Bangalore, for examination.He also appealed to the people of twin cities to bring it to the notice of the corporation if they find adulterated milk being sold in their areas, so that immediate action can be taken against the suppliers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12422294", "title": "Budget passed amid Opposition walkout", "text": "BHOPAL: The Opposition Congress on Monday staged a walkout in the Madhya Pradesh Vidhan Sabha, opposing imposition of VAT on electricity and other items even as the assembly passed by voice vote the budget for the fiscal 2012-13 and the related appropriation bill.The appropriation bill is a legislative motion, which authorises the government to spend money on the basis of budget proposals that sets money aside for specific spending.Participating in the debate on the appropriation bill, leader of the opposition Ajay Singh alleged that the state government, which has been making tall claims about the so-called agriculture budget, betrayed the farmers when it came to presenting the budget. Initially, the government spoke about earmarking 40% of the budget provisions for agriculture but the budget for fiscal 2012-13 provided only 17% of the total budget allocation.Choudhary Rakesh Singh and Narmada Prasad Prajapati (both Congress legislators) criticised the government decision to slap 5% VAT on electricity, sugar and textiles saying that it would put additional burden on the common masses.Finance minister Raghavji defended the budget proposals saying that it aimed at triggering state's growth even while protecting the interests of the common masses.However, the opposition Congress legislators staged a walkout, demanding the roll-back of VAT and opposing what they termed as anti-people proposals in the budget. After the minister's reply, the house passed the appropriation bill by voice-vote.In the last week of February, state finance minister Raghavji had presented the 2012-13 budget, which showed a revenue deficit of Rs 107.19 crore. As per the budget estimates, receipts during the next financial year would be Rs. 80,000.24 crore, while expenditure would be Rs. 80,030.98 crore.The revenue during the next financial year is expected to be Rs. 69,913 crore, of which, Rs. 28,311 crore would come from state taxes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12422690", "title": "Raje questions viability of schemes for urban poor", "text": "Leader of opposition in the Rajasthan Legislative Assembly Vasundhara Raje came down heavily on the Ashok Gehlot government, for presenting a \"visionless\" and \"directionless\" budget. She questioned the viability of schemes like affordable homes for the urban BPL families, which was announced by chief minister Ashok Gehlot.\"The state government should explain how is it going to manage a house for Rs 50,000 in an urban area like Jaipur? The project is not quite feasible. The government is facing problems providing affordable housing in rural areas, how will it manage a similar scheme in urban areas?'' said Raje, addressing a media briefing at the Rajasthan Assembly on Monday.Raje claimed that Gehlot had made an attempt to cover the fact that the Congress- government in the state had failed to do anything in the last three years, by making tall promises.\"Announcements have been several but what has the government done in the last three years? The new announcements seem very promising in black and white but the state government might be trying to sell golden dreams but what about implementation of these projects,'' said Raje, adding that Gehlot seems to be having the next assembly elections on mind.The former chief minister claimed that it is unlikely that the state government would be able to implement the projects or complete them by next year. Making announcements is not enough, implementing them with honesty is the state government's responsibility, which is unlikely,'' said Raje.She alleged that most of the announcements were not new and were made by the BJP in 2007-2008. \"We had an unemployment allowance scheme, which was discontinued by the state government and now it is re-launching the scheme. We had announced the three universities in Bharatpur, Sikar and Alwar, had the state government acted on time, by now the people in the area would have been reaping the benefits,'' she said, alleging that most schemes though presented as independent ones were not of the ruling party.Raje claimed that it was unfortunate that the state was facing a deficit of Rs 8,650 crores and that the revenue of the state is lesser than its expenditure. \"One can get the idea by the figures about how bad the financial situation of the state,'' said Raje.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12420295", "title": "Neeri meet to assess enviroment impact", "text": "NAGPUR: With increasing awareness about environment, society in general and environmental activists in particular have become conscious about the impact of industrial and other development projects.With a view to equip its own scientists with latest tools and techniques of Environmental Impact and Risk Assessment (EIRA) and scientists from different parts of the country, National Environmental Engineering Research Institute (Neeri) is organizing a three-day international conference from Wednesday.The conference 'Recent Developments in Environmental Impact Assessment and Integrated Approach for Carbon Management-Solutions, Technology Development and Pollution Abatement' is aimed at equipping the participants with changes and developments that have occurred in EIRA assessment from 1994 till date.Speaking to reporters about the conference, Neeri director Satish Wate said that the participants would return equipped with the latest developments in the field. \"EIA is a major decision making tool in the process of development planning for sectors like industry, infrastructure, mining and irrigation etc,\" Wate said.It was the ministry of environment and forests that initiated the EIA procedure in 1986 and brought out a detailed notification first in 1994 and an amended one in 2006. The new EIA now included science and technology, society and risk in an integrated form. Public hearing was made manadatory for projects,\" said Wate.The conference will cover screening process, scope, public consultations and decentralization of power to the state government, green chemistry and green technologies. The amendment now includes rules for hazardous waste management, wildlife conservation and changes made in the water and air quality parameters. Second phase of conference will focus on carbon management -carbon sequestration, carbon credit, cleaner development mechanism and carbon products.K P Nayati, CEO, Sustainable Mining Initiative, and S K Bhargava, chairman of State expert appraisal committee, Uttar Pradesh and Dr S K Panigrahi, director general of Carbon Minus India will also attend the meet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12422700", "title": "Saraswati Kunj inspected by divisional commissioner", "text": "GURGAON: Divisional commissioner R K Sharma for the first time carried out an inspection of the Saraswati Kunj Cooperative Housing Society to take stock of the problems faced by residents for the past several years.After the Punjab and Haryana high court order, the state government appointed a committee to manage the society that is caught in several financial irregularities.The inspection was planned after a recent meeting of the committee members including Sharma and HUDA administrator Praveen Kumar. The government had recently included Kumar in the committee.During the inspection, Sharma took note of the poor condition of roads, sanitation and infrastructure in the society. \"I'm here to see the actual situation in the society. Roads in the society are in a bad shape and concrete debris dumped at several places,\" he said.The residents spoke to the divisional commissioner and apprised him of the problems faced by them. \"The society has three main access roads but no one to man the entry and exit points. Tractors laden with concrete debris enter the society and dump the waste,\" said Anil Sehgal, a resident. Sharma instructed the manager of the society, Yogesh Aggarwal, to station security guards at the society's entry and exit points.The society also has a blocked drain. \"Sewage from nearby colonies is brought in tankers and then dumped in the drain, making it a major health hazard,\" said Sehgal.Usha Sethi, an another resident, informed Sharma that how she was not able to live in her society house because of encroachments. \"I have a house here but due to the encroachements by nearby slum dwellers, I'm not able to stay there. I'm living in a rented house in Ardee City.\"Sharma took note of the encroachments and promised immediate action. Heaving a sigh of relief after the commissioner's visit, Sehgal said, \"The commissioner has informed the residents that the HUDA administrator will be visiting the society and taking necessary action.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12421856", "title": "Dead man\u2019s kin get Rs 25L", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has awarded a compensation of over Rs 25 lakh to the family of a Delhi Jal Board (DJB) employee, who died after being hit by a car in 2010.Motor Accident Claims Tribunal (MACT) directed National Insurance Company Ltd, with which the Maruti car was insured, to pay Rs 25,20,914 to the wife and five children of Ram Kishan Sharma, who was working as an assistant pump driver with Delhi Jal Board. \"I, accordingly, grant a compensation to the tune of Rs 25,20,914 to all the petitioners (family members of Sharma) with interest,\" MACT presiding officer B S Chumbak said. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12424874", "title": "Pandiraj is yet to decide on the cast", "text": "Director Pandiraj is basking in the success of his Marina, which completed 50 days in the theatres last week.Currently, the National Award-winning director is busy with the script of his next, which he says will be a romantic comedy. While there are reports that he has roped in Vimal and Sivakarthikeyan for the film, Pandiraj reveals that he is yet to begin casting for the film.\"I'm still not done with the script. I'm someone who believes in casting only after I have the complete script ready. I had expressed in one of my interviews to a TV channel that I would like to bring together the actors with whom I have worked in my earlier films. Since the script I'm working on is a two-hero subject, people cottoned on to the notion that I have cast these two stars,\" he clarifies.Meanwhile, Pandiraj will also be penning the dialogues for a film that will be directed by Suseenthiran.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12421512", "title": "Should riot probe reports be given to Nanavati Commission, SIT asks SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pressed by Justice Nanavati Commission inquiring into 2002 Gujarat riots, the Supreme Court- appointed Special Investigation Team (SIT) headed by former CBI Director R K Raghavan on Monday asked the apex court whether to part with the probe reports.The apex court had on August 19, 2010, directed the SIT, which investigated 10 sensitive riot cases, not to give Gujarat CM Narendra Modi's statement to the inquiry commission.\"We direct that the said statement shall not be supplied to the said Commission. We further direct that the SIT shall not divulge any information collected by it during the course of investigations, directed by this court to anyone, except to the trial court and the public prosecutor concerned, if such an occasion arises, without the leave of the court,\" it had said.If the August 2010 order put at rest the commission's request for supply of Modi's statement, the Nanavati panel on September 5, 2011, issued summons to the SIT chairman and members asking them to furnish statements of P C Pande, Ashok Navarang, Nityanandam, K Chakravarty, P K Mishra, Anil Mukim, Sanjiv Bhatt and other persons in respect of the meeting held at the CM's residence on February 27, 2002, and the meeting by CM on February 28, 2002.The SIT cited the SC's August, 2010, order and expressed its inability to provide these to the Commission. But the panel on September 30, 2011, asked for copies of statements recorded by the SIT in relation to Gulbarg Society, Naroda Gaam and Naroda Patiya cases on the ground that the apex court has disposed of the petition on September 12, 2011.The panel said if the SIT failed to produce the documents, the commission would proceed against the chairman and members as per law.The dilemma faced by the SIT was put forth by senior advocate Harish Salve before a bench headed by Justices D K Jain, who also headed the special bench that dealt with the Gujarat riot case appeals. As suggested by Salve, Justice Jain felt that since he was occupied with a constitution bench matter, it would be convenient to deal with SIT's plea in chamber.However, Justice Jain asked Teesta Setalvad's counsel Aparna Bhat to respond to the matter brought before the apex court by the SIT.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12422238", "title": "Video of slain IPS officer\u2019s poems a big hit", "text": "BHOPAL: Barely three weeks after he was mowed down by a tractor trolley carrying illegally mined stones in Morena, the slain IPS officer Narendra Kumar is making waves on the Internet. This time for the lines he penned down in leisure that has been uploaded on YouTube by an electronic channel.In about 24 hours, the page already has more than 500 views and 15 likes.The video shows a footage where late Narendra is reciting a couple of poems written by him during an orientation course in Mussorie in 2009. Kumar was known for his passion towards writing on contemporary issues and happenings among his batch mates.Keshav Dev, father of Narendra Kumar talking to TOI said, \"He had been penning poems and plays during the last few years. We are now hoping to retrieve his laptop, presently in police custody. It carries all his works.\"One of the poems by the slain officer reads, \"Bhagat Singh ki laash awaaz de rahi hai ki desh ke naujawano, desh ki durdasha pe tum shaant kyun ho?\" (Bhagat Singh is asking the youth why are they silent at the deteriorating situation in the country). Kumar's passion shines through his recital of the poem which is laced with patriotic sentiments.A second poem, titled Kashmir, rues about the present status in the strife-torn valley. The lines read \"Mann karta hai phool chadha dun loktantra ki arthi par\" (I feel like paying homage to the remains of democracy). The poem goes on to praise the likes of Sardar Patel and the need for them today.\"...Ki kayarta na samjho singho ki khamoshi ko...Main ghati ke aansuon ka santap mitane nikla hun.\" (Do not take the silence of the lions as cowardice...I have dedicated myself in alleviating the pains of the valley.\"The page has been flooded with comments paying tribute to him. One reads \"really awesome poem..brave heart, poem by real brave charismatic hero ..kudos to Shaheed Narender Kumar.\" Another slams the government for his death. \"Jo desh ek IPS ki raksha nahi kar sakta woh aam aadmi ko kya bachayega?\" (How can a country that cannot protect an IPS officer, protect a common man?)\"Anna read this poetry at Jantar Mantar today as a tribute to slain IPS officer Narendra Kumar and the late officer's wife was there too...Loved the poetry though. WOW!!!,\" reads another. Narendra Kumar, an IPS officer was mowed down by the mining mafia in Morena, Madhya Pradesh on March 8.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12422921", "title": "Girl who was shot at battles for life", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Twenty four-year-old Poonam, who was shot at from a point-blank range, is battling for life in the emergency ward of PGI. The bullet from .32bore revolver pierced her stomach and led to excessive internal bleeding in the body.Talking to TOI, the doctor treating the girl said, \"The excessive bleeding has led to weakness in her body and she is being given blood since Sunday evening. A surgery will be conducted after removing the bullet from her body.\" Though family members of the girl refused to comment, a distant relative said, \"We had never thought that the drinking habit of her father Ram Phal will lead to such a situation.\" Ram Phal was advised by all family members to leave his drinking habit but he did not pay any heed, the relative added.A number of relatives and friends of Poonam rushed to the hospital after learning about the incident. Rakhi Sharma, her colleague, said, \"Poonam is the favourite of her friends due to her soft spoken and good behaviour.\"Ram Phal, a senior audit officer with AG office, Haryana, was arrested hours after the incident and was sent in one-day police custody on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12422726", "title": "Khambata is state\u2019s new advocate general", "text": "MUMBAI: Darius Khambata, the additional solicitor general (ASG) is now the new Maharashtra advocate general (AG). The state cabinet on Monday approved Khambata as the state's top law officer, two months after Ravi Kadam resigned from the post.The legal fraternity welcomed Khambata's appointment , which comes three days before his 51st birthday. Goolam Vahanvati, the attorney general for India and who was the Maharashtra advocate general in the early 2000, said, \"It is an excellent choice. The Centre's loss is the state's gain.\"Khambata, a Harvard Law alumnus, prefers to keep a low profile. He is the member of the London court of international arbritation. As the top law officer for the central government in Mumbai, he appeared in all leading matters including the Adarsh scam, Lavasa, for the CBI and ED. He is well known in the law corridors for his \"formidable reputation for the most painstaking preparation of his matters,\" as the Bombay Bar Association had said on his appointment as the ASG in July 2009.Kadam, Khambata's predecessor , said \"CM Prithviraj Chavan has chosen a man of proven competence.\" He will \"make one of the finest AGs we have seen in a long time,\" said a senior counsel Janak Dwarkadas . A reluctant Khambata smiled and declined to comment on his shift from the ASG's office to the AG's , on the same floor in the Bombay HC premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12422906", "title": "HC gives Tata project conditional go ahead", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Giving the Tata Group a conditional go ahead, Punjab and Haryana high court on Monday asked it to get necessary clearances under relevant statute for the construction of its much-touted Tata Camelot Housing Project.Under the project, Tata has planned to construct lavish multi-strorey housing apartments adjoining the Capitol Complex.The directions were passed by a division bench comprising Chief Justice Ranjan Gogoi and Justice Mahesh Grover while disposing off a Public Interest Litigation (PIL).The PIL had prayed for quashing of the project sanction, given allegedly in violation of the Punjab New Capital (periphery) Control Act, 1952, edict of the city of Chandigarh as conceptualized by Le Corbusier , and Sukhna choe of which the concerned area is a reservoir/catchments area.In its 55-page judgment, the bench held that provisions of the Periphery Control Act and the 1995 Act are complementary to each other and provisions of the two statutes would apply to the housing project in question.The company, therefore, will have to comply with all the requirements spelt out by both the statutes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12421421", "title": "Commuters suffer as snag paralyses Metro services", "text": "KOLKATA: Barely a couple of hours after newly appointed railway minister Mukul Roy held a meeting with Metro Railway officials on Monday, services in the city's lifeline suffered one of the worst snags in recent times. Services between the Dum Dum and Mahatma Gandhi Road stations came to a complete standstill for nearly three hours, causing immense problems for evening peak hour commuters. The matter will certainly come up for discussion when Roy holds a second round of talks with Metro officials in Kolkata on Tuesday.Trouble started at 3.56pm when a Kavi Subhas-bound train entered Girish Park station. After its scheduled stop, the train started but came to a standstill within seconds. All efforts to restart the train failed. Commuters were evacuated and engineers reached the station to try and get the train moving.\"In spite of all efforts, the wheels would not budge. Initially, we thought that the problem was due to brake binding but this was not the case. We could not use another rake to push the affected one to the carshed as the wheels were not moving at all. It was much later that engineers realized that the traction motor had failed. It was well after 6 pm, and that too after a lot of effort, that we managed to move the rake to the Y-Siding at Girish Park,\" an official said.The Y-Siding is the stretch of tracks between the two main ones. The Y-Siding is used to move rakes from one track to the other during emergencies. With the affected rake blocking the tracks till then, services could only be run between Kavi Subhas and Maidan initially. Later, services were extended up to the Central station. However, commuters who travel to the north of the city by Metro had to depend on the good old surface transport.The commuters' woes didn't come to a complete end even after the rake was moved to the Y-Siding around 6.15pm though. With a rake occupying the siding, signals refused to work at Girish Park station. As a result, station staff had to issue 'paper signals' to the motormen of trains when they stopped at the station. This took some time and commuters were certainly not amused.\"It was an unfortunate incident and we have ordered an inquiry. This was not an AC rake, but our conventional rakes are fit enough to run till March 2013, after which 13 of them will be phased out. We have still not found out whether the affected rake belonged to the oldest lot that is still in service,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "hisar", "code": "12421490", "title": "INLD won't allow setting up of n-power plant: Ajay Chautala", "text": "HISAR: General secretary of Haryana's main opposition party, Indian National Lok Dal, Ajay Singh Chautala , on Monday declared that INLD won't allow the government set up the proposed nuclear power plant at Gorakhpur village of Fatehabad district.Addressing party workers at Hisar, Ajay Singh said, \"Area ke lakhon logon ki jameen INLD khatre me nahi padne dega aur Gorakhpur me kisi bhe kimat par parmanu bijli ghar nahi banne dega. Eske liye chahe hume sineh par kyun na goli khaani pade. (We will not let the government build nuclear power plant at this site at any cost. If the government tries to force its way, we are ready to face the consequences).\" The plant is to be set up in 1,313 acres of land falling in Gorakhpur, Kajalheri and Badopal villages in Fatehabad.The INLD has supported the demand of protesting farmers to shift the proposed power plant from the district. Farmers are sitting on a dharna for the last 594 days in this regard, alleging that the government was not addressing their concerns.\"The nuclear power plant is unsafe for humans as well as wildlife in adjoining areas. Even developed countries like Japan had faced nuclear disaster. How can Haryana government assure about the safety of the plant\", he questioned.Hans Raj Siwach, president of Kisan Sangharsh Samiti, said that their agitation would continue until the government withdraws the project from there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12422054", "title": "Expansion of sector-specific forecast services on cards", "text": "PUNE: Director General of Meteorology (DGM) L S Rathore has said that the India Meteorological Department (IMD) will expand its sector-specific weather forecasting services by focussing on newer areas such as surface transport, pilgrimages and power sectors.\"As of now, we are providing services to civil aviation and agriculture sectors. We have to move beyond these sectors in view of the growing demand for our services,\" Rathore told reporters on the sidelines of the 25th session of the World Meteorological Organisation's executive panel of experts on education and training.The four-day session, being attended by 20 delegates from 17 countries, is hosted by the IMD's National Meteorological Training Institute at Pashan. It will deliberate on issues relating to global framework for climate services; new ISO standards for accrediting non-university training institutes in meteorology and a review of trainers' competencies for human resource to meet WMO's training requirement.Rathore, who took over as the DGM on February 1, said minimising errors in IMD's observation and forecasting system will remain a prime goal for him. \"The Ministry of Earth Sciences (MoES) has also started a drive for modernisation of IMD's observation facilities. We are in the process of augmenting our surface observation system besides forecasting infrastructure,\" he said.\"The next generation Indian satellite (INSAT) 3-D, which is primarily a meteorological satellite, is expected to be launched by the Indian space research organisation by the end of this year,\" he said. The launch of this satellite will enhance IMD's observation and forecasting capabilities, he added.Rathore said, \"We are seeking funds for 30 Doppler radars under the 12th Five Year Plan. This is in addition to the 12 Doppler radars, which have been installed at strategic locations across the country and another four Doppler radars, which are in the process of being installed.\"This apart, the IMD has set up a network of 550 automatic weather stations and have installed 800 of the 1,350 automatic rain gauges, which will improve the observation system. \"We have 40 weather stations in the country but there are reference stations, which are serving the purpose of calibration of satellite and radar information,\" he said.Referring to the climate change initiatives of the central government, Rathore said that the IMD has a key role to play especially in context with the agri-meteorological services. \"While the Indian Council for Agricultural Research is focussing on development of low-cost, high-yielding and weather resistant varieties of cultivars, we (IMD) have a role in extending services to the farming community to forewarn them about the climate variability,\" he said.\"More than climate change, it is the climate variability, which differs from various agro-climate zones, that matters most to the farmers. We have to equip them with information in advance and generate advisories as to what should be done in the context of such variability,\" he said.Rathore said, \"An internal economic impact assessment done by us at 15 locations under different agricultural universities, showed that the farmers availing of advanced information and advisory services have benefitted 8% to 10% in terms of cost vis-a-vis increase in crop yield; increase in quality and reduced inputs such as pesticides, irrigation and fertiliser.\"He said, \"The MoES later commissioned another study by the National Centre for Applied Economic Research, which pointed out that the benefits from the existing level of outreach i.e., the number of farmers reached through these services, was Rs 50,000 crore per annum. We are providing SMS forecast services to 3 million farmers, which is still very poor and we have to strengthen this activity.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12423264", "title": "PIs to probe missing kids cases", "text": "VADODARA: In a bid to trace the kids, who went missing in the city over the past few years, the police have decided to amend the way in which the cases are investigated. City police commissioner Satish Sharma recently issued orders wherein senior cops have been asked to investigate the complaints of missing kids. Also, instead of waiting for 24 hours, the police will have to take action swiftly after a complaint of missing persons is lodged.Sharma said a system has been put in place to treat new complaints of missing persons proactively. \"Till recently, the cases of missing kids and adults were being investigated by head constables. I have instructed that police inspectors will investigate the cases of missing children while police sub-inspectors will probe adult missing cases. Senior policemen can investigate such cases efficiently,\" Sharma told TOI. \"We are focusing on missing children as they are more vulnerable compared to adults. Most kids, who escape from their homes, willingly return within a couple of days. But, those who prefer to stay away, can fall into wrong hands. Putting some additional efforts can help the police trace such kids,\" Sharma added.In 2011, 679 persons went missing of whom 540 returned home. Of this, 228 were below the age of 18. Girls constituted a major chunk among the missing children. Of 228 missing children, 166 were girls while 62 were boys. Figures showed that 198 children returned to their homes while the rest still remain untraceable. Of 166 missing girls, 138 came back and of 62 boys, 55 returned home.Among adults, 451 persons had gone missing, but 347 later returned home. \"Earlier, police took about two days to disseminate information of missing persons to departments concerned that led to considerable delay. Now, soon after a complaint of missing persons is lodged, the details and photographs of missing person will be circulated among all the departments through email within a couple of hours. This will help us to begin the search immediately,\" Sharma said.The cops have been asked to start tracing the mobile numbers of missing persons on a continuous basis and to be in regular touch with the victim's family members. Also, the cops will seek help of FM radio stations to give out the details of missing children. \"Usually, many children return home within a few hours of escape. So we prefer to wait for some time. Also, in many cases parents don't inform us if their missing children return home. This causes inconvenience to us as we put in lot of energy and time to trace missing people,\" a police official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12426013", "title": "That's My Boy trailer is out!", "text": "He might have earned Razzie infamy with his previous release Jack &amp; Jill, but Adam Sandler shows no sign of slowing down.The comedian is back with his next film That's My Boy, which also has Godfather actor James Caan in a supporting role. Remember, Jack &amp; Jill too had a Godfather connect, via a cameo by Al Pacino.As for the plot of the new film, here it goes. While still in his teens, Donny (Adam Sandler) fathered a son, Todd ( Andy Samberg ), and raised him as a single parent up until Todd's 18th birthday. Now, after not seeing each other for years, Todd's world comes crashing down on the eve of his wedding when an uninvited Donny suddenly shows up. Trying desperately to reconnect with his son, Donny is now forced to deal with the repercussions of his bad parenting skills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12421953", "title": "Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation panel elections today", "text": "PUNE: Members of the standing, law, sports, city improvement and women and child welfare committees of the Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation will be elected on Tuesday during the general body meeting.The standing committee is crucial since it controls the Rs 2,000-crore budget of the civic body. It prepares the draft annual budget and approves allotment of contracts for developmental projects.The ruling Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) has 83 corporators in the PCMC. The Congress has 14 corporators, Shiv Sena also has 14, Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) has four, Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has three and the Republican Party of India (RPI) (Athavale group) has one. There are nine independent corporators in the civic body, eight of whom are supporting the Congress. The Shiv Sena and the RPI (Athavale group) have formed a group and have a strength of 15 corporators.Municipal secretary Subhash Kale said, \"The NCP is entitled to 10 seats in the standing committee. The Congress and independents are entitled to three, the Shiv Sena and the RPI (Athavale group) can get two seats and the MNS is entitled to one seat. If there is a realignment of the parties, then the seat distribution could change.\"Bhausaheb Bhoir, president, Pimpri Chinchwad unit of Congress, said, \"The Congress will nominate candidates for the two seats and leave one seat in the standing committee for the independents supporting us.\"Thirty-three corporators from NCP are aspiring for membership in the standing committee, while six corporators of the Congress are also in the fray.Meanwhile, there are nine seats each in the law, city improvement, sports and women and child welfare committees. Some seats in the women and child welfare committee are also for open candidates. Kale said, \"The NCP is entitled to six seats each of law, city improvement and sports committee. It is also entitled to five seats reserved for women and two seats for open candidates in the women and child welfare committee.\"He said that Congress and allies with a total strength of 22 are entitled for three seats of standing committee, two seats each of law, sports and city improvement and one seat reserved for women in the women and child welfare committee. The Sena and RPI (Athavale group) will get one seat each in the four civic committees, while the MNS, the BJP and one independent corporator are not entitled to any seat in these committees.From the NCP, there are 15 aspirants for the law committee, 11 for women and child welfare committee, six aspirants for city improvement committee and five for the sports committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12422719", "title": "Gehlot opens his poll vault", "text": "JAIPUR: Making populism the cornerstone of Budget 2012-13 , chief minister Ashok Gehlot appeared to have embarked on a campaign trail ahead of the assembly elections due only next year. His announcements on unemployment allowances and doling out laptops stand out as ample testimony for the populist exercise . While the overwhelming thrust on social sector like health , education, rural infrastructure and agriculture reflected a mix of prudence and populism , Gehlot took care not to disappoint the urban middle-class .The sops extended to farmers in the form of interest rate waiver on loans up to Rs 1 lakh didn't come at the cost of urban citizens . Rather , the middle-class has reasons to rejoice as prices of cars , motorcycles and sunglasses will be cheaper . While the reduction of VAT on petrol may not be much of a reason to celebrate , Gehlot, in a sort of symbolic gesture , admitted that the tax rates are higher in the state and needed to be aligned with the neighbouring states .The new tax proposals are estimated to bring Rs 300 crore to the government and exemptions will cost Rs 225 crore , bringing a net gain of Rs 75 crore . However , Gehlot, who also holds the finance portfolio , chose the heads of new taxes so deftly that the common man was kept out of the direct impact of the harsh steps . He rather made a few friends by raising VAT on pan masala and tobacco products from 40% to 50%. Increasing the DLC rates by 10% is a safer proposition as it would not have any mass impact .Besides, he hiked tax on explosives by 6%, 5% on yarn, and levied 0.2% stamp duty on agreements for BOT-related projects . The thrust of the budget remained on social sector - healthcare initiatives and educational programmes and massive job creation plans .CheaperPetrol Two-wheelers (125cc) Cars (up to 10 lakh) Sunglasses Waste paper Carry bags EntertainmentDearerLand prices &amp; houses Tobacco and Pan Masala Explosives YarnFine PrintFor State20 lakh grant to 142 government colleges 1,000-member task force to curb illegal mining Construction of 16 mega highways Textile zone at Tapukara Special 'learning' laptops for 44,000 students Incubation centre at IIT Jodhpur Provision of 1,395 cr for water supply schemesFor CityMilk powder plant National Construction Academy Journalism and communications university Three railway overbridges Old age homes Hostel facilities for SC, ST and minority students Housing project for urban poor Church area (Ghat Gate) to be developed as tourist spotRecruitment dreams may remain on paper onlyJAIPUR: A total of close to 1 lakh jobs is a promise that can win hearts of many unemployed youth, but Opposition leader Vasundhara Raje said the huge number is backlog of past three years. Given the dismal track record of recruitments , and the opposition of Gujjar community to it until their quota issue is settled, the dream is likely to remain on papers only.The government has proposed as many as six universities but experts say the amount allocated is too small to realize the institutions. For four universities, the budget makes a provision for Rs 65 crore.While the chief minister's free medicine scheme received an allocation of Rs 300 crore, there were a slew of proposals for health sector including 3,000 health sub-centres , 100 new primary centres, and hiking the salaries of anganwadi workers by 10%.However, Raje said the salary hike may look good in percentage terms but actually it will be a mere Rs 300 for para-medics .In the absence of any new taxes on industry, the industrial leaders found the budget exciting as it proposed to reduce the taxes on motorcyles , cars, auto parts and extended tax-free import of equipment .Besides tax reliefs, Gehlot proposed to set up an apparel park in Alwar and new auto hubs in Neemrana for investment by Japanese companies.\"Renewable and non-renewable energy and road network development would be precursors to the overall growth and development of the state. Special zones for textiles, auto sector and manufacturing in the DMIC catchment area would help drive in investments,\" said Dileep Baid, chairman, CII, Rajasthan .The strong fiscal situation played an important role as the government could afford to dole out sops instead of imposing heavy taxes. The state's tax collections notched up an impressive 24% growth and non-tax revenues grew by 54% during 2011-12 .Although massive allocations to power and water sectors were made, there was no cheer as the state continuous to face acute shortage in both the resources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12420732", "title": "DGP felicitates girls, parents for foiling abduction attempts", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It was presence of mind and grit with which two girls from H B Kapadia School near Delhi Darwaja helped police nab a stalker who used to lure them for a week with chocolates, bicycle rides and better playing facilities. Shirali Chavda and Nisha Paliwal, residents of Shahpur, were among the four recipients of a certificate of appreciation and cash prize of Rs 5,000 at Gandhinagar on Monday.Chittranjan Singh, state director general of police, handed over the certificates and cash prize to three children and a mother from Ahmedabad for foiling the abduction bids. The other recipients included Arifa Mallik, a resident of Juhapura and Hamida Pileja, a resident of Fatewadi. While Mallik raised an alarm when a woman tried to catch her near her school, Pileja chased a woman who tried to abduct her son Ishan.\"Educating the children about such consequences is very necessary in today's times and parents and teachers have a great role to play. We want to request the parents to teach the child to raise an alarm when contacted by suspicious persons and inform teachers or nearby policemen about it,\" said Singh.He added that the state police have been asked to be more sensitive about abduction cases and handle it with seriousness. He said that in a drive conducted by state CID, police have managed to track down 1,a420 persons and efforts are on to find others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12423022", "title": "Aaykar Seva Kendra opens in city", "text": "MANGALORE: Even as footfalls in the income tax department's Aaykar Seva Kendra (ASK) in Bangalore, which opened on January 27, are steadily increasing, tax payers in the coastal city on Monday woke up to its own ASK. The Kendra is modelled as a one-stop, computerized facility for providing in a time-bound manner all taxpayer services promised in the department's citizen's charter. It is a front office manned by well-trained IT personnel.K Satyanarayana, chief commissioner of IT (CCIT), BangaloreOne, who inaugurated the Kendra here, said that it was equipped with state-of-the-art amenities such as information kiosk, LED TV, coffee shop, Wi-Fi broadband, and internet.\"It is our intent to make a comfortable environment for the tax payers, not to collect anything more from them, but to collect right dues,\" he said. ASK is an initiative announced in Union Budget 2010-11.Through ASKs in Bangalore, Goa, Mangalore and next in Hubli, Satyanarayana said the IT department was endeavouring to bridge the gap between potential and actual revenue accruals. \"There is a clear indicator of black money in circulation. With five more days left in the current fiscal, the department is hopeful of mopping up resources from various assesses in Karnataka-Goa circle,\" he said, exhorting the tax payers to pay their dues on time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12420854", "title": "List of BJP candidates for MCD polls", "text": "Name of BJP candidates for MCD polls01 Smt Kesh Rani, Narela (W)02 Sri Mohan Bharadwaj , Bakner (G)03 Smt Dayavanti, Alipur SC(W)04 Smt Usha Rani, Bakhtawar Pur (W)05 Sri Ramkishan Bansiwal, Bhalswa Jahangir Pur (SC)06 Sri Varun Chowdary, Mukundpur (G)07 Smt Vimala Tyagi, Burari (W)08 Smt Rajpal Rana, Jharoda (G)09 Smt Kalpana Sonkar, Malka Ganj SC(W)10 Smt Harpreet Chaudhary, Timarpur (W)11 Smt Rajini Abbi, Mukherjee Nagar (G)12 Smt Reema Kaur, GTB Nagar (W)13 Sri Naveen Tyagi, Dhir Pur (G)14 Smt Neelam Buddi Raja, Adarsh Nagar (W)15 Sri Ashwini Ahuja, Sarai Pipal Thala (G)16 Sri Vinod Kumar, Jahangir Puri - I (SC)17 Sri Mamatha Rathore Samaypur Badli SC18 Smt Angoori Devi, Libas Pur (W)19 Sri Surendra Kharb, Bhalswa (G)20 Smt Satyavati Chowhan, Jahangir Puri II (W)21 Sri Parvesh Wahi, Rohini (G)22 Smt Shanta Jain, Rithala (W)23 Sri Anil Sharma, Budh Vihar (G)24 Smt Sarita Koushik, Vijay Vihar (W)25 Sri Devendar Solanki, Pooth Kalan (G)26 Sri Santosh Bharti, Sahibabad Dault Pur (SC)27 Smt Jagroshini, Begumpur (W)28 Sri Narayan Singh, Bawana (G)29 Smt Sushma Mathur, Karala (W)30 Sri Azad Singh, Mundaka (G)31 Smt Parvathy, Nangloi Jat West SC(W)32 Smt Rajwanti Nilothi (W)33 Sri Ramdayal Mehato Pratap Vihar (G)34 Smt Nirmala Rohtas Nithari (W)35 Sri Keval Krishna Kirari Suleman Nagar (SC)36 Sri Gopal Singh, Prem Nagar(G)37 Smt Sushila Baggadi, Sultan Puri East SC(W)38 Smt Manju Sharma, Mangol Puri North (W)39 Sri Jaya Kumar JK,Sultan Pur Majra (G)40 Smt Santosh Gupta, Sultan Puri South (W)41 Sri Surendra Pandey, Guru Harkishan Nagar (G)42 Sri Jaidev Bhagoria, Peeragharhi (SC)43 Smt Anita Gehlot, Nangloi East (W)44 Sri Raghuvinder Soukeen, Qamruddin Nagar (G)45 Smt Sanjana Singh, Rohini South (W)46 Smt Nita Rukkad, Mangolpuri East SC(W)47 Sri Dhirendra Rai, Mangolpuri (G)48 Smt Monika Thakur, Mangolpuri West(W)49 Sri VP Pandey , Rohini North (G)50 Dr Shobha Vijender, Rohini Central (W)51 Sri Tarachand Bansal, Rohini East (G)52 Dr. Neelam Goel, Naharpur (W)53 Sri Chandiram Chawla, Pitampura South (G)54 Smt Rekha Gupta, Pitampura North (W)55 Sri Ramkishan Singhal, Shalimar Bagh North (G)56 Smt Mamata Nagpal, Shalimar Bagh South (W)57 Dr Sanjeev Nayyar, Paschim Vihar South (G)58 Smt Renu Kamboj, Paschim Vihar North (W)59 Sri Sashi Jaitley, Rani Bagh (G)60 Smt Usha Gupta, Saraswati Vihar (W)61 Sri Virendra Goel, Tri Nagar (G)62 Smt Monika Yadav, Rampura (W)63 Sri Tilakraj Gupta, Kohat Enclave (G)64 Sri Kishan Singh Bemad, Shakur Pur (SC)65 Smt Mamata Dhika, Nimri Colony SC(W)66 Smt Meera Agarwal, Sawan Park (W)67 Sri Mahendra Nagpal, Wazirpur (G)68 Smt Poonam Bharadwaj, Ashok Vihar (W)69 Sri Aravind Garg, Kamala Nagar (G)70 Smt Renu Gupta, Rana Pratap Bagh (W)71 Sri Madhav Prasad Jatav, Sangam Park (SC)72 Sri Surendra Gupta, Model Town (G)73 Smt Neelam Dheeman, Sastri Nagar (W)74 Smt Sashi Brijmohan, Inder Lok Colony SC(W)75 Sri Satish Jain, Kishan Ganj (Gen)76 Sri Pinki Jain, Deputy Ganj (W)77 Dr Samvid Patra, Kashmiri Gate (G)78 Smt Meena Subhash Dabar, Majnu Ka Teela (W)79 Sri Mustafa Qureshi, Jama Masjid (G)80 Smt Sulekha Gupta, Chandini Chowk (W)81 Sri Atif Rashid, Minto Road (G)82 Sri Jagmohan Jatav, Kucha Pandit (SC)83 Smt Sashi Harith, Bazar Sitaram (W)84 Sri Julfikar Qureshi, Turkman Gate (G)85 Smt Veena Morwal, Idgah Road (W)86 Sri Bhagwan Sharma, Ballimaran (G)87 Smt Latha Sodhi, Ram Nagar SC(W)88 Smt Noor Bano, Qasabpura (W)89 Sri Veerendra Babbar, Paharganj (G)90 Smt Anita Varma, Model Basti (W)91 Sri Ravinder Gupta, Karol Bagh (G)92 Sri Yogendra Chandolia, Dev Nagar (SC)93 Smt Shyam Bala, Baljit Nagar (W)94 Sri Bhimsingh Sharma, West Patel Nagar (G)95 Smt Poornima Vidyardhi, East Patel Nagar SC(W)96 Smt Archana Gupta, New Ranjit Nagar (W)97 Sri Rajkumar Lamba, Kirti Nagar (G)98 Smt Usha Mehta, Mansarovar Garden (W)99 Sri Bharat Bhushan, Moti Nagar (G)100 Smt Surendar Kaur Karampura (W)101 Smt Suman Tyagi, Raja Garden (W)102 Sri Satish Agarwal, Raghubir Nagar (G)103 Smt Satvinder Kaur Sirsa, Punjabi Bagh (W)104 Smt Sunita Kangda, Madipur, SC(W)105 Sri Subhash Arya, Rajouri Garden (G)106 Smt Babita Diwan, Tagore Garden (W)107 Sri Raj Kumar Grover, Vishnu Garden (G)108 Smt Karuna Bhalla, Khyala (W)109 Sri Shyam Lal Sharma, Janakpuri North (G)110 Smt Radhika Setia, Nangal Raya (W)111 Smt Avtar Singh Hit, Hari Nagar (G)112 Smt Mukta Nagpal, Subhash Nagar (W)113 Sri Yashpal Arya, Mahavir Nagar (G)114 Ritu Vohra, Tilak Nagar (W)115 Dimpal Chadha, Major Bhupinder Singh Nagar (G)116 Smt Sarita Jindal, Vikaspuri East (W)117 Sri Ashish Sood, Janakpuri West (G)118 Smt Rajani Mamtani, Janakpuri South (W)119 Sri Anil Sabarwal, Milap Nagar (G)120 Smt Usha Pawar, Sitapuri (W)121 Sri Pankaj Singh , Kunwar Singh Nagar (G)122 Smt Sashi Prabha Solanki, Hastsal (W)123 Sri Karamveer Sekhar, Vikaspuri SC(M)124 Sri Vivek Tyagi, Vikas Nagar (G)125 Smt Sudha Mishra, Mohan Garden (W)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "12422000", "title": "Palamu IG holds review meet with officers", "text": "GARHWA: Inspector general of police (Palamu range) Deepak Verma on Monday held a review meeting with senior officers and discussed the steps being taken to curb Naxalite menace in the area. Verma was accompanied by CRPF DIG, B K Sharma. Later talking to the media persons at a press conference, Verma said that Garhwa police should speed up action against the Naxalites. He said that if common people cooperate, police can nab the Naxalites who collect levy from the contractors and businessmen.Verma also also lauded the work done by Garhwa police . \"The police arrested nine rebels of the JPC with a lot of arms and ammunition this month, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12421470", "title": "Banks out of reach, small traders bank on microfinance", "text": "NEW DELHI: The sabziwallas dotting the bastis and bylanes of east Delhi may well have fallen off the map of the mainstream banking system. But who says they can't handle their money? For the first time ever, the annual turnover for a microfinance scheme started by the vendors of east Delhi crossed Rs 1 crore.The turnover, calculated from April 2011 to March 2012, works out to Rs 1.13 crore. \"This is more than double the turnover for the previous year, which worked out to Rs 48 lakh,\" says Kamlesh Kumar Upadhyay of the National Association of Street Vendors of India (NASVI), which manages the accounts for the scheme.Most hawkers find themselves outside the purview of the regular banking system; they find it difficult to avail of loans or even open a bank account as most banks ask for a whole host of documents and identity proof that migrant workers to Delhi rarely have.And so, three years ago, a group of 60 vendors from east Delhi, all members of NASVI, decided to finance themselves and start their own bank. They pooled in their savings and started a co-operative society of their own. Today, the society, which works to micro-finance the hawkers, has 1,125 members.To open an account, each vendor must put in Rs 180, which includes shares worth Rs 100, an admission fee of Rs 50 and a Rs 30 compulsory monthly deposit. Vendors are free to deposit as much as they wish to over and above this minimum monthly amount. In return, they get a 4% yearly interest rate on their savings and they have to pay a mere 1.5% as interest on loans.Every evening, the vendors hand over their daily savings to NASVI. The process is entirely voluntary. \"Sometimes I deposit Rs 100 a day, sometimes Rs 200. It all depends on what I earn,\" says Gyan Prakash Gupta, a fruit seller at Madhu Vihar, Patparganj, who was among the group of vendos who first began the bank. \"The entire process of setting up our own co-operative society took place in my house,\" he says proudly. While he recently took a loan of Rs 75,000 for his business, he had borrowed Rs 50,000 from the society a couple of years ago, a loan which he has finished repaying.Indravati, a vendor who buys onions and potatoes from the Ghazipur market and sells them at Mandawali, saves around Rs 50 to Rs 100 a day that she deposits in the co-operative society.Santosh, a young woman from the bastis of Mandawali, borrowed money from the bank to diversify from selling vegetables to selling cosmetics.According to Bhikai Ram, a vegetable seller from Patparganj, the attractive rate of interest offered by the co-operative society is a far cry from the 10% interest rate that money lenders charges.In addition to micro loans, the cooperative society also sets aside a fund for the poor and the needy among the vendors. The society plans to gift Rs 15,000-20,000 to one of their members, Rana Devi, for her daughter's wedding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "12421088", "title": "6-Lane Bridge For Zuari, Red Carpet For BPOs", "text": "PORVORIM: Recognizing that infrastructure development is vital to attract private investment in Goa for employment creation, the budget spelled out a series of incentives to the banking sector to set up back offices in Goa for immediate creation of jobs. A major announcement of the budget was the construction of a six-lane Zuari bridge, a vital link between South Goa and North Goa, within a 36-month time-frame.\"We need to learn from other countries and some of the vibrant, progressive and forward-looking states within the country, who have been highly successful in attracting huge capital investment. Many of these have seen unprecedented growth and development in their economies,\" chief minister Manohar Parrikar pointed out in his budget speech.The creation of such large-scale employment opportunities can only be done in partnerships with private investors and a sector with an immediate potential for creation of infrastructure as well as jobs is the financial and banking sector, he said.\"I invite financial and banking companies to set up their back-office operations in Goa and create jobs for our youth. The requisite infrastructure support such as allocation of appropriate piece of land at reasonable rate, licenses for construction purposes, adequate power supply, concession on broadband high-speed internet and employment-pegged incentives will be provided to the sector in the form of a package,\" Parrikar said.Apart from construction of the Zuari bridge, 11 more bridges will be constructed during the current financial year to link Camurlim to Tuem, Chorao to Pomburpa, Calvim to Carona, Keri to Tiracol, Chorao to Ribandar, Cumbarjua to Gaundalim, Marcaim to Neura, Khandepar, Betim-Panaji, Arpora-Calangute, Virdi-Amona, Talpona and Galgibag.\"I wish to make the state efficient and hazard-free in power transmission by means of underground cabling. Initially, I desire to take up the entire coastal belt and urban areas, and then move in to the hinterland; with the intention to cover the entire state within the next four years. For this purpose, I have made a provision of Rs 40 crore as the state's share in this year's budget,\" Parrikar announced.He said it would be his endeavour to provide 24-hour water supply to all residents within four years. \"I propose sewerage schemes for the outer areas of Margao, Mapusa, Porvorim, Calangute, Ponda and Colva for which funds are provided through JICA and HUDCO/NABARD loans. The road network along the coastal belt will be improved with flyovers and bye-passes,\" Parrikar said.The chief minister also said that the wholesale fish market at Fatorda will be developed into a hygienic and ultra-modern facility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12420984", "title": "SC to end monitoring of Bhopal gas victim health care", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday said it could not go on monitoring the healthcare of Bhopal gas victims sitting at the national Capital and expressed its intention to hand it over to a Bhopal-based authority.A bench of Chief Justice S H Kapadia and Justices A K Patnaik and Swatanter Kumar asked additional solicitor general Indira Jaising to give details of the transfer of corpus of over Rs 400 crore, which was lying with the hospital trust headed by former CJI A M Ahmedi prior to its dissolution.Jaising said the hospital was functioning under the supervision of Indian Council of Medical Research, but the court asked her to give details of the government's plan for future. \"Once the government takes over the hospital, we will stop monitoring it,\" the bench said.The bench asked the counsel for various parties to submit within a week a short synopsis of what was needed to be done in future and posted the matter for final hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12421326", "title": "Popcorn is healthier than fruits: Study", "text": "NEW DELHI: Popcorn - your regular partner every time you hit a movie theatre - seems to be the latest \"nutritional gold nugget\".Scientists report that popcorn, which is a 100% unprocessed whole grain, contains more of the highly healthy antioxidant substances called polyphenols than fruits and vegetables, if it isn't dipped in butter, oil or salt.The hulls of popcorn - the part that everyone hates for its tendency to get caught in the teeth - has been found to have the highest concentration of polyphenols and fibre. The levels of polyphenols rivaled those in nuts and were up to 15 times greater than whole-grain tortilla chips.Joe Vinson from the University of Scranton in Pennsylvania, who has been a pioneer in analyzing healthful components in chocolate, nuts and other common food items, presented these findings at the American Chemical Society's (ACS) scientific society on Sunday.Vinson said one serving of popcorn will provide more than 70% of the daily intake of whole grain needed by an adult.\"Popcorn may be the perfect snack food. It is 100% unprocessed whole grain as against all other grains which are actually processed and diluted with other ingredients - meaning only 51% of the weight of the product is whole grain. The average person only gets about half a serving of whole grains a day, and popcorn could fill that gap in a very pleasant way,\" Vinson added.Jyoti Arora, head of nutrition at Artemis Health Institute, said popcorn's high content of fibre makes it nutritious and healthy.\"Whole grains like popcorn are high in fibre that helps in relieving constipation and leads to weight loss, better blood sugar control besides keeping cholesterol levels under check,\" Arora said.Vinson, however, cautioned that the finding should not make people give up fruits and vegetables.\"Popcorn cannot replace fresh fruits and vegetables in a healthy diet. Fruits and vegetables contain vitamins and other nutrients that are critical for good health, but are missing from popcorn,\" he added.Vinson explained that the same concentration principle applies to dried fruit, which holds a polyphenol edge over regular fruit.Previous studies found low concentrations of free polyphenols in popcorn, but Vinson's team conducted the first study to calculate total polyphenols in popcorn. \"The amounts of these antioxidants were much higher than previously believed,\" he said.Vinson cautioned that the way people prepare and serve popcorn can quickly put a dent in its healthful image. If cooked in a pot full of oil, slathered on butter or the fake butter used in many movie theaters and poured on salt and eaten as kettle corn, the end result could become a nutritional nightmare - popcorn suffused with fat and calories.\"Air-popped popcorn has the lowest number of calories. Microwave popcorn has twice as many calories as air-popped, and if you pop your own with oil, this has twice as many calories as air-popped popcorn. About 43% of microwave popcorn is fat, compared to 28% if you pop the corn in oil yourself,\" Vinson added.The new study found that the amount of polyphenols found in popcorn was up to 300 mg a serving compared to 114 mg for a serving of sweet corn and 160 mg for all fruits per serving. Besides, one serving of popcorn would provide 13% of an average intake of polyphenols a day per person in the US.Fruits provide 255 mg per day of polyphenols and vegetables provide 218 mg per day to the average US diet. Polyphenols are more concentrated in popcorn, which averages only about 4% water, while polyphenols are diluted in the 90% water that makes up many fruits and vegetables.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "bathinda", "code": "12421541", "title": "RTI info exposes big medicine purchase scam in Bathinda hospital", "text": "BATHINDA: Information procured by an activist under the RTI Act has exposed a medicine purchase scam involving lakhs of rupees in a local hospital.As per the revelation, Bhai Mani Singh Civil Hospital of Bathinda purchased medicines at higher rates, when it could have bought the same at comparatively much lower rates.The hospital also did not spend the mandatory 45% of total money used in buying medicine on the welfare of patients, for their medicines, laboratory tests and other requirements.The hospital spent just 6% of the total money, said Sonu Maheshwari, who got the information under RTI.He said that the hospital administration purchased medicines between 2007 and2011 from Patiala at higher rates while in Bathinda, the cost was very low.The hospital purchased tromodol injections from Patiala at Rs 8 per injection while its cost in Bathinda was only Rs 3.96, as was earlier purchased by the hospital, Maheshwari said.While dextrose drip, which was purchased from Bathinda at Rs 10, is now being purchased from Patiala at Rs 24 per bottle. The hospital has been purchasing medicines from outside the state as well, the RTI information revealed.Dr Satish, SMO of civil hospital, said he would comment only after going through the files.When contacted, health minister Madan Mohan Mittal said that he would order strong action taken against officers involved in the scam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12422596", "title": "Fair deal: Rs 1 lakh reward to thwart sex selection", "text": "In an effort to intensify the fight against female foeticide, chief minister Ashok Gehlot announced to constitute a state-level task force in his budget speech on Monday.The task force would be instrumental in keeping a check on pre-natal sex determination in the state. Rajasthan is one of the states where the sex ratio has declined considerably. The child sex ratio declined by 26 points from 909 to 883 between 2001 and 2011.The state government drew flak when the 2011 provisional census revealed the disturbing decline of sex ratio last year. After that, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh had also sought information from the state government as to what steps it was taking to check female foeticide. The PM had mentioned in the letter that there are strong action needed against pre-birth sex selection using modern diagnostic techniques.Apart from announcing the task force, Gehlot also encouraged people to give secret information about any doctor or sonography centres involved in pre-natal sex determination. Gehlot said that a Mukhbir Yojna has been launched recently. As per the scheme, a person gets some amount as reward for providing information about sex determination. \"I increase the reward to Rs 1 lakh,\" he said.Now a person giving information about a doctor or a sonography centre involved in pre-natal sex determination would get Rs 1 lakh if the doctor or sonography centre is found guilty.Earlier, the reward was Rs 50,000. Such information is always fruitful for the medical health and family welfare department as they plan decoy operation on the basis of such information after verifying it.Besides, the state government would create 120 additional posts of various cadres of medical department for proper implementation of pre conception and pre natal diagnostics techniques (PCPNDT) Act 1994, which is an effective tool designed to check decline in sex ratio.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12422899", "title": "Mau jailer shifted for violence in jail", "text": "VARANASI: The state government on Monday attached jailer of the Mau district jail, V K Mishra, to the Jail Headquarters in connection with the March 21 violence in which a number of persons were injured.DIG (Jail) Gorakhpur Kedar Nath told TOI over phone that \"V K Mishra has been attached to the headquarters. \"Ramjit Singh of the Barabanki jail will replace Mishra at the Mau jail,\" he added.He said that after the March 21 violence in the Mau jail in which two wardens and many inmates were injured seriously, prisoners and the jail officials had lodged cross FIRs. A magisterial probe, ordered by the district magistrate, is also underway. Nath said that further action would be initiated after completion of the police and magisterial investigations. Violence had erupted in the Mau jail on March 21 following death of an ailing prisoner, Sayid-ur Rehman, on the night of March 20.Scores of prisoners and a number of jail officials and guards had suffered injuries in the incident.Two seriously injured deputy jailors were rushed to SSL Hospital of BHU in Varanasi. Situation was brought under control by senior administrative and police officials after use of force.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12423061", "title": "Mysore cops honour 4 bravehearts", "text": "MYSORE: Mysore city police on Monday honoured four youths for their bravery in nabbing a chain snatcher. The arrest led the cops to solve 15 cases reported between 2007 and 2012.The young heroes of Mysore -- Yashas Urs, 19, a II journalism student from Maharaja's College, Manu Kumar, 20, driver, S Dileep , 25, cattle rearer, and Thejus, 17, ITI student -- were presented appreciation certificates and a cash reward of Rs 2,000 each by commissioner of police K L Sudheer.The foursome had swung into action soon after Deepti, an MBA graduate, was robbed of her gold chain in Kuvempunagar on the night of March 20. Their reflex to her SOS call ended in the arrest of R Manjunath, 30, the accused who was driving an auto rickshaw, albeit after a brief chase on their two-wheelers.Manu and Dileep, who witnessed Manjunath robbing the girl, went to her rescue at 8.30pm. When they were chasing the rickshaw, Yashas and his brother Thejus too joined them, and they together intercepted the accused after a km-long chase. Manjunath was later handed over to Kuvempunagar police, who in turn arrested another accused S Raghu, 23, also an auto driver.Yashas said he feels strong about such chain snatching incidents reported in the media. \"I'm feeling extremely happy about my effort,\" Yashas said.An increase in the number of chain snatchings in the city has given sleepless nights to the men in khaki. But the arrest of Manjunath and Raghu, residents of Vidyaranyapuram, has made the locals breathe easy.Inspector K N Yashwanth said the driver-duo was active since 2007 and was involved in 15 chain snatching cases -- two each in Krishna Raja and Saraswathipuram police limits, three in Vidyaranyapuram police jurisdiction and eight in Kuvempunagar police station limits.Explaining their modus operandi, inspector said the duo used to do a quick reccee before robbing women of their gold chains. Often, they operated together. Chains worth Rs 6.31 lakh have been recovered from them, Yashwanth stated.Commissioner Sudheer said the duo took to crime to finance their habits and to make a fast buck. Soon after the crime, they used to pledge the stolen chains with pawn brokers in the city. The police will now investigate the role of pawn brokers in the crime. If they are found to be aware of the crime, they too will be booked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12420766", "title": "\u2018Stand up\u2019 protest at NMC against smoking, gutka", "text": "NASHIK: Volunteers of the Manav Utthan Manch (MuM) are observing a 75-hour satyagraha outside the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) from Monday demanding a ban on gutka and tobacco. The student volunteers, roughly of 13 to 18 years of age will be standing for 75 hours in rotation. In the evening, they plan to light candles at the spot that will burn through the night.MuM, a non-governmental organization, started its 75-hour satyagraha outside the NMC building from 11am on Monday, demanding a ban on gutka and tobacco. The volunteers will be standing in groups of 10-12 in rotation. MuM had organized a similar 50-hour protest from May 31, 2011 when they protested against shops selling tobacco and its products near educational institutions.\"We are appealing to the mayor and the corporators to bring it up for discussion in the general body meeting. We have kept a roll of paper for people to comment on the issue of banning tobacco and gutka. We have also kept a box in which people can drop in filled-up slips about whether cigarette smoking and gutka chewing are injurious to health and whether these should be banned,\" said Jagbir Singh, founder-president of the MuM.\"We will be meeting the mayor and health department officials soon to discuss the issue,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12422869", "title": "CM: Complete power, infra projects fast", "text": "LUCKNOW: Showing his commitment to putting the state on the road to development, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Monday ordered the completion of all power and infrastructure projects in which more than 80% work has been done. Saying that the decision was taken in order to ensure that any investment from the state coffers was not wasted, Akhilesh added that only those projects where less than 10% work has been completed, will be reassessed for their utility.The decisions were taken at a review meeting of the state planning department, with minister for planning, Farid Mehfooz Kidwai in attendance. In a bid to lower regional imbalances, the chief minister also asked chief secretary Jawed Usmani to arrange adequate land for setting up an agriculture university in Bundelkhand, if Central government funds for the same are approved. Aiming to realise his father's promise of developing drought-hit Bundelkhand on the Israel model, Akhilesh also instructed Usmani to make provisions for special allocations in the state budget, which would be used for developing the Bundelkhand region. Akhilesh also proposed that a non-lapsable pool fund be created for the region and asked Usmani to assess the feasibility of creating such a fund. Different departments of the state government were also instructed to create pools of funds for implementing with immediate effect the priorities identified by the state government.Saying that all the quality of all development works must be considered, Akhilesh added that department heads must work to ensure that they received 100% Central funds for all proposed and ongoing projects in the state. Emphasis was also laid on increasing Uttar Pradesh's contribution -- through its Gross State Domestic Project -- to the country's Gross Domestic Project. This, he added, would help curb the growing gap between the national per capita income and the state's per capita.At the review meeting of the planning department, Akhilesh also took up the priority areas that needed to be taken up in the state's 12th Five Year Plan. Saying that the state should, in the 12th Five Year Plan, aim to grow at the rate of 10%, the CM also asked that a concerted plan for fun allocation should be prepared accordingly. Laying emphasis on strengthening the industrial policies in the state, Akhilesh said more employment and self-employment opportunities needed to be created in UP. Citing instances of manufacturing hubs like Bhadohi and Firozabad, famous for their carpet and glass industries, Akhilesh said there was a need to assess the existing industrial policies in various regions. A consolidated industry-friendly policy, he said, was also needed in order to boost investment in the state.Monday's meeting between the CM and top bureaucrats is significant. Coming just ahead of the implementation of the 12th Five Year Plan in UP, it will allow the Samajwadi government to plead state's case in New Delhi, apart from setting the government's pro-development agenda in public domain.In this regard, a meeting between the chief minister and the plan panel is likely to be held in the second fortnight of April, after the first state assembly has met and the state budget for 2012-2012 tabled. This will also be the first time in five years when UP chief minister will meet the deputy chairman of the Planning Commission to push for greater allocation for the state and exchange views with the country's highest planning body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12420804", "title": "NCP candidate files papers for opposition post", "text": "NASHIK: Kavita Kardak of the NCP filed nomination papers for the post of leader of the Opposition on Monday. Shiv Sena's head office already declared Sudhakar Badgujar its candidate last week.The Shiv Sena and the RPI have jointly registered as a party with the charity commissioner and happen to be the second-largest group in the House with 22 seats, with the MNS holding 40 seats. The NCP had won 20 seats in the civic polls.The city chief of the NCP had agreed that according to the rules, the Shiv Sena-RPI combine can claim the post of the leader of Opposition in the House but said the NCP would also stake its claim. He had said last week that Naiyya Khaire's name had been shortlisted by the party. But on Monday, NCP's Kavita Kardak filed the papers for Opposition leader's post.Though it is less likely that the NCP will bag the post, sources in the party say the NCP is simply giving the idea a shot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12421720", "title": "Speciality hospital at Nizam's Institute of Medical Sciences in a month", "text": "HYDERABAD: Authorities at the Nizam's Institute of Medical Sciences (Nims) said on Monday that the speciality hospital and trauma care centre on Road No.1, Banjara Hills, would be thrown open to the public in about a month-and-a-half.Speaking to the media on the Formation Day of Nims on Monday, officials announced that they would start capitalising on the facility in a phased manner. As per plans, the emergency medicine and surgery departments as well as the traumatology wing would be moved to the new building in the first phase. Dr A Dharmarakshak, director of Nims, said that the existing equipment from the departments concerned would be relocated to the new building.\"Surgical equipments have been ordered. Besides, we have requested for over 100 ventilators, monitors and 150 intensive care beds. All this would be added one by one,\" said Dr Dharmarakshak. He added that through this new project, 500 beds will be added in the cardiology, neurology, neurosurgery and nephrology specialities apart from 14 operation theatres.The hugely-delayed project continues to be devoid of equipment and other hospital infrastructure even after nearly two years of completion of civil works. However, sources at the hospital said that the tenders have not been finalised and refuted the director's announcement as a far cry.In another blow to the hospital, sources said, that during the 2012-13 budget, the state government has allocated just about Rs 40 crore for the teaching hospital of which Rs 10 crore has been earmarked for the Nims campus at Bibinagar. The trauma care centre requires another Rs 50 crores for equipment and furniture. Senior doctors at the hospital said that as much as Rs 130 crore have been spent on the project towards civil works while another Rs 50 crore are required to equip and furnish it.This project (foundation stone was laid in 2004) was taken up to bring Nims on par with All India Institute of Medical Sciences and was funded under the Pradhan Mantri Swasthya Suraksha Yojana. The Centre had provided Rs 100 crore to the speciality hospital and the state government had agreed to pump in Rs 20 crore. However, with the project delayed endlessly, the construction cost spiralled to Rs 173 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12425413", "title": "Poll contestants told to submit electoral expenditure details", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The candidates who had contested the recently concluded Assembly elections have been told to submit the details of the electoral expenditure till April 5. Deputy district electoral officer Chunku Ram said while holding a review meeting at Prayag Sangeet Samiti hall on Monday. The candidates were told to get the receipts.Chief treasurer Inderjeet Vishwakarma gave information about the maintenance of accounts register, bills, vouchers and details of the electoral expenditure. Details about the vehicles that were used for canvassing should also be mentioned. In part 5 of the annexure 15, the candidates should mention details about the expenses incurred on organization of public meetings and rallies. In part 6 of the annexure 15, the candidates should reveal the details about the expenditure incurred on star campaigners. tnnThe candidates are required to submit bills relating to the final accounts, vouchers and electoral expenditure with the requisite affidavit.All the bills and the vouchers should bear the signature of the candidate or his/her representative. However, the candidate should put his signature on part 1 to 6 of annexure 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "los angeles", "code": "12424057", "title": "Pregnant Jessica Simpson's naked magazine cover censored at US store", "text": "LOS ANGELES: Singer-actress Jessica Simpson's naked, pregnant pose on the cover of a magazine's latest edition has attracted complaints from customers at a store in US.The April cover of Elle magazine , in which the 31-year-old star barely conceals her naked form, has been covered up with pieces of cardboard or simply turned around at a supermarket in Tuscon, Arizona, reported Us magazine.A spokeswoman for the grocery chain said it made the move to censor the cover following \"multiple complaints\" about the 'Fashion Star' mentor's photo.The singer said in a recent interview that that Demi Moore-aping pic was all her idea.\"They didn't even ask me to do that. It was my idea. It kind of just seemed a natural thing for me to do.\"I'm like 170 pounds and I wanted to pose nude. I try to be like 110 pounds. It's funny to be at your heaviest and feel the most confident. I just take such pride in being a mom! I just love my body more than ever now,\" Simpson said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12420261", "title": "Knocked down on son\u2019s engagement day, woman dies", "text": "NAGPUR: Going out to invite her neighbour for lone son's engagement cost a 48-year-old woman her life. Vrunda Bardekar was knocked by a rashly driven motorcycle a short distance from her Itwari home on Sunday afternoon. She succumbed to her injuries at about 10 am on Monday.Police said bike rider Aditya Chandurkar (22), a resident of Kawrapeth, was a student but for some reason has not yet been arrested. Bardekars said Vrunda had waited for her son's marriage for years. \"She was so eager to see him get married. Unfortunately, her wish remained unfulfilled,\" said a relative.Vrunda's son Sagar works as a painting contractor. It was an arrange marriage. On Sunday afternoon, the proposal had been accepted and the ring ceremony was to be performed the same evening. The function was to be held at Sagar's home near Itwari Balaji temple. Vrunda was going from one home to another inviting them for the function.Around 3.30 pm, with a number of shopping bags in their hands, Vrunda and husband Suresh went over to invite another of neighbours when a speeding bike hit her from behind. Vrunda suffered head injuries. Bike Chandurkar was caught by local residents. To escape their anger, he took Vrunda to a private hospital and left. Lakadganj cops are yet to arrest him.They had registered a case against Chandurkar on Sunday evening. Police said Chandurkar had told them he was a student but since they were busy admitting Vrunda, they failed to take more detailed information.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12422645", "title": "Fee regulatory board for schools soon", "text": "JAIPUR: The government is set to give relief to the parents who carry the burden of high and irrational tuition fee charged by some private schools in the state. A law is in pipeline to constitute a fee regulatory board under a retired high court judge to see that the chargeable fee is not unjust and not increased unreasonably. This was disclosed by additional advocate general N A Naquvi in response to a PIL filed in the Jaipur bench of the Rajasthan High Court on Monday.The state government was pulled up by the high court on the PIL which highlighted the fact that earlier also a PIL came before the court where a committee of retired Justice P K Tiwari was constituted and they suggested various measures in 2006 to check unwarranted hike and irrational fees charged by private schools. But the government took no steps.\"We have now given it a thought and it the state government was advised to bring a complete code to regulate fee structure and also to fix the time and manner in which the fee can be hiked by private institutions in the state,\" said N A Naquvi.It is said that the law will be on the pattern of Tamil Nadu , however, it will address the local needs. Care is being taken that the parents are not burdened by the unjust fee structures introduced at any point of time without prior notice in any academic session and that no institution is allowed to charge unnecessary money in the name of uniform, excursion.The division bench of high court will be informed about the final outcome on the bill draft that is to be prepared in three weeks. It may be noted that the private education institutions based on the judgment rendered by the Supreme court in TMA Pai Foundation case and other similar cases have been raising objections that the state governments cannot interfere in the affairs of the private schools.It is also contended that restrictions by the state government through an Act will be unconstitutional.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12423112", "title": "Surat Municipal Corporation officers to share onus of illegal constructions", "text": "SURAT: In a bid to ensure that no more illegal constructions come up in the city, Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) has decided to fix the responsibility of checking such structures on its officers.Surat municipal commissioner Manoj Das has brought out a notification, according to which, along with the owners and architects of the constructions, junior and assistant engineers of the concerned area will also be held responsible. If any illegal constructions are found in their area these junior and assistant engineers, who pay regular spot visits will be held accountable and punishable.The junior officers will have to report any such illegal construction activity apart from approved plan to their superiors in 15 days time. Still if any such construction takes place they will be punished along with the owner and architect.If there are any illegal constructions in the area before these notifications, then these junior officers will have to report about the unauthorized construction in 15 days time from now.Das told TOI, \"It is not only owners, but even officials who are responsible and they will have to keep a vigilant eye on unauthorized activity.\" It is expected that by fixing the responsibility of junior staff on field, SMC will be able to get better results in the field of illegal construction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "dantan (west midnapore)", "code": "12421392", "title": "Tenth century relics unearthed in Dantan", "text": "DANTAN (West Midnapore): The ruins of a sprawling Bouddha Bihar and several relics of the late Gupta period have been unearthed at Dantan in West Midnapore over the last fortnight. The relics include a two-metre long 10th century Buddha idol, a map of the Bouddha Bihar and a dozen other figurines. These could lead to other significant discoveries, according to experts of the Calcutta University which undertook the excavation at Mogolmari. A report on the findings will be sent to the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI).An eight-member team from the university's archaeology department, led by Ashok Datta, started digging in the area on March 13. The sixth phase of the excavation work got over on Monday. \"There were 10 Bouddha Bihars in the country, out of which three happen to be in present-day Bengal. Mogolmari is one and the discoveries suggest that there could be many more relics hidden here. This particular Bouddha Bihar seems to have been built between the seventh and the 10th centuries - the late Gupta period. The Buddha image could have been created around the 10th century,\" said Datta.During the first phase of the excavation, which started in 2003, the first signs of a settlement were found. In the second phase conducted in 2007, idols of Buddha, Ganesha and Lakshmi were found on the eastern and southern fringes of the 60m by 60m area. Earthen lamps and decoration were also excavated.During the next phase in 2008, stone images, stacco jewellery, Pali scripts and cells measuring five square feet in area were found. The following year, the entrance to the Bouddha Bihar, a land map and 200 cowries were found. Excavation, however, came to a halt for the next three years and was re-initiated this month. \"Work on the Dantan Bouddha Bihar should continue. We hope to be able to chance upon many more relics in the next few years,\" said Datta. While Rs 2.5 lakh came from NREGA, Calcutta University contributed Rs 2 lakh more for the project. \"This area was probably known as the Dantapur Mahavihar, from which Dantan got its name. We would have more clues about the history of the place if we could lay our hands on more relics,\" added Datta.Locals welcomed the excavation. \"The government should ensure that the next phase begins soon,\" said Pabitra Mishra, principal of the local Bhattar College.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "12420974", "title": "Special VRS with full pension, gratuity", "text": "PORVORIM: In a significant administrative decision, chief minister Manohar Parrikar announced plans to introduce a special voluntary retirement scheme for government employees who wish to retire after completing 15 years in service. They will get full pension on their existing pay and full gratuity, he said.In his budget speech, Parrikar said that many government employees wished to take early retirement from service due to various reasons but are constrained due to loss of terminal benefits. \"Having deliberated on the matter, I intend to introduce the scheme,\" he said.Parrikar also stated that the government intends to make public grievances redressal system more effective by use of an online interface, on-line grievance registration, work-flow based resolution and on-line tracking of the status of application.For this, each department, he said, will be asked to identify various citizen-centric services and also the mode of delivery.He also stated that the negative perception of delivery system will be changed. For this, the government will reward those who perform and penalize those inefficient and corrupt, he said, adding that an appropriate mechanism would be worked out for this by the administrative reforms and personnel department.Pushing the e-governance initiative, the chief minister said that every department would be asked to successfully implement at least one 'e-governance' initiative 100% within the next six months, while the rest is to be completed in 18 months. For this, he said \"I propose to create a cadre of around 100 IT experts and professionals in the directorate of information technology whose services will be placed in every department.\"Parrikar also stated that his government would introduce compulsory training in Konkani language for all officers of all India services posted in Goa, to enable them to understand issues facing the people and to reduce the communication gap between such officers and the people. They will also be taken on comprehensive study tours of the entire state which will help them to understand ground realities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12422116", "title": "Parties eye key civic panel posts", "text": "PUNE: Political parties are gearing up for elections for the posts of chairmen and vice-chairmen of important civic committees in the Pune Municipal Corporation. A total 18 corporators filed nominations for eight posts in four committees on Monday.Elections for the law, city improvement, sports, and women and child welfare committeeshave been scheduled on March 30.The city improvement committee (CIC) has gained importance due to the proposed development plan for the old city. The CIC discusses and suggests changes in the development plan submitted by the civic administration. The plan, with the changes suggested by the committee, will be presented to the general body and will then be sent to the state government for final approval.The Congress, NCP, Shiv Sena and Bharatiya Janata Party have fielded candidates for the four committees. The MNS and RPI have not fielded candidates. The Congress and NCP have fielded separate candidates in the CIC and law committees, even though the parties have struck a post-poll alliance. The parties have maintained their alliance for the sports committee, where the Congress has fielded a candidate for the chairman's post, while the NCP has fielded one for the vice-chairman's post.The NCP has nominated Chetan Tupe for the CIC chairman's post, while Congress has fielded Sudhir Janjot. Shiv Sena has nominated Sachin Bhagat. Medha Kulkarni of BJP, Usha Kalamkar of NCP and Sunny Nimhan of Congress will fight for the vice-chairperson's post .The women and child welfare pane was elected unopposed. NCP's Minal Sarvade was elected chairperson, while Sunanda Gadale of Congress became the vice-chairperson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12425572", "title": "Lingusamy sings Prabhu Solomon's praises", "text": "Lingusamy, who directs and produces films, was heard praising his director. Prabhu Solomon who is directing Kumki for him has numerous films to his credit.Kumki is the launchpad also for Chevalier Sivaji Ganesan's grandson. Vikram Prabhu, the son of actor Prabhu, is making his debut with this flick. Sources say the movie has turned out well.Meanwhile the Kumki director is also singing praises of his assistant Rama Subbaraman! His assitant has just finished directing his first film titled Kandupidi Kandupidi that stars Ishwarya and Tharun.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "12421469", "title": "Akalis are cheaters, says Rajoana letter", "text": "PATIALA: While the Punjab government has decided to take all possible steps to save Balwant Singh Rajoana, convicted for the assassination of former chief minister Beant Singh, the assassin in his latest letter released from the Central jail, Patiala on Monday not only termed Akali leaders as \"cheaters\", but also criticized Congress and BJP for \"trying to politicize my mission\".\"I don't need any help from blue-turbaned Akali leaders, who have not done anything so far to secure justice for Sikhs. Akali leaders have started speaking up now as they fear that if they don't, they will lose their support,\" wrote Rajoana in his letter, copies of which were distributed by his foster sister Kamaldeep Kaur outside the central jail.Rajoana also wrote that Akali leaders failed to secure justice from Delhi for innocent Sikhs and should not now throw their turbans before Delhi.\"Akalis are trying to secure sympathy for me from Delhi with folded hands. But history would never forgive them for their failure to secure justice for Sikhs,\" said Rajoana.About support offered by Beant Singh family members and Amarinder Singh , Rajoana said he \"didn't want to seek any help from them, who are the representatives of killers\".On Sunday, the Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee (SGPC) had sought clemency for Rajoana. Rajoana has also refused to accept the title of \"living martyr\" from Akal Takht.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12423077", "title": "Mom returns from Norway, won\u2019t give up fight", "text": "KOLKATA: Sagarika Chakraborty , mother of Abhigyan and Aishwarya who are still under the supervision of the Norwegian childcare agency, has reportedly returned to India . The children's visa also expired a fortnight ago. Sagarika is unlikely to give up her fight for the children's custody, said relatives. According to them, she is against granting custody of her children to their uncle till they turn 18, for which she had to sign an agreement on Thursday . Neither she nor her parents could be traced at their home on Monday.Sagarika's husband Anurup said she left Norway on Saturday. \"I am not in touch with her or her family. Her phone is switched off. I am not keen on divorce. Had I been so, I could have done that earlier . The childcare agency had assured me of granting custody of the children if I file for divorce,\" he claimed.The couple had a major spat last Wednesday and Sagarika was reportedly staying in a friend's home after being allegedly battered by her husband. Anurup said she had been to the childcare agency's office on Thursday. The couple signed an agreement in favour of Dr Arunabhas Bhattacharya , Anurup's brother, allowing him custody of Abhigyan , 3, and Aishwarya, 1. An Indian diplomat was also present during signing of the agreement.The childcare agency is likely to fix a date for the final hearing, which the court had postponed due to marital discord among the parents. \"Right now the two children are staying in Norway without any visa. The childcare agency had earlier asked their parents to get their visa renewed, but they did not do so. I hope the childcare agency hands the children over to me soon, as my visa will expire on April 20,\" said Arunabhas. Anurup's visa has been extended till March 2014 and Sagarika's extended for a year.On Monday, too, Arunabhas had a meeting with the children. He is interacting with them regularly so that once he is given their custody, he can handle them properly. \"The childcare agency never wanted to place the children with their mother,\" said Arunabhas . The parents have also agreed that Abhigyan, who has some behavioural disorder , will be regularly treated at a Kolkata hospital by a pediatrician and Anurup will bear the cost.However, the childcare agency wants to make sure that the children are not taken away by the parents from the uncle once they are back in India. Arunabhas is being quizzed frequently by the childcare agency on steps he would take to protect the children in India and for that, they want the government's assurance as well. \"The Indian diplomats are now trying to bring the children back,\" said Arunabhas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12422640", "title": "19-year-old held for attempt to abduct girl", "text": "JAIPUR: Two days after a girl accused a boy living in her neighbourhood of attempting to abduct her and outrage her modesty, the Shastri Nagar police have arrested the 19-year-old boy.According to the police, the victim Simaran Kaur (18) had lodged an FIR at the Shastri Nagar police station on Saturday saying that while she was returning home, the accused Jai Prakash (19) hit her with his bike and threatened her to sit on his vehicle by showing a knife. When the girl started shouting for help, passers-by came to her rescue on hearing her shouts, and the accused fled from the scene.\"We arrested the boy on Monday and he was presented before a local court where he was released on bail. He was booked under Sections 386 and 376/511 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC),\" a police officer said.It is noteworthy that the victim had implicated three persons of attempting to abduct her, however, the police has arrested just one person in this connection. Police added the accused is a Ist year B.Com student while the victim is pursuing BCA Ist year and have prolonged rivalry. Both had been implicating each other over various things for a long time.\"Based on the complaint lodged by the victim we arrested the accused and are trying to arrest other accused,\" said an officer. According to the police, in a similar incident, a girl was abducted from the Vidhyadhar Nagar police station area last week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12423165", "title": "Opposition seeks CBI probe into 'BJD-Maoist links'", "text": "KORAPUT Former Koraput legislator Tara Prasad Bahinipati has alleged that the abduction of the Laxmipur BJD MLA Jhina Hikaka by Maoists was planned and BJD MLAs of the district and Koraput MP are behind the kidnap drama.According to the two-time Congress legislator, the BJD had gained support of the lone Independent zilla parishad member of Narayanpatna, reportedly backed by Maoist supported Chasi Muliya Adivasi Sangh (CMAS), to grab the post of president of zilla parishad and in return had agreed to fulfill the demands of the CMAS at the earliest.\"The CMAS had put forth at least 10 demands to support the BJD and the ruling party had agreed to fulfill all the Sangh demands. As many as four legislators and Koraput MP had written to the chief minister to act on the demands of the CMAS and in return the tribal outfit had supported the BJD. And now to fulfill the demands the kidnap drama has been orchestrated,\" Bahinipati alleged at a press conference in Koraput on Monday.According to the former MLA, the first time tribal MLA has been made scapegoat in the whole episode created by veteran BJD leaders of the district. \"BJD legislators Rabi Narayan Nanda, Raghuram Podal and Koraput MP Jayaram Pangi have cheated the people of Koraput,\" the former legislator said.Withdrawal of cases against jailed CMAS members, special attention to three Sangh activists who are lodged in Berhampur jail, to inquire into the alleged police excesses in Narayanpatna, to move a motion in the state Assembly for inclusion of Nokadora and Kondadora as members of schedule tribe, were a few of the demands put forth before the BJD.The ruling party leaders had also intimated the same in a letter to the chief minister, requesting swift action on the matter.\"The BJD is power hungry. Being totally aware that the demands put forth by the Sangh are not so easy to fulfill in a short span of time, the BJD leaders agreed to the demands just to remain in power. Now to fulfill the demands they have staged the kidnap drama and are misleading the public,\" he alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12422444", "title": "Indore Development Authority decides to reduce size of scheme No. 171", "text": "INDORE: Indore Development Authority (IDA) on Monday decided to exempt four housing societies from its scheme No. 171. After the decision, the size of the scheme will be reduced to nearly 200 hectare from its initial size of 252 hectare.The societies that have been excluded from scheme No. 171 are Baba Farid Nagar, Haji Colony, Maruti Gruha Nirman Shahkari Sanshtha and Sai Krupa Shahkari Sanshtha.\"Construction was being done even before the announcement of scheme No. 132 that was later converted into scheme No. 171 in these colonies, which are approved by the town &amp; country planning (T&CP;).Thus the board has decided not to displace families from their houses by exempting these four societies from the scheme,\" said CEO of IDA, Chandramouli Shukla.However, eight other societies with approved layout from T&CP; will continue to be part of the scheme as no construction or development work was done on their land. He added that the decision has been taken on the basis of the survey, which was carried out by an expert team and it had prepared a report after conducting a direct verification.The area, which has been exempted from the scheme, has 5,139 houses constructed near Khajarana area. The eight housing societies that will continue to be part of the scheme have 7000-8000 plots registered and no constructions have been made.\"IDA will try to give priorities, at the time of land allotment, to people with registries. However, the authority will charge development charge for allotment of land,\" said Shukla adding that IDA will approach the government to make some relaxation in the rule for giving priorities to people with registry.Meanwhile, IDA has asked Indore Municipal Corporation to regularise the colonies, which have been exempted from the scheme.The IDA has been trying to complete scheme No. 171 for many years. First, scheme No. 132 was announced but due to non-completion, the scheme lapsed and IDA re-launched the scheme as scheme No. 171. This time also, it received around 1,000 objections as it had land of around 12 housing societies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12422407", "title": "Eradicate Made Snana, say seers", "text": "BANGALORE: More than 100 swamijis heading various mutts in the state congregated at Freedom Park on Monday to protest against age-old superstitions, specially Made Snana.The swamijis all clad in saffron robes were at the park at 10.30am and wanted the government to ban all superstitious practices in Karnataka . They had travelled from all over the state to participate in the meet.Nidumamidi Veerabadra Swamy said the Constitution is supreme and no religious dogmas should be above it. \"The government should prevent such superstitions and steps should be taken to eradicate them from the society,\" he said.The seers demanded the government promise to initiate action against those who propagated such practices. \"We will not move out of this place till the CM comes here and gives us an assurance. Else, we will march to Vidhana Soudha' 'In the afternoon, chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda and law minister S Suresh Kumar met the seers and promised action.The swamis said the government must immediately set up a permanent commission to look into superstitious practices and investigate complaints . \"Children right from kindergarten should be taught not to practise any superstition . Schools should have a dedicated syllabus on awareness against superstitions ,\" their memorandum to the CM said.Totanda Siddalinga Mahaswamy , another speaker said this gathering was not a show of strength. \"It is unfortunate that districts which have given birth to intellectuals are falling prey to these practices. In the name of religion , many superstitious practices still continue in the state and this should be stopped,\" he said.What is Made Snana?People roll on plantain leaves off which Brahmins have had their meal. The practice has been going on for the past 500 years. The ritual is observed at Subrahmanya and Vasuki temples on Subrahmanya Shashti dayChildren right from the kindergarten should be taught not to practise any superstition. Schools should have a dedicated syllabus on awareness against superstitions- Seers' memorandum", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12422675", "title": "CM has his ear to the ground; it is welfare-oriented", "text": "Chief minister has started a good practice of consulting civil society organisations for innovative ideas before presenting the budget. In fact, the present budget reflects this concern for poor. It also shows that CM is aware of the realities on ground and therefore the budget is more welfare-oriented. Implementation of the budget announcements has always been a concern and it was good that the CM referred frequently to last year's budget announcements and also presented (though selectively) the progress made.Education has got good attention and the number of schemes announced are welcome and they are also in tune with the 'Right to Education Act'. It will have far- reaching positive impact on the quality of education. Particularly, the declaration to give laptops to students fairing well in academics is very good. It is not a freebie as many other states have done as election declaration. Here it will create an atmosphere of competition among students.The announcement to create new posts (almost 1 lakh) in education, police, agriculture, animal husbandry etc. is also welcome. There is a need of healthy work culture and accountability of government officials.The handing over of five departments with funds, functions and functionaries to panchayats was prominently mentioned. The good part is the provision for computerization of gram panchayats (Rs 25 crore). I hope these computers will be connected with internet as well and also printers etc. The provision for GP Bhawan and PRI training centres will further strengthen the local governance. Surprisingly, the chief minister was almost silent on Panchayat Act for Scheduled Areas which is far more powerful and empowering for tribal population.The grant support for sprinklers and drip irrigation is welcome for 'water use efficiency' and the increase in financial support for farm ponds and 'diggi' is very timely, though the amount could have been more. In fact, small and marginal farmers should be encouraged to make best use of the limited supply through higher grant support to them. The provision for support to 'food processing' (Rs 2 crore) is very insignificant in such a big state. The interest subvention to farmers who repay the loan on time is a good initiative and it would help in building a culture of timely loan repayments. Banks should be happy with this and they should pro-actively extend loans to farmers.The provision of free medicines for animals on the lines of free medicine for people is very innovative and a welcome step. New posts of veterinary doctors and other staff are also announced. Considering the importance of animal husbandry, state needs a cadre of para vats and government should have made provision for training large number of community resource persons, especially women as Pashu Sakhi -the cadre developed by many NGOs and are very effective.The government has given good emphasis on livelihood generation of poor by building skill of youth. The declaration of 20 new ITIs, training of 1 lakh youth and placing them in jobs, interest subvention for youth taking up self employment etc. are really good initiatives. Along with this, government should be talking with banks to ensure that the credit should first be made available to young entrepreneurs.Jaipal Singh | Executive Director, Centre for Micro Finance", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12421462", "title": "Tinted glass order reserved", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday reserved its verdict on a PIL seeking complete ban on use of dark films on car windows, including the vehicles used by VIPs. The PIL has alleged that many crimes in cities were committed by people using such cars with tinted car windows.A bench of Chief Justice S H Kapadia and Justices A K Patnaik and Swatanter Kumar asked petitioner Avishek Goenka whether he had any statistics relating to the percentage of crimes committed by using cars with tinted windows.Goenka said he had 25 RTI query responses from various police stations to back his claim that many crimes, including sexual assault on women, were committed by offenders who used cars with tinted glasses to evade public gaze and conceal their identity.The Central Motor Vehicle Rules, 1989, says glasses of windscreen and rear windows of vehicles should have a visual light transmission of 70% and, for side windows, it should be 50%. Goenka said police did not have enough lux meters to check visibility quotient of a windscreen and mostly depend on naked eye estimates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "12421986", "title": "East Singbhum police launch anti-Maoist operation", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: East Singhbhum police and CRPF carried out an anti-extremist operation in the forest under Ghurabanda police station, bordering Odisha, on Monday.Police claimed it was a routine operation against CPI (Maoist) and has nothing to do with the MLA hostage crisis in the neighbouring state. \"The operation is part of the normal course of action against the Maoists and was launched two days ago,\" said sub-divisional police officer (SDPO), Ghatshila, Naresh Kumar.An officer, part of the day-long operation, said combing was being done since the evening of last Saturday, and two security teams are still present in the forest. A senior state intelligence officer said they have received inputs from their Odisha counterpart about four suspected rebels who have possibly sneaked into the state through the Jharkhand border.The officer did not say whether the four suspected rebels had any links with the group that kidnapped Biju Janata Dal MLA Jhina Hikaka. \"On the advice of Odisha police, we alerted the district police,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12422451", "title": "Convocation awaits chief guest", "text": "BANGALORE: It's an endless wait for nearly 50,000 graduates and post-graduate students passing out of the Bangalore University this year. The convocation which is scheduled to be held in January every year is yet to be conducted because the varsity is unable to finalize a chief guest. The university wanted only Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad to be the chief guest. But the minister is said to be busy.On Monday, the academic council which was to finalize the convocation date, chose to indulge in squabbling over the venue of the meeting rather than discuss the issue. All that the council did at the end of a four-hour meeting was to release the list of candidates eligible for the degree certificate in various faculties. But when is the big question.For students, the convocation and the resultant degree certificates are very crucial as many have to apply for higher studies. Many universities both in India and abroad insist on a degree certificate even to accept applications.When N Rangaswamy , finance officer, came to present the annual account for the year 2010-2011 , a number of incongruities came to light. \"I agree that there are some discrepancies in the numbers as we did not go into the details and check the document. But the auditors of the university will be summoned to rectify the document,\" said Rangaswamy and urged the members to pass the annual account.\"Why should you even place such a shabby report?\" said Karan Kumar, academic council member. Members refused to pass the varsity annual account till corrections were made.Times ViewBangalore University has been hitting the headlines for all the wrong reasons in the past two years. An open war between the vice-chancellor and top officials has tarnished its reputation. That the infighting has degenerated into a fight over the venue of a meeting on Monday is a matter of shame and concern. The university should realize that power struggles within its corridors deeply affect the future of students. It's time the university and its officials were taught a harsh lesson to put students above all else.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12421849", "title": "SSC recruitment exam not to be affected by the Telangana stir", "text": "HYDERABAD: Though Telangana supporters have assured that they would not target APSRTC buses taking SSC students to examination centres, parents are worried that those travelling in private vehicles could be attacked. The secondary education department has sent a letter to all district collectors in the Telangana region asking them to provide police protection to parents carrying their children in vehicles to exam centres. Meanwhile, most state board schools in the city have decided to function, while some CBSE and ICSE schools declared a holiday.The secondary board of examinations has appealed to Telangana agitators not to prevent SSC students from reaching their examination centres.Meanwhile, three universities in the Telangana region, Osmania University, Palamuru University, Mahbubnagar and Mahatma Gandhi University, Nalgonda have postponed all the examinations which were scheduled to be held on Tuesday on account of the bandh. Osmania University's undergraduate degree examinations had started on Monday. In a press release, OU authorities said that examinations of all the three universities would be held as per schedule on March 28.However, Telangana students' unions said that they had not exempted the SSC examinations from bandh. \"The suicides in Telangana are politically murders and we will resist the state government's move to suppress the agitation. The government should have postponed the examinations and since it has refused to do so, we will disrupt it,\" said Konagala Mahesh from Telangana Vidyarthi Ikya Vedika.\"The state government should have postponed the examinations by a day. By deciding to conduct the examination on bandh day the government is playing with the future of lakhs of students. We request the agitators not to disrupt the examinations,\" said M Sambashiv Rao, a parent here.\"They do not have to travel for long and since tight police protection will be provided on Tuesday most students will not face problems,\" said spokesperson of Board of Government Examinations. On Tuesday first language paper I (group A), paper II (composite course) and OSSC main Language paper-I examinations are being held.Some student unions backed by TRS maintained that they would not disrupt the examinations.In the wake of two suicides in Warangal in the past three days for the T cause, Osmania Students Joint Action Committee announced that they would conduct district tours in the coming month to counsel students against taking their lives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12425569", "title": "Navaratra: Devotees seek Mata\u2019s blessings", "text": "KANPUR: A large number of devotees were seen at various Durga temples in the city on Monday. The serpentine queues hindered traffic at various places.Even the blazing sun failed to dampen the spirit of the devotees. People were witnessed walking barefooted in scorching heat to pay obedience to the goddess.People of all age groups, particularly board students, had reached temples in large numbers. It is believed that whatever a person asks from the Mata during Navratri, his/her wishes are fulfilled. The deity is said to have three eyes and four arms and blesses all her children when pleased. Junglee Devi temple in Kidwai Nagar, Baradevi temple in Baradevi, Tapeshwari temple at Birhana Road, Kali Mathiya temple in Shastri Nagar witnessed huge rush of devotees.Navratri is celebrated with devotion, love and fervour all over India. It is also called as Navaratra at several places.\"The Navratri celebration is colourful in north India where many 'siddh' temples of the Mata are located,\" said a devotee.Elaborating the meaning of Navratri, Pandit Sarvodaya of Tapeshwari temple said, \"Nava means 'nine' and 'ratri' is made up of 'ra' which also means 'night' and 'tri' meaning the three aspects of life - body, mind and soul.\"Navratri is the time to discard evil traits like hatred, jealousy, ignorance, anger, greed and violence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "12421948", "title": "Parents &amp; schools at loggerheads over student failure", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Parents and the schools, who were apparently on the confrontation path on the merits of the Right to Education (RTE) Act for the past few months, are now blaming each other for the high percentage of failure in Class XI.A section of the parents are smelling conspiracy behind it and are building pressure on the schools to conduct re-test of their wards for promotion to XIIth standard.\"The students have failed because of inadequate faculty strength and poor study material,\" said a guardian whose child in Class XI failed in Central Public School, Adityapur, a CBSE-affiliated school. Over 50 of the 132 students failed in Class XI in Central Public School.The school, although agreed to conduct re-test of the unsuccessful students, considers the step inappropriate. \"It's inappropriate but in the interest of the students, we have decided to conduct re-test of the failed students in the first week of May,\" said Central Pubic School principal A K Panda.A senior official in the district education department said none of the faction had approached them seeking intervention into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12421899", "title": "Child prodigy eyes Olympic gold, Civils", "text": "HYDERABAD: One among the thousands of students who appeared for their degree examination on Monday was 12-year-old Naina Jaiswal, who is pursuing her BA in mass communication, political science, remedial English, phonetics, English and Hindi as her subjects.Jaiswal, also a tennis champ, passed her class X examination at the age of eight and completed her Intermediate at 11. Talking about why she wants to finish her education early, Naina said, \"I want to have ample time for sports. At 16, I want to finish my PG so that by the time I turn 20 I can concentrate on my practice and realise my dream of winning an Olympic gold medal for the country as well as start preparing for the UPSC exam.\"Winner of nine gold medals in various national and international table tennis tournaments in the past year, Naina was home schooled till the age of seven and attended school at eight to write her Class X board exams. She is currently a student of St Mary's College, Yousufguda, and she completed her Intermediate too from the same college. College officials confirmed that she was indeed 12-year-old and currently in degree first year. Officials also added that she had taken special permission from the Board of Intermediate before appearing for the Inter exams.\"When I went to write the first exam on Monday the invigilators were amazed. The people sitting around me in the examination hall, too, were surprised,\" she said.Elaborating on her balancing studies and sports , she said, \"All through the year I am busy travelling to participate in various tournaments. I attend college only when I am in the city. Around two months before the exam, I start preparing and I study only for two to three hours a day. I don't try to learn answers by rote.\" She revealed that she does feel a little out of place among her much older classmates, but everyone at college does their best to make her comfortable. Naina's father, Ashwani Kumar Jaiswal, a lawyer, said that apart from academics and sports, she is also interested in music. \"She plays piano and sings too. She is very ambitious and wants to pursue all her interests simultaneously, which is why she is keen on completing her education so early.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12422139", "title": "Mau jailor shifted for violence in jail", "text": "VARANASI: The state government on Monday attached jailor of the Mau district jail, V K Mishra, to the Jail Headquarters in connection with the March 21 violence in which a number of persons were injured.DIG (Jail) Gorakhpur Kedar Nath told TOI over phone that \"V K Mishra has been attached to the headquarters. \"Ramjit Singh of the Barabanki jail will replace Mishra at the Mau jail,\" he added.He said that after the March 21 violence in the Mau jail in which two wardens and many inmates were injured seriously, prisoners and the jail officials had lodged cross FIRs. A magisterial probe, ordered by the district magistrate, is also underway.Nath said that further action would be initiated after completion of the police and magisterial investigations.Violence had erupted in the Mau jail on March 21 following death of an ailing prisoner, Sayid-ur Rehman, on the night of March 20. Scores of prisoners and a number of jail officials and guards had suffered injuries in the incident. Two seriously injured deputy jailors were rushed to the SSL Hospital of the BHU in Varanasi.Situation was brought under control by senior administrative and police officials after use of force.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "12421522", "title": "Chinese police escapee an icon for exiles", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: A Tibetan, who fled from Tibet to India, with marks of gunshot on his body and an injured arm, stated to be a Chinese police escapee, who carried a reward of about 15,000-20,000 yuan on his head, has become an icon for Tibetans in exile here.Tsewang Dhondhup (39) fled from Tibet after being injured in a clash with Chinese military in Tehar region of Tibet, after which he fled from there, as strongly advised by his friends.According to him, the clash triggered after Chinese military shot a monk in front of him in a protest by Tibetans there demanding return of the Dalai Lama to Lhasa. He said he had spent one year, one month and 27 days, hiding in the hill, to escape Chinese authorities.\"On March 24, 2008 at 4.00 pm, when Tibetans were holding a protest, Chinese forces arrived and started firing blindly in which a monk named 'Kunga' was shot. Hearing his screams, I had gone near him and received two gun shots on my left arm and another one on the side of my stomach,\" said Dhondhup.President of Students for Free Tibet, Dorjee Tseten, said they will name him as \"Tibetan Rambo\" as he had spent one year hiding in forests and hills, which is horrible even to imagine.\"We regularly take him to orientation workshops organized by us at various places. He details his tragic story to Tibetans in exile, so as to keep the struggle for freedom on among young generation also,\" said Dorjee.The escapee is now an icon for Tibetans in exile here and is projected as a freedom fighter.Presently, he is being sponsored by the organization of former Tibetan prisoners, \"Gu Chu Sum.\" He still has some injuries on his body and his arm is under treatment.To get refuge in India, he had to pay Rs 50,000 to a person in Lhasa, who made him reach the Nepal refugee centre, from where he entered India, he said. When he started from Tehar region, he walked continuously for six days to escape into the hills.\"I have spent three days in Nepal refugee centre and after completing legal formalities, I arrived in McLeodganj on May 25, 2009,\" said Dhondhup.Dhondhup has also been to Taiwan recently where he addressed Tibetan gatherings in many schools and colleges there.However, authorities here were not clear about the legal angle about his status here, but said if any notification comes from home ministry, they will extend full cooperation and would take steps accordingly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "12421064", "title": "Tablet computers for Class V, VI students, e-content soon", "text": "PORVORIM: For his pet education sector, chief minister Manohar Parrikar dedicated a good part of the budget, announcing notebook or tablet computers for Class V and VI students and initiation of e-content compilation which will soon serve as teaching data for schools.The government intends to continue with the laptop scheme for Class XI students and will clear the backlog of the last two years by May end and fresh batch of students will be provided with laptops before September, 2012, the budget announcement spelt out.In addition, students in Class V and VI will be provided with notebooks/tablets, and by next academic year 2013-14, all students upto Class IX will be covered, Parrikar said. A provision of Rs 95 crore has been made under the scheme. Students of non-aided and other institutions, who have missed out on this scheme, will be covered retrospectively.\"The focus will be on 'e-content' using experienced/retired teachers to prepare good educational content. The same will be put up on a state-owned data center using the Goa Broadband project and then utilize the content on laptops/notebooks or tablets. This will help establish an interactive classroom for facilitating teaching learning process, making it a joyful experience for the students,\" Parrikar said.He said that every class will be converted into a smart class by providing the required hardware and e-content of the curriculum and also training the teacher to teach in a digital environment.\"Our educational policy has to be in perfect sync with the industrial requirement in Goa. My government will make internship mandatory for all professional courses by registering with the companies, monitoring its strict compliance. Incentive will be given to colleges working on 'guaranteed placement' ideology,\" Parrikar said.A 100% financial assistance was announced to all students, whose annual family income is less than Rs 3 lakh to ensure education for all in the spirit of the Right to Education act, he said.\"In order to save and propagate Sanskrit, I propose to promote establishment of an Open University for Sanskrit. A grant of Rs 500 lakh will also be provided to the Ayurvedic College in Goa, to enable them to upgrade their research infrastructure and facilities,\" Parrikar said.Kerosene, fishing net subsidy for fishermen PORVORIM: An increase in kerosene subsidy used by traditional fishermen to Rs 50,000 has been announced in the state budget. The subsidy on purchase of fibre glass canoes and fishing nets has also been hiked to 50%.In case of the subsidy on fibre glass canoes and fishing nets, fishermen will be permitted to avail of this facility every four years, instead of twice in their life time. The budget has sought to increase diesel quota from the existing 16KL to 20KL thereby ensuring 100% VAT refund to trawler operators.The budget has also provided Rs 50,000 per year to the registered fishermen's societies to conduct their operations. The subsidy for outboard motors has also been enhanced to 50% of its cost price subject to a maximum of Rs 60,000.\"In order to facilitate better services for the traditional fishermen, I propose to take up construction of fish landing ramps, net mending sheds and slipways, including temporary storage facilities. I propose to encourage fresh water fish farming, including fishing activity in ponds, lakes and reservoirs by providing appropriate support,\" Parrikar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12423101", "title": "Fatty diet makes brain cells fat too", "text": "WASHINGTON: Eating too much French fries and burgers ? Then, the effects would not only show up in your weight but also in your brain, scientists say. Researchers at the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine in the US have discovered that high-fat diets cause new brain cells in mice to sprout in an area of the brain that seems to regulate eating.Interestingly, the new brain-cell growth was stopped , the mice gained less weight and stayed more active even while eating their \"supersize\" diet, the researchers said. \"We really don't understand the function of these neurons in the normal brain,\" study researcher Seth Blackshaw said. \"Our data suggests that these neurons may have an important role in regulating feeding,\" he said.According to the team, the cells are located in a part of the brain, called the median eminence , which lies at the edge of a fluid-filled chamber and therefore outside of the bloodbrain barrier, but it extends deep into the hypothalamus.The hypothalamus plays a role in regulating how our bodies spend the energy they take in and sends out signals to the body through the pituitary gland to control hunger, thirst and behaviour. PTI", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12424835", "title": "Trisha unwinds with her best friends", "text": "Looks like Trisha, who is busy shooting for her Tamil and Telugu films, took time off from her schedule to unwind with her best friends.The Samaran girl first spent a day with special children in Kanchipuram. She wrote on her microblogging site, \"Spent the most beautiful day in Kanchipuram at with the most adorable kids... Those interested, please do visit (them) and any help from your side will be appreciated!\"And, a couple of days later, she had a small get-together with Khushbu and Anu at choreographer Brinda's house. She posted online, \"Had the most fun that I've had in a long time at one of my closest friends and choreographers' house.\"She even posted a couple of picture with her three besties online. Guess Trish knows how to have little fun before she immerses herself in work!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12421393", "title": "Rajya Sabha: BJP members express concern over 'Chinese intrusion'", "text": "NEW DELHI: The opposition BJP members in the Rajya Sabha on Monday expressed concerns over 'reported' increase in Chinese intrusion into Indian air-space and demanded concrete steps to check such incidents.\"A Chinese aircraft has intruded seven kilometers inside the Indian air-space in Kouri area of Himachal Pradesh on Indo-Tibetan border on March 16 and stayed there for 15 minutes...this is not tolerable....Government of India should take concrete measures to stop it,\" BJP member Maya Singh said during Zero Hour.Referring to media reports, she said this was the second incident of Chinese Air Force intruding into the Indian air-space in the last four months indicating such issues were not being taken seriously by the government.As she stressed the need for strengthening strategy to deal with it while demanding adequate response from the government, her party colleagues in the Upper House also associated themselves with her demand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12422403", "title": "Lawyers protest against service tax", "text": "INDORE: Lawyers of Indore bench of Madhya Pradesh high court and district court abstained themselves from work in protest against the proposed service tax on them, on Monday.Bar Association president Ajay Bagadia said that their work did not fall under the service category, hence it was improper to propose service tax on the lawyers.Lawyers were likely to move the court if their day-long protest failed to yield any result, he added. About 20,000-25,000 lawyers across the state remained away from the work during the protest, he claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12421881", "title": "Two more tests to check strength", "text": "KOCHI: The Supreme Court-appointed Empowered Committee (EC) on Mullaperiyar dam dispute has granted the request of Tamil Nadu to conduct two more tests to assess the strength of the dam.\"Tamil Nadu had sought permission to conduct the two tests on the dam. We have granted the request. But we have told them that we have to get all the reports before April 22. We will hold the last sitting on April 22 and 23. The draft report is being prepared currently and will be finalized on April 23. It will be submitted to the Supreme Court by April 23,'' EC member Justice K T Thomas told TOI here.Kerala Irrigation Department chief engineer P Lathika said tomographic tests involving the scanning of inside of the dam is one of two tests approved by the EC. These tests began on Monday afternoon.Second test is to take photos of the inside portion of the dam by placing camera inside the holes which have been bored on the dam for conducting core tests. This test is yet to begin, she said.Tamil Nadu had demanded boring of two more holes on the dam for assessing the strength of the dam. The platforms for his had been erected, but the date of these tests had not nee finalized, she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12420674", "title": "Ode massacre case verdict on April 9", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A special SIT court at Anand has fixed April 9 for delivering verdict in a 2002 riot case at Ode town of central Gujarat where 23 persons were killed.Designated judge P B Singh is scheduled to pronounce judgment in regard with 46 accused persons that were tried for the massacre that had taken place on March 1, 2002. A mob attacked a couple of houses in Pirawali Bhagol in Ode. Nearly 30 persons had taken refuge in the house belonging to one Akbarkhan Bhikhankhan. Many of those who had taken shelter in this house were killed as the mob set the house ablaze.In this case, 47 persons were charged by the court in November 2009. There were charged for murder, conspiracy, riots and unlawful assembly among other offences. Three of them passed away during the trial, while two accused had fled abroad, following which red corner notices have been issued against them.During the trial, special prosecutor P N Parmar had examined 158 witnesses, and from 117 eye witnesses 35 had turned hostile. A total of 147 documentary evidences were placed before the court.The case was heard first by special judge S Y Trivedi, but she resigned from judicial service after she was transferred to Jamnagar in April last year. The final arguments were already over by the time the judge was transferred from the case.Special judge P B Singh began looking after the case from June last year. The defence counsel completed their additional arguments in December last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12421627", "title": "Relax visa norms, India tells US", "text": "NEW DELHI: India on Monday pitched for easier visa norms amid a series of curbs put by lawmakers in the US, which commerce &amp; industry minister Anand Sharma said has resulted in higher fees and rejection rates.Sharma raised the issue with US commerce secretary John Bryson during a bilateral meeting, where Washington pitched for a government procurement agreement, easier rules for foreign direct investment and dilution of the local sourcing clause under the government's solar energy programme.Separately, at a FICCI conference, Bryson made the now-familiar demand for lower import duties, saying they could hurt Indo-US ties in the long run. He cited the power sector to argue that high tariffs were putting the brakes on trade.India exported $36 billion worth of goods to the US last year, while exports from the US to India ballooned to $21 billion during the same period from less than $4 billion in 2001, he said. \"If India is not able to readily access US products or attract strategic investments from U.S. businesses, our progress together could slow down. In the long term, this could cause significant harm,\" Bryson said.Trade ties between the two countries are not in the best of health with the US recently dragging India to the World Trade Organization in case related to poultry exports. But both sides have accused the other of erecting unfair barriers to trade and investment growth.During their meeting, Sharma is learnt to have told Bryson that India was liberalizing its FDI regime and will lift the pause on the entry of global retail giants once there was consensus domestically. In case of the demand for a government procurement agreement, commerce secretary Rahul Khullar is learnt to have retorted by saying that India scored high in the transparency rates on this issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12422106", "title": "Police on toes after court warns of action against DGP", "text": "VARANASI: A contempt notice by the Allahabad high court and order to the director general of police to personally appear before the court has brought the police officials on their toes as apart from range police, the special task force (STF) has also been engaged to arrest the absconding accused police personnel in the killing of two innocent persons in a fake encounter in 1996.According to reports, two persons were killed in a police encounter in Alinagar police station area in Chandauli district in September 1996. But during the CB-CID investigation, the encounter was found to be fake and a chargesheet was submitted before the chief judicial magistrate court of Chandauli district in December 2007 against eight accused police personnel.After this development, two accused constables - Sati Ram Chaurasia and Ram Sakal Yadav surrendered before the court while two others - Swami Nath and Shiv Mohan died in the course of time. Other accused cops - Ram Sakal Yadav, Harinath Pandey, Ram Pratap Singh, Virendra Nath Tiwari and Ravindra Nath Tiwari - neither surrendered nor were they arrested. Chandauli CJM not only issued warrants (bailable and non-bailable) for enforcing their appearance before him but also issued proceedings under sections 82 and 83 of CrPC.However, those orders of the magistrate directing arrest or attachment of the properties of the accused police personnel fell on deaf ears. For the release of his father Sati Ram Chaurasia on bail, his son Pradeep Chaurasia took the shelter of Allahabad High Court. His petitioner counsel Farida Jamal informed TOI over phone, \"After the initial bail plea was rejected and other applications for the bail of two constables, who are in jail since 2007, remained pending, I decided to file a writ petition to take advantage of the provisions prescribed in the constitution.\"The last hearing on this petition took place on March 14 this year in which the secretary (home) of state government, Leena Jauhari, appeared before the court while director general of police did not appear. Taking serious note of the non-compliance of orders of Chandauli CJM as well as high court, the HC served a notice to the DGP asking why a contempt action be not initiated against him and also against other police officials.The court also asked why the DGP, who was posted in May 2011, be not prosecuted by Chandauli CJM for disobeying the court orders which were conveyed to him and other police officials in the form of warrant of arrest and property attachments. The HC ordered the DGP to personally appear before the court and file all information and show reasons through an appropriate affidavit on April 12. Following this order, the cops swung into action and apart from range police, the STF has also been engaged to arrest all the accused police personnel in this case before the next date of hearing. IG (range) R P Singh held a meeting with a deputy SP STF in this connection at his office on Monday. He said that efforts have been intensified to ensure early arrest of all the accused persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12422469", "title": "All the world's a stage here", "text": "BANGALORE: It's deceitful yet delightful! \"It's called theatre and that's what the actor is meant to do on stage - deceive to entertain !\" says theatreperson and restaurateur Prem Koshy. As emotions tumble over each other to find meaningful expression, Bangalore's theatre community is gung-ho about the Great Galata that culminates on Tuesday evening on the occasion of World Theatre Day.Conceptualized by Nimi Ravindran, this drama of life has been a grand gala of scripting, rehearsing and performing in a magic span of three days. This effort has brought about bonhomie at Ranga Shankara, where theatre stalwarts and young artists have been working in tandem to hold the spirit of the stage sky high.\"Thanks to Nimi's efforts , the experience has resulted in so much excitement and camaraderie among the theatre community ,\" says an excited Arundhati Nag, founder of Ranga Shankara, which is the venue of the Great Galata. \"Arundhati Raja, founder of Jagriti theatre, is rehearsing with her group; Prakash Belawadi and Poile Sengupta wrote scripts in Kannada and English; Jayant Kaikini is writing a Kannada play for Chaitanya. Of the 10 short plays, four are in English, two in Kannada and two in Hindi,\" she explains.Poile Sengupta found every minute of this fasttrack experience invigorating , saying it's celebration of theatre, minus the egos, plus the talent! \"To begin with, Girish Karnad picked the lots and groups were formed impromptu. Thereafter , we writers were given a doleful Russian poem and I finished the 8-minute script based on it well within the prescribed 24 hours. It was a real challenge , like writing an exam, but at the age of 64,\" says Poile.The Great Galata in lieu of World Theatre Day is, of course, just another excuse for Bangalore's theatre crowd to make the world their stage. Over the past few months, there's been much ado about lending diversity, ranging from seasonal plays in Jagriti to 10-minute ones at the Short+Sweet fest in Ranga Shankara.The Test and 20-20 formats of theatre have drawn special focus to the art, roping in a flood of actors, writers and audiences into the surreal realm of intimate expressions.\"Theatre reaches out to all our emotions, from love and sorrow to social situations like politics and natural calamity,\" explains Koshy. \"Within its fold, we look for meanings and solutions that help us carry on with life.\"With the advent of 10-minute plays, pioneered by theatreperson Anita Mithra in collaboration with Alex Broun, festival director of Short+ Sweet, Sydney , a nascent lot of enthusiasts joined Bangalore's theatre community. \"Short+ Sweet brought off the woodwork , people who wanted to do theatre but didn't have the guts to. With the 10-minute format being easy on the pocket, new groups have mushroomed and bonds forged. Unmindful of the contest, members from various theatre groups helped each other with props and make up,\" says Anita.The season plays at Jagriti attract expats and tech people into the magic fold of theatre. \"Over the last four seasons , we've seen a real change in our audience. Initially it was the community then, we've had huge increase in the expat community - it took a foreign play like the Golden Dragon to attract them - but now they're hooked to Indian plays too,\" says Arundhati Raja, founder, Jagriti. It doesn't matter what length the play is as Nimi points out. \"Just what does it take to get people to work together towards a professional production?\" she queries.Signs point to the Great Galata, this evening at Ranga Shankara!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12420807", "title": "Four arrested on Sunday may be sex traffickers", "text": "NASHIK: The four Bangladeshis nabbed by the crime branch of the rural police have been remanded in police custody till March 29. They had been arrested on Sunday on charges of intrusion and for staying in India without a valid passport.The accused are suspected to be traffickers pushing Bangladeshi girls into the flesh trade in India, sources said.On March 10, the Niphad police had arrested 26 girls from a brothel in Kundewadi, Musalgaon. During the probe, cops chanced upon the four intruders arrested on Sunday, identified as Mohammed Idail Khoka Miridha (40), from Naudel district of Bangladesh, Shain Abdul Hashim Hawalad (25), Khulana district, Jawarul Gulam Shaikh (29), Naudel district and Sujan Hasan Shaikh (25), Jodayal district.In its March 10 raid, the police had also recovered Rs 10 lakh in cash. Subsequently, the key accused in the case, Mangala Gangawane, and four other women were released on bail. Niphad police inspector R G Desai and his team were working on the earlier case and found out about the four accused during the course of their investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12422549", "title": "Lokayukta raid unearths assets worth 4 crore", "text": "INDORE: Special police establishment of Lokayukta on Monday raided a patwari in Tarana tehsil in the neighbouring Ujjain district and seized property documents and valuables worth Rs 4 crore. Incidentally, the patwari had inkling about the raid a month ago.The patwari Babulal Gomar, therefore, hid his valuables in the neighbouring house, said SP (Lokyukta) Arun Mishra. Unfortunately, the neighbour's house was looted about four days before the raid. However, the Chimanganj police recovered valuables and deposited it in the court. A couple of days ago, the patwari staked claim for his booty from the court.The SP said that the patwari has earned Rs 17 lakh salary as a government servant in 25 years. He owns two houses each in Ujjain and his native Tarana village. He also owns 46 bigha land in Golwa and Limboda villages, 2 four wheelers and 2 two wheelers. The Lokayukta sleuths recovered jewellery worth Rs 9 lakh, investment in various policies to the tune of Rs 7 lakh, and bank savings of Rs 8 lakh. \"He is fond of expensive items,\" said the SP adding that household items worth Rs 8 lakh were found from both the houses. The SP said that the properties were in names of-Gomar, his wife Tejubai and son Krishna. The patwari has been accused of fiddling with land records of the villagers to make money.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12423181", "title": "CPI-ML to gherao assembly on March 30, says Dipankar", "text": "PATNA: CPI-ML (Liberation) will gherao the state assembly on March 30 in protest against the murder of its Rohtas district secretary, Bhaiya Ram Yadav, on March 14 and press for a CBI probe into it.Announcing this at a press conference here on Monday, CPI(ML) general secretary Dipankar Bhattacharya said that Yadav was fast emerging as a revolutionary youth leader of the area. Since he was leading people's protest over different issues, he was killed by forces enjoying the protection of a criminal-turned-MLA, he alleged. The police were a mute spectator to several incidents of crime in the district in recent days, he said.CPI(ML) demanded CBI probe into the roles of police, criminals and political leaders in the murder.Commenting on the conviction of three persons in the former JNU students' union president Chandrashekhar murder case recently, Dipankar demanded that the CBI should unravel the \"political conspiracy\" behind the murder. \"We will continue to mount pressure for this,\" he said.Stating that the number of poor people in Bihar has gone up by 50 lakh in the past seven years of NDA rule, he said that the Bihar government's claim of all-round economic development was false. \"The state's centenary celebrations turned into a eulogy of the past seven years of NDA rule and did not matchwith the socio-economic scenario of Bihar. Influence of feudal forces and incidents of crime have increased in the state. Women are feeling most insecure. That Rupam Pathak had to take up arms against a ruling alliance legislator is a telling commentary on the prevailing situation,\" he said.He demanded that Planning Commission should be dissolved as it was a cruel joke on poor people to mark above poverty line those who were daily spending Rs 22 in villages and Rs 28 in urban areas. Earlier, the poverty line of Rs 26 and Rs 32 announced by the plan panel had invited widespread criticism.Dubbing CM Nitish Kumar's demand for special state status to Bihar as \"political posturing\" against the Centre, the CPI(ML) general secretary recalled that his party had demanded special category status at the time of Bihar's bifurcation in 2000, but no party had supported the plea.\"Nitish Kumar was then a Union minister. But he didn't take up this cause at that time,\" he said. Dipankar, however, hastened to say that the demand was fully justified.On the issue of a non-UPA, non-NDA political alternative, he said it should be based on alternative economic policies. \"On our part, we have been trying in this direction,\" he said, adding \"The need is to bring to the fore a fighting Left\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12422664", "title": "Your dream home will cost more as property gets dearer", "text": "Buying a house now will not be easy with the Gehlot government announcing an increase by 10% in the District Lease Committee (DLC) rates in the 2012-13 budget. As a result the land prices will increase in the city. According to realtors, the state government has not shown mercy to real estate developers and has continuously revised the DLC rates three times in its tenure. The increase in DLC rates will not only affect the lower-income group but also make land and flats out of the reach of many middle and higher-income people as land and its registration prices are bound to rise.Dhirendra Madan, managing director of Mahima Group said, \"Increasing the rates has become a regular feature of the present government. They should think about this as it has adversely affected the consumers in the past. Also, the increase in service tax in recent Union Budget has already increased the prices.\" He added, \"However, we welcome the announcement of a construction academy. This means that the industry will get skilled labour.\"Now a buyer purchasing a house in Tilak Nagar area will have to pay Rs 19,140 per sq mt as compared to Rs 17,400 per sq mt earlier. With the rate of property going up the buyer will also have to shell out more money for registry.Gopal Das Gupta, president of Rajasthan Builder's Association said, \"The state government should increase the DLC rates in the state after a survey. There are many areas where land prices are less than the DLC rates.\" He added, \"The overall budget is not satisfactory for the real estate industry as the much awaited decision, like Section 90-A of Rajasthan Land Revenue Act, 1956 was not announced.\"With the hike in DLC rates, many feel that developers/promoters will use this as an opportunity to jack up their property rates.For example, even after the revised DLC rates, one yard of residential property in Adarsh Nagar will come close to Rs 19,800 whereas the prevailing market rate is Rs 55,000. But promoters may hike their rates simultaneously.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12422520", "title": "Court pulls up govt for not policing the media", "text": "BANGALORE: A high court division bench headed by chief justice Vikramajit Sen has adjourned hearing to Thursday on a batch of petitions pertaining to the March 2 violence at the City Civil Court complex following a request by advocate general S Vijay Shankar.\"We are not saying anything against police. But, minus the CBI, how investigation can go forward to the satisfaction of all is the issue. Do not talk of morals, we are concerned with the truth, when will it emerge? Anyway, you seek instructions ,\" the bench observed. This when the advocate general sought time while appealing to the court not to entrust the investigation to CBI which in his opinion would demoralize the state police.The bench took the government to task for not initiating any action against TV channels which had spread wrong news about some policemen being killed in the March 2 violence.\"In three weeks, nothing has been done. It only shows lack of administration,\" the bench observed. As regards the media, especially electronic media, the bench was of the view that they were only interested in pulling down the rival channel and about viewership.Meanwhile, Advocates Association of Bangalore said police with the help of the government , were wiping out evidence and only a CBI probe could help.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12421625", "title": "No end to illegal sand mining", "text": "HYDERABAD: Taking a serious view of rampant sand mining in the state, the AP High Court recently ordered a stay on the mining activities with effect from April 1. While it remains to be seen as to how the authorities would crack the whip on the sand mafia, there is no let-up in illegal transportation of sand to Hyderabad from various sand reaches.Though sand auction was banned in Ranga Reddy district in 1996, sand from the banks of river Kagna is being lifted illegally and transported to various parts of Hyderabad in tractors and lorries by the powerful mining contractors.That the sand mafia wields an enormous clout is to state the obvious as a senior revenue official of Tandur filed a complaint recently alleging that he was threatened by some of the sand cartel members. With RR district located close to Hyderabad, their activities go on unchecked.In fact, sand auctions are prohibited in Chittoor, Kadapa, Nalgonda, Medak, Nizamabad, Mahbubnagar, Anantapur and Warangal districts as the ground water department has not given permission to dig the sand from river beds and banks of rivulets and streams. At least 150 tonnes of sand is illegally mined from RR district in a month. \"The mafia members do a business of Rs 10 crore in a day in RR district alone. Sand is transported to the state capital and neighbouring Medak district,\" sources said.Sources point out that the activities of sand cartels flourished after the Kagna dried up completely. Devanuru village is the hub from where sand is lifted. As many as 13 cases were booked against former ward members, including a former sarpanch, by the revenue officials recently. With sand lifting happening only in night, the officials are caught napping.\"The illegal sand mining has assumed dangerous proportions and time has come to put an end to this menace,\" Ananth Reddy, tehsildar, Tandur, said.Surprisingly, no police case has been booked against the sand mafia contractors.\"We have booked charges against a few contractors and imposed fines up to Rs 50,000,\" Sudarshan Reddy, joint collector, said. There are about 90 sand reaches in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12422875", "title": "Poor response to BEST hearing", "text": "MUMBAI: A hearing called by the Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC) on Monday to hear views about the BEST's proposal to hike tariffs attracted sparse crowds. BEST deputy general manager Atul Patil said there were a few proposals on the tariff hike issue and that the undertaking had already filed its replies . \"We expect the tariff hike proposal to be considered by the MERC at the earliest. It will help BEST overcome its losses,\" Patil said.The state should direct the BEST to put all transport accounts in the public domain, said Ashok Pendse of the Thane Belapur Industries Association at the meeting.- Ashley D'Mello", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12423191", "title": "State to get three tertiary cancer centres", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Odisha government will establish tertiary cancer centres (TCC) in the medical colleges at Burla and Berhampur and upgrade the Acharya Harihar Regional Cancer Centre, Cuttack, health minister Prasanna Acharya said here on Monday.The TCCs will come up during the 12th five year plan under the National Programme for Control of Diabetes , Cardiovascular diseases and Stroke (NPCDCS) at VSS Medical College, Burla and Hospital and MKCG Medical College and Hospital, Berhampur. The programme was launched in Nuapada district on pilot basis on April 30 and was extended to Koraput, Bolangir, Malkangiri and Nabarangpur later. It will be implemented in all the districts during the 12th Plan period, officials said.Odisha has placed a demand of Rs 18 crore before the Union government for the three centres, Acharya said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12421570", "title": "SC reserves verdict on tinted glass in cars", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday reserved its verdict on a PIL seeking complete ban on use of dark films on car windows, including the vehicles used by VVIPs, alleging that many crimes in cities were committed by people using such cars with tinted car windows.A bench of Chief Justice S H Kapadia and Justices A K Patnaik and Swatanter Kumar asked petitioner Avishek Goenka whether he had any statistics relating to the percentage of crimes committed by using cars with tinted windows.Goenka said he had 25 RTI query responses from various police stations to back his claim that many crimes, including sexual assault on women, were committed by offenders who used cars with tinted glasses to evade public gaze and conceal their identity.The Central Motor Vehicle Rules, 1989, say that glasses of windscreen and rear windows of vehicles should have a visual light transmission of 70% and for side windows it should be 50%. Goenka said the police did not have enough lux metres to check visibility quotient of a windscreen and mostly depend on naked eye estimates.\"Several incidents of rape and molestation have been reported in cars with tinted glasses, especially in Delhi and other metros where the police were expected to be the best equipped,\" he said.The bench said there had been judgments from High Courts of Delhi, Punjab and Bombay on this issue as also certain directions from two benches of the apex court. It said it would consider the issue and pass appropriate orders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12422747", "title": "Ayodhya case judges given Z-security cover", "text": "LUCKNOW: The state government on Monday said that it had provided Z-category security to the three judges of the Lucknow bench of Allahabad High Court who had delivered verdict in the Ayodhya title suits , owing to threat perceptions from SIMI and Indian Mujahideen. These judges are Justice SU Khan, Justice Sudhir Agarwal and Justice DV Sharma, who has now retired.The court was hearing a petition on demand of security cover to judges and Hindu side lawyers. A division bench of Justice DP Singh and Justice DK Upadhyay asked the Centre and UP government to ensure that adequate security arrangement is put in place on and around high court's Lucknow and Allahabad bench premises. The writ petition had raised the issue of security of the judges and lawyers after the arrest of four terrorists by Madhya Pradesh ATS in June 2011.Issuing directions, the bench said, \"Keeping the threat perceptions in mind in view of the report of ATS Gwalior, we direct the respondents to ensure that no car or vehicles should be permitted to enter the premises of the high court without pass and screening/under vehicle search mirror. No person including the litigants and members of Bar shall enter into the high court premises without due scrutiny.At gate number 2 and 6 and other gates, if necessary, facility of intercom may be provided.\" The bench further directed the state authorities and CRPF commandant to hold a combined meeting for further improvement of the security measures and apprise the court of the action taken report in pursuance to the meeting. The court directed the state government to immediately proceed to take steps to implement the comprehensive scheme with regard to security and submit status report by the next date of hearing on April 19.Rajni Kant Mishra, ADG (security), informed the court that with regard to threat perception, information has been received regarding 24 lawyers, who appeared in the case of Ram Janmabhoomi/Babri Masjid dispute and in pursuance to the report of the district-level committee, appropriate security should be provided expeditiously. Deepak Kumar, home secretary, stated that the government would take appropriate steps to upgrade the security forthwith.The court has also said that Ranjana Agnihotri, the petitioner may also be provided a gunner and shadow by the respondent state for the round-the-clock security.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12425308", "title": "Ludwig Mies van der Rohe's 126th birth anniversary: Google remembers with a doodle", "text": "Google's doodle today pays tribute to legendary German architect Ludwig Mies van der Rohe on his 126th birth anniversary. The building in the doodle is the SR Crown Hall at the Illinois Institute of Technology in Chicago, regarded as one of masterpieces of Mies. The building comprised only glass and steel in its exteriors.Regarded as one of the pioneers of modern architechture, Mies is said to have never taken any formal architectural training. He worked with several architects before he developed his own style. Like many of his post-World War I contemporaries, Mies wanted to establish a new architectural style that could represent modern times. He strived towards an architecture with a minimal framework of structural order balanced against the implied freedom of free-flowing open space, according to Wikipedia. He is known to call his buildings \"skin and bones\" architecture.A few years after Adolf Hitler came to power in Germany and the government-financed school he was heading was closed down by Nazis, Mies emigrated to the United States . In the US, Mies became the head of department of architecture at the Armour Institute of Technology, Chicago, which later came to be known as the Illinois Institute of Technology.In 1944, Mies became an American citizen, severing all his ties from his native Germany. Mies architecture, with its origins in the German Bauhaus and western European style, became the popular choice for several American buildings like cultural and educational institutions, public agencies and many large corporations.Some of the prominent buildings designed by Mies include Farnsworth House (Illinois), 860-880 Lake Shore Drive Apartments (Chicago), Seagram Building (New York City) and Museum of Fine Arts (Houston). Ludwig Mies died in 1969 in Chicago at the age of 83.Google doodles are the decorative changes that are made to the Google logo to celebrate holidays, anniversaries, and the lives of famous artists and scientists. The first doodle was created by Larry Page and Sergy Brin in the year 1998 to mark the celebrations of the Burning Man Festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12422668", "title": "BSF man hangs self at Bhondsi training centre", "text": "GURGAON: A BSF jawan committed suicide early on Monday at the paramilitary force's training centre in Bhondsi. The body was found hanging from a tree on the training centre's campus. Police conducted a postmortem and handed over the body to the kin.The body was identified as that of 28-year-old Kawal Singh, a resident of Kharar Alipur village in Hisar district. Singh had joined BSF in 2003 and was undergoing some kind of training at the centre.According to the police, the incident took place around 7am. \"After being informed by the BSF training centre, a police team reached there to find the body hanging with a rope from a tree,\" said a police officer. The body was found hanging when the jawans were out on a morning walk. The Bhondsi police took the body for postmortem and informed the family members who reached Gurgaon a few hours later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12422077", "title": "Police crack dacoity case; three arrested", "text": "PUNE: The Pune crime branch on Monday claimed to have solved a dacoity case at a jeweller's house in Sangli on March 13, following the arrest of a gang of three at Bijleenagar in Chinchwad. The police recovered around 1 kg gold, 8 kg silver and a car totalling Rs 37.61 lakh from the suspects.A police team led by police inspector of crime branch (unit III) Mohan Vidhate made the arrests. The suspects were identified as Amol Vishwas Oval (30) of Wagholi, Parvez Hanif Shaikh (34) of Satara and Vijay Koli (38) of Sangli.Addressing a news conference on Monday, additional commissioner of police (crime) Anant Shinde said police constable Shakir Jinedi had received a tip-off about the suspects preparing to commit a dacoity at a jewellery shop in the Bijleenagar area. \"The police laid a trap and nabbed the suspects early on Sunday,\" he said.Shinde said the suspects were produced before the court and remanded to police custody till March 29. \"During custodial interrogation, the trio revealed their involvement in a dacoity at Sangli. We recovered gold and silver ornaments from them and also recovered the gold from a jeweller in Pune, who had bought the booty.\"He said the police also recovered a car from Shaikh. \"He had purchased the car from the money the trio had looted from the jeweller's house in Sangli.\"Assistant police commissioner (crime) Vinod Satav said that on March 13, the trio and their one another accomplice had forced their way into jeweller Shashiram Mulik's house in Sangli. \"The suspects had thrashed Mulik, his wife and son and had looted around 1 kg gold and 8 kg silver from his house,\" he said.Satav said that before committing the offence, the suspects had conducted a recce of Mulik's house for 10 days with the help of Koli, who was living in the same area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12422411", "title": "SC expresses concern over clinical trials", "text": "INDORE: Hearing a petition on alleged illegal clinical trials in the country including Indore, the Supreme Court expressed its concern and said the government must take corrective measures.\"This is very unfortunate and the government must take corrective steps,\" said a bench of justices comprising R M Lodha and H L Gokhale on Monday.On the other hand, the bench refused to implead Indian Society for Clinical Research (ISCR) for the time being for having its say during the hearing of a plea on the issue and asked it to prove its bonafide.\"People are dying. That is most unfortunate,\" the bench observed when senior advocate U U Lalit, appearing for the ISCR pleaded that the court should also hear its stand.The ISCR is an association of clinical research professionals and the society brings together all those who are engaged in clinical research activities in India.The bench asked the Centre, Medical Council of India to file their response within six weeks and posted the matter for further hearing on July 13.The court was hearing a public interest litigation (PIL), filed by a group of doctors including Dr Anand Rai and Dr Anand Raje and others who alleged that illegal and unethical clinical trials are being done on poor persons including juveniles, adivasis and dalits who were being used as guinea pigs for testing of drugs and vaccines produced by multinational corporations.The petitioners, had also sought the court's directions for forming a Committee of Experts, consisting of members of the civil society to examine the present legal provisions concerning clinical trials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12425437", "title": "IFFCO MD petition turned down", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad High Court has dismissed an application filed by managing director (MD) of the Indian Farmers Fertilizer Co-Operative (IFFCO) Ltd, Udai Shanker Awasthi, who had challenged the proceeding pending against him in a complaint case filed by Sudha Kant Pandey.In the complaint, Pandey had alleged that managing director of IFFCO, by committing fraud not only terminated the work contract and grabbed the entire amount towards the work done by him, but had also taken illegal possession of the entire goods and articles lying in the said premises.Dismissing the application, Justice Naheed Ara Moonis directed to surrender and apply for bail within a period of 30 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12422253", "title": "Make arrangement in jail to offer Namaz, pleads Zaheda", "text": "Accused in the RTI activist Shehla Masood murder case, interior designer Zaheda Pervez on Monday pleaded before the court for arrangements inside the prison cell to offer namaz.Zaheda along with her friend and accused Saba Farooqui and Saqib Ali 'Danger' was produced in the court of special CBI magistrate Dr Shubhra Singh in Indore, who extended their judicial custody till April 3.Zaheda pleaded that there was no proper place to offer namaz in her cell in the district jail. The Bhopal-based interior designer said she often gets bullied by other inmates and prayed to improve the living conditions in the jail. \"Other inmates do not allow us to talk or interact,\" maintained Zaheda pleading that she and Saba be kept in the same cell. As of now, both the accused have been lodged in separate cells. Zaheda also complained about the poor quality of food and unhygienic condition in the jail.The judge directed the defense lawyer Nafisa Ali to submit an application pertaining to grievances aired by Zaheda and Saba before her in the jail and sought a report from the district jail authorities by March 28. Talking to the media persons, the defense lawyer said her client Zaheda was suffering from asthma, while Saba too has been complaining of health problems and they needed proper care.CBI counsel Hemant Shukla said that the court has also ordered for voice samples of Zaheda in the next 10 days. However, Zaheda appeared reluctant to part with her voice samples. \"But the judge maintained that the voice samples will be taken under the guidance of the experts,\" said the counsel adding that the court can order for samples even without consent of the accused. Meanwhile, the special CBI magistrate remanded another accused in the case, Tabish Khan to police custody remand till March 30. Tabish has also complained about health problems in the custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12422102", "title": "Reproductive child health centres in city become hide-outs of anti-socials", "text": "KOZHIKODE: If the state of reproductive child health (RCH) centres in city is a yardstick for health sector in state, it shows the yawning gap between what is planned and what happens on ground.The reproductive child health project was meant to address the health and immunization of children and women in the city. But lack of doctors and infightings within the administration has derailed the entire project.Now out of the nine RCH centres in city only a few are operational. Rest of them have transformed into pain and palliative care centres. Out of 44 sub-centres, one for every 10,000 persons, in the district and 27 in the city, only 13 are functional. Even these sub-centres are open only for a day or two in a week due to shortage of doctors.The equipment and infrastructure set up at RCH centres are in disuse and the sub-centres have become hide-outs for anti-social elements. The Rs 10.7-crore project, considered as one of the four major urban health projects in the country, met this fate thanks to petty infightings of officials and elected members.The project was started in the city in 1999. At that time the Kozhikode Corporation was the only civic body in the state where the project was implemented. Trouble started when the implementation committee of the project was revamped after the World Bank exited from the project in March 2004. The rift between then district collector T O Sooraj and the health standing committee chairman M Bhaskaran came in the open when Bhaskaran was not included in the implementation panel of the project.Former corporation health standing committee chairman P Divakaran (1995-2000), under whose tenure the project was launched, blamed the UDF government which came to power in 2001 for the failure of the project.\"The problem started when the UDF revamped the implementation panel that led to the resignation of then corporation health standing chairman M Bhaskaran in 2004,\" he said.Janamma Kunhiunni, health standing committee chairperson, said only three doctors were there for nine RCH and sub-centres. \"We have brought the issue of doctor shortage to the attention of the state government,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12421587", "title": "Rajoana hanging: Jail supdt moves Chandigarh court, seeks deferring of death warrant", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In another twist in the ongoing debate over the death sentence awarded to Babbar Khalsa International (BKI) militant Balwant Singh Rajoana, the superintendent of Patiala jail, L S Jhakhar, on Monday filed a petition in a local court in Chandigarh, seeking deferring of the death warrant of Rajoana.Jhakhar, through his counsel Anupinder Singh Grewal, who is also the additional advocate general of Punjab, filed the petition and also returned the death warrants, issued earlier, by the court of additional district and sessions judge Shalini Singh Nagpal.The petition said that the legal process in the case was still on and the mercy petition for Rajoana, filed by Shiromani Gurdwara Parbhandak Committee (SGPC), was pending before the President, so execution of death sentence should not be done at this point of time. However, the CBI counsel opposed it and said that the defence was producing facts, before the court, in a distorted manner.\"Petitions of two other co-accused -- Lakhwinder Singh alias Lakha and Jagtar Singh Hawara -- are pending before the Supreme Court of India. Lakha, who was awarded life imprisonment, has pleaded for acquittal whereas CBI has filed a petition to convert life imprisonment of Hawara to capital punishment,\" said Grewal.\"As per law laid down by the apex court, execution of death sentence cannot be done till petitions of co-accused are pending,\" he pointed out.Grewal said that Supreme Court is evaluating the case and it is advisable to first wait for its decision.CBI special lawyer R K Handa said, \"They are producing the facts before the court in a distorted manner. They should allow the law to take its own course. There is no point in considering the petitions of other co-accused when they were not given death sentence.\"The court has adjourned the matter till March 27.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12422526", "title": "CXO's change into Indian attire", "text": "BANGALORE: A Chanda Kochhar , Naina Lal Kidwai or Vinita Bali won't be caught dead in a western outfit at work. It's flowing, elegant saris and, at times, salwar-kameez ensemble that works for them in the corner office. Their male counterparts have shown no such chutzpah, preferring to stick to western suit or, in a slightly less formal environment, an open neck shirt-jacket combo.But some sartorial shift is happening . It's early days yet, but the quintessential Indian male attire of kurta-pyjama worn with a waistcoat is making its way to corporate boardrooms . A handful of CXOs are going back to their roots.T V Mohandas Pai, chairperson, Manipal Universal Learning, and former Infosys director, has adopted Indian wear as part of his dress code twice a week. Pai wears a kurta-pant , which he says is the emerging choice among new CXOs. \"It's a trend among businessmen. It shows businessmen are more confident of themselves in the global landscape.\"Pai adds, \"The West always represented success and we aped them in every way possible, including the dress.\" He gives a simple analogy, \"Considering our climatic conditions, Indian wear is the most comfortable clothing. In the US and Europe andManish Sabharwal, CEO, Team-Lease , has done away with his causal Friday dressing attire and instead opted for the Indian look. '' The whole concept of 'you have to be western to be modern' is changing,'' says Manish , whose new Friday look is catching eyeballs at work. '' Everybody pokes fun I'm becoming a neta because of my attire,'' says Manish.Darshan Mehta, president and CEO, Reliance Brands, explains, \"Since the political class has usurped Indian dressing, especially the kurtaand-waistcoat look, there is now a 'netagiri ' tag associated with this attire.\"While just a few CXOs in the mainstream corporate world are flirting with the idea of Indian attire to work, a fair number who have ventured out on their own or have moved into sectors such as micro-finance are taking to Indian dressing more easily. other countries which have colder climates , to be suited and booted is the ideal attire.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12422275", "title": "RTI applicants paying through nose literally!", "text": "BHOPAL: RTI applicants end up paying Rs 27 to get a photocopy of information sought through RTI from Barkatullah University. Reason: the university doesn't accept cash. Left with no option, RTI applicant has to cough up bank commission of Rs 25 for Rs-2 challan.Barkatullah University deputy registrar B Bharti said: \"We do not accept cash. We ask applicants to come with a bank challan if they want photo-copies.\"When pointed out, former chief information commissioner (CIC) PP Tiwari said the applicants could not be forced to deposit money through challan or postal order. \"It is the applicant's choice to deposit money as per his convenience. It is wrong, if the university is forcing applicants and taking more money than the prescribed amount,\" Tiwari said.Bharti went on saying the RTI applicants have become a big headache for the university. \"I have to engage half of the staff in answering queries asked in the RTI. Most of them are fraud.\" As it is, the university is facing manpower problem.\"The university daily receives almost 25 applications under the RTI. One can imagine the time spent on answering queries. People even asked for time-table of ten exams held 10 years ago,\" Bharti said. A complaint in this regard has already been filed with the CIC office, an RTI applicant said, adding, the BU is violating the RTI Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "12422216", "title": "Gujarat to \u2018milk\u2019 ship of the desert", "text": "RAJKOT: Gujarat, country's largest milk provider, will also 'milk' the ship of the desert. Following provisions made by the state government in this year's budget, the state will soon get its first commercial dairy for processing of camel milk.The state government has received a proposal from the Kutch District Co-operative Milk Producers Union Limited or the Sarhad Dairy, which has joined hands with a local union of camel breeders Kutch Unt Uchherak Maldhari Sangathan (KUUMS) and Kutch- based non-governmental organization Sahjeevan to develop milk collection networks and to mobilize camel breeders and spread awareness on the economic and health benefits of camel milk.Gujarat Cooperative Milk Marketing Federation (GCMMF), which markets brand Amul, on its part has agreed to market camel milk provided processing and packaging of the camel milk is done from Kutch itself.\"Camel milk has lot of therapeutic value. It is nigh in nutrition and low in fat and it can benefit consumers especially those suffering from diabetes. If processing and packaging is done in Kutch itself, we will be supporting it through our marketing network to make it available to consumers,\" GCMMF's managing director R S Sodhi told TOI on Monday.According to KUUMS's president Bhikha Rabari, the new initiative will bring a lot of benefits to camel breeders.\"Traditionally camel breeders' sale their male, but it takes at least two years. But if they can sell camel milk, then they can get regular income. As of now, camel breeders' sell camel milk at different centres for different uses in Kutch. There are over 400 camel breeders in the region,'' Rabari told TOI, adding that three milk collection centres have been planned in Abdasa, Lakpat and Nakhatrana blocks which have large population of camels.\"With the new development, camel breeders will also get income by selling its milk as well the breed of camel will also survive and will turn economical for Maldharis as well,\" team leader of NGO Sahjeevan Ramesh Bhatti told TOI.The camel breeders in Kutch have in fact started making ice cream and kheer (a sweet preparation made out of milk and rice) using camel milk and are selling it through a vendor in Kutch's headquarters Bhuj.An official in the dairy sector is, however, not as optimistic as with not more than 5,000 litre of camel milk available in Gujarat, it cannot be marketed on a bigger scale. \"It is difficult to set up a separate plant only for camel milk as even if we procure 5,000 litre camel milk on a higher side, it translates into only 10,000 milk pouches which are sufficient only for a small pocket of consumers. Additionally, camel milk is slightly more salty compared to buffalo milk. Hence, it cannot be used for manufacturing of other milk products,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12424196", "title": "Man-made forest fires destroy 60 acres in Shirady-Shishila reserve forest", "text": "MANGALORE: Man made fires due to negligence by people collecting forest produce has affected about 50-60 acres of vegetation in the semi evergreen and wet evergreen Shirady-Shishila reserve forest since Tuesday.The fires, which have been erupting in isolated spots of the forest, have been contained, said AS Abbas, assistant conservator of forest, Puttur Sub Division.He told TOI that the first fire was noticed on Tuesday in an area three km away from the Gundya Gate on National Highway 75. \"It was contained. Again we saw sporadic fires on Wednesday and on Saturday,\" he said.Regarding whether fire was due to natural cause, Abbas said natural cause could be ruled out as it was not a coniferous forest. He also said it was ground fire which had not spread to the canopy; hence the trees were intact only the vegetation below, like dry grass, was burnt out.\"This is a yearly phenomenon. But these are contained as it rains during this period. Barring a mild shower, this year it has not rained like it should have in the ghats, hence we are seeing fires. The heat is unbearable inside the forest as it is dry,\" Abbas said.Forest department sources said the fir has spread from Hassan (Sakleshpur side) and the steep slope of Mugilabetta peak may have aided it to reach Shirady-Shishila forest, in the absence of rain.The fire from Mugilabetta side was contained using the backfire technique on Tuesday. The Shirady forest area in the Dakshina Kannada side is about 10,000 acres.But not everybody agrees that ground fires don't cause damage. \"Even ground fires cause quite a bit of damage. Once the fire burns the base of the tree, it eventually dies,\" says conservationist Niren Jain slowly dies.He also says fire due to natural cause like lightning in these kinds of forest is rare. \"It is mainly man made either to collect resin (for dhoopa used as incense) or get the fresh gass under the dry grass for grazing.\"\"Maintaining fire lines and forest watchers are important to prevent such kind of events,\" adds Jain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12421648", "title": "CBI grills Srilakshmi in prison", "text": "HYDERABAD: Suspended IAS officer Y Srilakshmi, an accused in the illegal mining case, was questioned in the Special Prison for Women , Chanchalguda, by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on Monday.CBI officials questioned Srilakshmi for more than five hours in an office room in the prison. Though the CBI got permission from the high court more than a week ago for questioning her, the agency chose to grill Srilakshmi on Monday.Another accused in the OMC illegal mining case V D Rajagopal, former director of mines, was also questioned by the CBI in the jail on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12421026", "title": "Water resources department seals sewerage pipes leading to Colva creek", "text": "MARGAO: The water resources department (WRD) on Monday started the work of sealing all sewerage pipes leading into Colva creek as per instructions issued by the high court of Bombay at Goa.It may be recalled that the Goa state pollution control board (GSPCB) had in November last year, in its Colva creek inspection report, recommended that the water resources department (WRD) carry out desilting of the creek and monitoring water quality of the creek. GSPCB's inspection report found hotels using underground pipes to dump sewage into drains that lead to the creek.WRD officials who initiated the work of desilting the Colva creek in the beginning of March have almost executed most of the desilting work and on Monday, sealed around 60 pipes that were being used to dump sewerage into the creek.\"We should be in a position to complete all the work shortly,\" said D Powar, assistant engineer (AE), WRD while stating that sealing work began on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12423212", "title": "Padra\u2019s 30,000 sq ft land not encroached: MSU", "text": "VADODARA: After 25 years, M S University has almost accidentally realized that it has 30,000 square feet land in Padra.MSU officials on Monday claimed the fears of the land being encroached upon by a builder are wrongly placed. Despite all the goof ups that the university administration has made the precious piece of land is still with MSU, if the university officials and Padra mamlatdar are to be believed.But there is still no clarity regarding the information that the Padra talati had revealed in his reply to an RTI application which had stated that a residential society had come up on the land earmarked for donation to MSU.TOI had reported that an RTI application had revealed that a resident of Padra Bipin Patel had earmarked 28.54 'guntha' of land at Padra for donation to MSU way back in 1987. Responding to the RTI application made by Kamlesh Shah, a resident of Padra, talati of Padra had given details of survey number 82. The documents revealed that as per revenue records survey number 82 is still an agriculture land. The RTI information further mentioned that a residential colony by the name of Vrjadham Society developed by Shreenathji Developers has come up on the land. Curiously, MSU has no records about this land earmarked for it. MSU vice-chancellor professor Yogesh Singh visited Padra on Monday.\"We were shown the land which is vacant and whose possession has not been taken over by anybody. The government officials have promised us that the land will be registered in our name. We will be cordoning off this land,\" Singh told TOI.University engineer N K Ojha told TOI that the university has written to the city survey office to mark the piece of land. \"Since it is an open land we will start fencing it,\" he said.Padra mamlatdar B S Patel also said that the records still suggest that the land which was donated by Patel is with MSU. But when TOI inquired whether the information revealed by the talati under RTI was wrong, Patel refused to comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12421876", "title": "Graft charge on Bedi: Cops file report", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Police on Monday informed a trial court that it has questioned Microsoft and Vedanta Foundation officials and examined relevant documents in its probe into a case of alleged misappropriation of funds by former IPS officer Kiran Bedi , which was meant for an NGO run by her.Filing a status report before Additional Chief Metropolitan Magistrate Amit Bansal, the Crime Branch said it will finish the probe \"at the earliest\". It said three Microsoft officials have been questioned and \"relevant documents taken into the possession\".\"Investigation is in progress and efforts are on to finalize the investigation at the earliest,\" the police stated in its one-page status report, in which it also referred to the probe into the allegations against Bedi about inflated bills of air tickets and those for purchase of computers during her stint in the Police Training College.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12426281", "title": "Khurshid says Karnataka govt will have to take a call on Wakf scam", "text": "NEW DELHI: With a Karnataka government-appointed panel unearthing an alleged scam with regard to wakf land, minority affairs minister Salman Khurshid on Tuesday said it is a state level issue and they would have to take a decision on it.However, if the state government wanted, it could refer the matter to the Union government, he said.Khurshid said, \"This ( wakf scam) is actually a state level issue, state level entitlement, so they will have to look at it,\" he told reporters outside Parliament.\"State government will have to decide what they want to do, if they refer something to us, it is another matter,\" he said.Karnataka minorities commission chairman Anwar Manipaddy had on Monday submitted a report on alleged scam of over Rs 2 lakh crore, involving Wakf Board land, to chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda.Khurshid said that \"nothing had come\" to him till present regarding the Karnataka government's findings.Noting that a council for Waqf Boards existed at the central level, he said the minority affairs also has overall monitoring capacity and responsibility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "12422907", "title": "Solve ryots' problems, stop migration: Horatti", "text": "DHARWAD: Failure to solve problems faced by farmers has led to many ryots looking out for other options, outside the agriculture sector, said MLC and former minister Basavaraj Horatti.Inaugurating a one-day training programme on 'Plant breed protection and Farmers' Right Act', organized at University of Agricultural Sciences (UAS) in Dharwad, he said farmers were forced to look for other avenues as they had lost hope in agriculture. They say farming is being haunted by new types of problems associated with change in technology and government policies.Terming the land acquisition for industrial purpose as a negative development, Horatti called upon farmers to revolt against government's decision to hand over their land to MNCs.\"Farmers' migration from agriculture will hit the nation's economy and food security. There is an urgent need to solve farmers' problems and retain them in this profession,\" he asserted.Lauds Uas' EffortsHoratti hailed efforts of the varsity in organizing awareness programmes for farmers to tell them about their rights and also arm them with legal knowledge.Punjab University vice-chancellor Baldev Singh Dillon congratulated the UAS for holding krishi mela and seed mela, which grabbed attention for the right reasons. He said, \"The UAS has become a model for the nation in bridging the gap between farmers and laboratories.\"\"By adopting information technology, the UAS is disseminating need-based information to farmers at their doorstep, which is a positive step,\" he said.Farm scientist RK Choudary focussed on the need to develop quality seeds, which can produce better yield, and in turn, make agriculture viable for farmers.Presiding over the inaugural function, UAS vice-chancellor RR Hanchinaal sought co-operation from the farming community in developing new seeds and plant breeds. \"The UAS will procure quality seeds and distribute them to farmers at subsidized price,\" he added. Nearly, 500 farmers, including women , participated in this one-day training programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12422135", "title": "Jewellers to continue strike against tax hike on gold", "text": "PUNE: Over 2.5 lakh goldsmiths and one lakh jewellers from across Maharashtra have decided to continue indefinitely their strike to protest against the increase in taxes on gold and jewellery in the Union budget. The decision was taken on Monday at a meeting of the Maharashtra State Saraf Mahamandal in the city, which was attended by over 4,000 jewelers from the state.\"Jewellers from Maharashtra have been on a strike since March 17, except for a couple of days in between. The last meeting that the all-India Gems and Jewellery Trade Federation (GJF) had with political parties in Delhi yielded no results, hence the decision to continue the strike,\" said city jeweller Shailesh Ranka.He said that the GJF had earlier made a presentation to the Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee regarding the issue, but did not receive any positive response. \"We will continue the strike till the excise duty is rolled back,\" said Ranka.Around one lakh jewellers are expected to attend a protest rally organised in Aurangabad on March 30 to mount pressure on the government for a rollback of excise duty. The Union budget had announced a two per cent increase in import duty on gold, proposed a one per cent excise duty on unbranded precious jewellery and doubled the customs duty on standard gold from two to four per cent.Saurabh Gadgil, secretary of the Pune Saraf Association, said, \"Thousands participated in the meeting we had called on Monday. Many of them were angry at the imposition of excise duty on unbranded precious jewellery. Apart from the three per cent octroi that is already imposed on gold, they introduced other taxes that will make the metal costlier. If there is no rollback of excise, the customer will have to spend Rs 3,000 for every 10 g of gold,\" he said.Gadgil added that bringing unbranded jewellery under the ambit of excise duty will directly affect the unorganised sector of jewellers that deal in it. \"This strike is therefore being observed all over India. Each state has its own association to take this cause forward,\" said Gadgil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12422838", "title": "Small enterprises get big attention", "text": "CHENNAI: Following the lines of the state's 'Vision 2023' document released last week, the Tamil Nadu budget has emphasised that the state economy would improve with more Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises (MSME), higher skilled labour and a push for entrepreneurship.Tamil Nadu, which has the highest number of MSMEs in India, will equip all District Industries Centres in the 32 districts with better infrastructure at a cost of 50 crore. These centres can then serve as a hub to promote MSME units.\"We expected multi-storied complexes in Guindy, Ambattur for MSMEs in the budget and a policy allocating 30% space for small industries in SIPCOT. But we are disappointed that it was not done,\" said K Gopalakrishnan, past honorary general secretary, Tamil Nadu Small and Tiny Industries Association. \"However, infrastructure improvements will be a boost for us.\"The government has also decided to train nearly 1,000 entrepreneurs under a new scheme. The 'New Entrepreneur-cum-Enterprise Development Scheme' (NEEDS) will help educated youngsters draw up business plans and tie up with financial institutions for their ventures. At least half the beneficiaries of this scheme will be women.The beneficiaries will get term loans from banks or Tamil Nadu Industrial Investment Corp, a state sponsored financial institution. They will get a capital subsidy at 25% of the project cost not exceeding 25 lakh and soft loans with 3% interest subvention, or a subsidy on interest. The government has set aside 100 crore as capital subsidy and other assistance under the scheme.The government will set up business incubation centres and training academies exclusively for small and medium industries at Elcot-promoted special economic zones in Chennai, Trichy, Coimbatore, Madurai, Tirunelveli, Salem and Hosur.Though there is a demand for skilled labour, many educated youngsters remain unemployed due to a lack of vocational and soft skills.So the state has earmarked 75 crore in the budget to train them. The government will invite private sector participation in establishing training centres to improve the skills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12422960", "title": "Agriculture gets highest ever allocation", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil Nadu has set an ambitious foodgrains production target of 120 lakh tonnes for the coming financial year despite the damage to crops due to the Cyclone Thane and floods this year. The budget estimates that foodgrains production will be 105 lakh tonnes during 2011-12 as against a projected 115 lakh tonnes.However, former Union revenue secretary and finance secretary to the Madhya Pradesh government, M R Sivaraman told TOI that the projected 15% jump in foodgrains production would be a tall order.While the budget has provided 500 crore for the system of Serial Rice Intensification (SRI) to cover an extended area of 27.55 lakh acres, there is a problem as a large workforce would be required to work in the fields, he pointed out.This is because many of these farm hands may prefer to take up work under the more remunerative MNREGA scheme and marginal farmers would find it tough to get labour. Carrying this logic further, a similar problem could dog the measure to improve production of pulses under the system of Serial Pulses Intensification ( SPI) proposed to be implemented in 1.6 lakh acres based on the 'Whole Village Concept'.Armed with a vision of chief minister J Jayalalithaa to usher in a second green revolution, the budget has made highest ever allocation of 3,804.96 crore for agriculture. An Agri-Market Intelligence and Business Promotion Centre is to be established at Trichy during 2012-13 to disseminate information on prices and render crop and market advisory services to farmers. The budget has set a target of 10 lakh farmers to be covered under agricultural insurance and 200 crore is allocated to ensure that farmers get more remuneration over and above the minimum support price. The government is providing 100% subsidy for small and marginal farmers and 75% subsidy for others for installing micro-irrigation systems. The Sustainable Sugarcane Initiative Programme will be implemented in 15,000 acres.An enhanced area of 1,73,000 acres would be covered during 2012-13 under micro-irrigation for which 75 crore is granted as subsidy. A new system of disbursing subsidy directly to farmers will be introduced.Farmers would continue to be exempted from VAT on fertilizers and the present interest-free loan to Tamil Nadu Cooperative Marketing Federation Ltd (TANFED) to procure and distribute fertilizers would be enhanced to 150 crore.\"The budget is silent on establishing an organic mission for Tamil Nadu which will encourage best agricultural practices to safeguard the interests of small and marginal farmers,\" said V R Aananthoo of Safe Food Alliance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12422522", "title": "Three of a family among 4 killed in road accident", "text": "INDORE: Three members of a family along with the driver died in a road accident in Ujjain when their vehicle collided head-on with a tanker in the intervening night of Sunday and Monday.The deceased were identified as Sachin Shukla, 45, wife Sharmila Shukla, 40, their son Yash Shukla, 15, and driver Hemant, 23, son of Kishan lal. Eight-year-old son of Sachin, Mohak was battling for life in Gokuldas hospital. While the driver was the resident of Kumharkhedi, Shukla family members stayed at Avantika Nagar. Sachin's brother Ashwin Shukla is a BJP corporator from ward number 18.The accident took place in Chikali village of Ujjain district. Ingoria police inspector Dinesh Singh Rathore said the family was returning from Pawagarh in a four-wheeler (MP 09 CG 3350) when a tanker (GJ 06 VV 9790) coming from the opposite direction collided with its vehicle. Three of them including Shukla couple and the driver died on the spot, while Yash died in the hospital.Police said that the tanker which crushed the four-wheeler under its wheels was being driven at a reckless speed when the accident took place. The driver escaped from the spot. Police impounded the tanker and were trying to find out the details of the owner.Rathore said that villagers informed the police about the accident and it took almost half-an-hour to remove the bodies from the mangled vehicle. A JCB machine had to be pressed into service to remove the dead and the injured.Family members said Sachin was posted at the office of labour commissioner while his wife was running a private clinic. It is said that Sachin Shukla had a narrow escape about one and half year ago when he was fired at near Mahesh Guard line. The incident meanwhile sent shockwaves among the residents of Avantika Nagar and neighbours were seen consoling the family members of the deceased since morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12421467", "title": "Three zilla parishads lose fiscal power", "text": "KOLKATA: The Mamata Banerjee government on Monday stripped the sabhadipatis of North 24-Parganas, Murshidabad and Nadia of financial powers and handed it to the district magistrates. The move took opposition parties - and even the Congress - by surprise at a time when there is talk of early panchayat elections.The North 24-Parganas zilla parishad is controlled by CPM and the Congress heads the Murshidabad local body. CPM North 24-Parganas secretary Gautam Deb called it an \"autocratic and immoral move\".The panchayat and rural development department issued the order late in the evening. \"We have not dismantled the (North 24-Parganas) zilla parishad. We have only acted purely on technical grounds under the provisions of the panchayat act,\" minister Subrata Mukherjee said, adding that the zilla parishad committees had \"become a minority\" and therefore \"unable to function the way they should\".No senior Congress leaders were available for comments. A leader from Murshidabad said on conditions of anonymity, \"The CM had problems with Murshidabad right from the very beginning. She and the Congress MP Adhir Chaudhuri do not see eye to eye. Hence this step can't be all that technical. There is a political motivation behind it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12421779", "title": "Wakf land details to be posted on net soon", "text": "HYDERABAD: Having lost hundreds of acres of prime wakf land worth thousands of crores, the government is now in the process of collating data of wakf properties and putting it up on a website. With the click of a button, details of wakf properties across the state by means of geographic information systems (GIS) will be made available soon.Sources say that based on the geospatial mapping of schools implemented by the Rajiv Vidya Mission SSA, the office of the secretary of minorities welfare has entrusted the task of GPS mapping of wakf properties to the survey commissioner, wakf, for protecting properties from mismanagement and to bring about transparency by bringing the wakf properties database into public domain.After the completion of the first wakf survey which recorded 35,200 institutions and 1,33,207 acres of land, the second survey which was started in 2001 in accordance with the Wakf Act of 1995 shows 70,680 institutions - a near two-fold increase - and a rise in acreage to 1,67,452. Sources say that there were several glaring discrepancies between figures on land revenue records, wakf records and the actual extent of properties. They said that once details are made public, misuse and encroachment of properties could be stopped. Survey work is still in progress in 104 mandals in the state.Officials say that the government will decide the modalities of mapping of properties in the state by providing infrastructure according to technical requirements and feasibility.Survey commissioner, wakf, Mirza Hasan Ali Baig said, \"An initial investment between Rs 5 crore and Rs 10 crore is required. Equipment such as GPS devices, dig cams and computers are needed in addition to training of staff. We are waiting for the GO to be issued. The project will make functioning of wakf institutions more transparent and will reduce the threat of future encroachments. Details such as the income derived from the property apart from the extent of land will also be displayed.\"Times ViewFor decades, encroachments on wakf land have gone unchecked.The Wakf Board has made some attempts to reclaim its land, but the initiatives have been feeble and lack political will. The GPS idea is a step in the right direction and would give precise dimensions of these properties. The only challenge is the execution of this proposal in letter and spirit. If not executed properly, it would only be a sad indicator of how non-serious the government is about protecting wakf land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "12421465", "title": "Fresh snowfall in Kullu, Lahaul", "text": "MANALI: Fresh snowfall in Lahaul and the Rohtang Pass triggered a cold wave in Kullu and Lahaul-Spiti districts on Monday. One to five centimetres of snow was reported in Keylong, Darcha, Koksar and Sissu villages of Lahaul while the Rohtang Pass recorded 15cm snow. A fresh blanket of snow covered areas up to Gulaba near Manali.Hailstorms were reported from several places in Kullu. A local resident, Manish Walia, said, \"I had to bring back the room heater from my store as the temperature suddenly plunged. I was wearing only a shirt on Sunday but today I had to wear a warm coat. The winters are back.\" In hotels , tourists asked for room heaters and warm blankets.The fresh snowfall has come as a setback for hundreds of tribals of Lahaul Valley, who were planning to cross Rohtang Pass on foot, while plum growers are also upset with it. Rainfall and drop in temperature means less butterflies, bees and insects, which are necessary for pollination.For tourists, it was a wonderful experience. Thousands thronged the Solang Valley in the hope to see the white carpet but none of them were lucky as the fresh spell of snowfall was confined only up to Gulaba ranges, around 1,000 feet above Solang. As the temperature has plummeted close to subzero, there are strong possibilities of more snowfall.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12422029", "title": "Illegal poppy farm found in Daund", "text": "PUNE: The Pune rural police on Sunday morning raided a farm in Kangaon village in Daund taluka and seized 1,050 opium poppy plants. The police have also arrested farm owner Shivram Phadke under sections of the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances (NDPS) Act.Sub-divisional police officer (Daund division) Shankar Kengar said the police were informed about the plantation in Kangaon. \"On Sunday, we raided the farm and seized 1,050 poppy plants,\" Kengar said. \"The plants weigh around 20 kg.\"Kengar said Phadke was growing poppy as inter-cop in his onion farm, which is around 1.5 acre. This was the second raid on illegal plantation of poppy in the district this month. On March 7, the police had raided three farms in Shirur taluka and had seized around 90 kg of poppy. The police had arrested three farmers in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12422883", "title": "Cops on toes after HC warns of action against DGP", "text": "VARANASI: A contempt notice by the Allahabad High Court and order to the director general of police to personally appear before the court has brought the police officials on their toes as apart from range police, the special task force (STF) has also been engaged to arrest the absconding accused police personnel in the killing of two innocent persons in a fake encounter in 1996.According to reports, two persons were killed in a police encounter in Alinagar police station area in Chandauli district in September 1996. But during the CB-CID investigation, the encounter was found to be fake and a chargesheet was submitted before the chief judicial magistrate court of Chandauli district in December 2007 against eight accused police personnel.After this development, two accused constables - Sati Ram Chaurasia and Ram Sakal Yadav surrendered before the court while two others - Swami Nath and Shiv Mohan died in the course of time. Other accused cops - Ram Sakal Yadav, Harinath Pandey, Ram Pratap Singh, Virendra Nath Tiwari and Ravindra Nath Tiwari - neither surrendered nor were they arrested. Chandauli CJM not only issued warrants (bailable and non-bailable) for enforcing their appearance before him but also issued proceedings under sections 82 and 83 of CrPC.However, those orders of the magistrate directing arrest or attachment of the properties of the accused police personnel fell on deaf ears. For the release of his father Sati Ram Chaurasia on bail, his son Pradeep Chaurasia took the shelter of Allahabad High Court. His petitioner counsel Farida Jamal informed TOI over phone, \"After the initial bail plea was rejected and other applications for the bail of two constables, who are in jail since 2007, remained pending, I decided to file a writ petition to take advantage of the provisions prescribed in the constitution.\"The last hearing on this petition took place on March 14 this year in which the secretary (home) of state government, Leena Jauhari, appeared before the court while director general of police did not appear. Taking serious note of the non-compliance of orders of Chandauli CJM as well as high court, the HC served a notice to the DGP asking why a contempt action be not initiated against him and also against other police officials.The court also asked why the DGP, who was posted in May 2011, be not prosecuted by Chandauli CJM for disobeying the court orders which were conveyed to him and other police officials in the form of warrant of arrest and property attachments. The HC ordered the DGP to personally appear before the court and file all information and show reasons through an appropriate affidavit on April 12. Following this order, the cops swung into action and apart from range police, the STF has also been engaged to arrest all the accused police personnel in this case before the next date of hearing. IG (range) R P Singh held a meeting with a deputy SP STF in this connection at his office on Monday. He said that efforts have been intensified to ensure early arrest of all the accused persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12425827", "title": "30 caught cheating during CSMU exam", "text": "KANPUR: Thirty students were caught using unfair means during the university examinations from various examination centres on Monday.The examinations are being held at several centres in 16 districts of the state.Meanwhile, the examinees of MA Hindi witnessed mistakes in the question paper. The question papers fell short at VSSD College. This caused panic amongst the students. They had to wait for the photocopied papers.The students also complaint that the paper had to be of 100 marks but its total came out to be 110. This also led to confusion.The invigilator asked them to attempt questions of 100 marks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12421363", "title": "Congress set for stormy review of UP debacle", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress is set for a stormy review of its decimation in UP, with party leaders preparing to blame \"minority quota\", premature statements about the Centre's plans for the President's rule and raking up of the Batla House encounter for the party's poor show.MPs from UP feel the high-stake election was mishandled, starting with ticket distribution to controversial statements that showed Congress as a desperate bidder for power. The MPs feel giving an exalted status to Beni Prasad Verma proved damaging and split local party units.The review to be called by AICC general secretary in-charge of UP Digvijay Singh would appear important because of 2014 polls. However, MPs said the review may not be meaningful if held by those involved in managing the assembly contest. Some are asking for party chief Sonia Gandhi for the review.That the review can lead to blood-letting was evident in Rae Bareli, the Gandhi family borough, where workers have questioned whether those responsible for the mess should conduct the post-mortem. The two-day exercise was held on the weekend by a close family aide.Since the review was sounded, MPs are learnt to have held discussions among themselves and decided to be blunt in offering their assessment. It has been felt that the attempt of leaders like Singh and law minister Salman Khurshid to focus on the Batla House encounter and promises of minority quotas boomeranged with the intended beneficiaries remaining cold to the overtures while other sections got alienated from the Congress.Sources said mishandling of minority quota hit Congress hard since pushing it at the last moment stripped it of seriousness to appear a poll-time sop. A leader said if it were implemented six months ahead, its message would have reached the community.Instead, a senior member said, rival SP convinced OBCs that Muslim quota would eat into their share. \"Just see, there was no division in Yadav or Kurmi votes despite our stress on them in central UP. Our entire strategy was misplaced,\" he said.Batla House proved a \"self-goal\" which pushed both Muslims and Hindus away from the Congress fold. \"We invited it upon ourselves. Nobody in opposition raised it. And it hurt us both ways. Why did we rake up the issue when we have stood by the encounter all along?\" a eastern UP MP said. The party faced accusations of \"hypocrisy\" during Rahul Gandhi's visit to Azamgarh had been telling.There is unanimity that the pan-UP status to Beni Verma led to his meddling in many seats, turning the contest into Congress in-fighting. The SP renegade, who became a Cabinet minister and secured a berth in apex Congress Working Committee because he was seen as a Kurmi vote-catcher, came a cropper.The ticket distribution is said to have been divorced from reality where assessment of candidates on the ground were set aside for those picked by poll managers. Several MPs are sore with this deviation from established procedures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12425755", "title": "Shatabdi passengers create ruckus", "text": "KANPUR: The passengers of Lucknow-Delhi Shatabdi Express created ruckus at Kanpur Central railway station after the AC of a coach developed snag.As a result, the train remained stationed for nearly half-an-hour. The passengers said that the journey became uncomfortable.Several passengers claimed that the AC of coach number C-9 was not working properly from Lucknow railway station.The railway officials reached platform number one where train was stationed. Efforts were made to repair the snag in the AC but it could not be repaired.The passengers created ruckus and did not allow the train to proceed ahead.They said that the train would proceed only when the AC is repaired.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12422364", "title": "SP Alirajpur injured in mishap", "text": "INDORE: Superintendent of Police (Alirajpur) N Chitra suffered serious injuries when the jeep in which she was patrolling fell into a gorge after steering of her vehicle failed near Kuluwat village under Sondwa police jurisdiction about 200km from here on Monday evening.Inpector General of Police (Indore) Anuradha Shankar said that the SP Alirajpur was injured in the mishap with fractures in hand and leg. She is being brought to Indore and will be admitted in the CHL Apollo here. Chitra was on an official tour when the mishap took place evening and she was returning from Kakrauna village under Sondwa police station.ASP Vijay Khatri said that three persons were traveling in the vehicle including the SP. \"When the vehicle lost its balance, a civil surgeon and a policeman jumped off the vehicle, while the SP could not escape on time and her leg got entangled in the vehicle,\" said Khatri. He said that the SP has suffered fractures in left hand and also in the leg. However, he said that no more details were available due to lack of communication.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12422052", "title": "Challenges of Ganga basin mgmt discussed", "text": "VARANASI: The three-day national seminar on 'Issues and Challenges of River Ganga Basin Management', organised by the Centre for Environmental Science and Technology (CEST), BHU began on Monday.According to Prof BD Tripathi, coordinator, CEST and director, organising committee, various experts of environmental sciences along with research scholars, industry managers, policy makers, technocrats and socio-economic experts are participating in the programme. They tried to come up with recommendations for proper planning for ensuring sustainable development of the Ganga Basin. He also said the National River nurtured the lives of more than 450 million people across the country. Earlier, speaking as chief guest, Prof BM Shukla, former vice chancellor, Gorakhpur University stressed the need for extending technological and environment friendly support to maintain the uninterrupted and clean flow of the Ganga in the country. Prof AK Rai, head, botany department presided over the inaugural session. Prof Vinod Tare, IIT Kanpur was the guest of honour on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12421659", "title": "Moscow dubs UNHRC vote on Lanka 'politically motivated'", "text": "NEW DELHI: Without criticizing India directly for backing the US-initiated resolution against Sri Lanka at the UN Human Rights Council , Russia has described the resolution as \"politically motivated\" and one that has ended up discrediting the Council itself.The remark by Russian ambassador Alexander M Kadakin, ahead of the BRICS summit here, has brought to the fore differences among the grouping which is seeking better coordination on major international issues.\"Sri Lanka was India's sovereign decision. The resolution was politically motivated and has discredited the UNHRC,\" said Kadakin.\"Why did it all of a sudden decide to take up a country-specific resolution? That is not how the UNHRC works,\" he added. Both Russia and China had voted against the resolution censuring Lanka for human rights violations.Prime Minister Manmohan Singh last week wrote to Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa , saying that he himself had ensured that India dilute the wording of the draft to safeguard against any inclusion of monitoring mechanism.India has also not been on the same page with Russia and China on Syria. Both Russia and China vetoed a UNSC resolution against Syria. Kadakin said that Syria would be at the forefront of all major international issues that are discussed here this week.\"We are against any country imposing its will on other countries. Nobody can say that he (Syrian President Bashar al-Assad ) must go and that unilateral advantage be given to the rebels,\" Kadakin said.\"But we need to understand the position of our partners...at the summit the leaders will try to coordinate their positions,\" he said.Iran too is likely to be discussed at length at the BRICS summit with Russia ready to express concern over threat from Israel and the US which, the ambassador said, could jeopardize peace in Asia and also destabilize global economy. \"Hopefully, the new summit will give a clear warning signal against military adventurous plans in the Gulf and will speak with authority in favour of renewed constructive dialogue of the international community with Iran over its nuclear programme,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12420694", "title": "2nd phase of Team Anna\u2019s stir in state", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Team Anna launched its second phase in Gujarat. Its core committee members Dinesh Waghela, Gopal Rai and Mayank Gandhi visited Rajkot, Vadodara and Ahmedabad between Saturday and Monday to talk about the next step that India Against Corruption (IAC) plans to take towards curbing corruption.The main thrust for step two is to form representative teams at the state, district and taluka levels, eventually reaching the block and village levels. They also plan to set up a search committee at district and state level to identify people to constitute these teams.Another new introduction by the IAC is the idea of starting up 'Anna Charcha Samuh,' an interactive phone number 09212123212, to create consciousness against the wrong happenings in the country. Every week, a particular aspect of democracy will be explained in a pre-recorded voice en. The callers can also ask questions and they will be answered when the topic comes up. Also, a Rs 25 Anna card is going to be launched nation wide soon where in the person who activates it will receive messages from Anna Hazare for a year", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "12423209", "title": "20 beds added to pediatric ward in SCB Medical College and Hospital", "text": "CUTTACK: Authorities added 20 beds in the pediatric ward of SCB Medical College and Hospital on Monday. \"Undoubtedly, the pediatric ward was reeling under a shortage of beds. The 20 new beds will help us to provide better facility to patients,\" said Niranjan Mohanty, head of pediatric department.The newly-extended ward was inaugurated by Cuttack collector Girish S N. A casualty wing was also opened in the pediatric ward.Earlier, the pediatric ward functioned with 80 beds but the number of beds was very less in comparison to the flow of patients. An average of over 150 patients visit the pediatric ward daily, hospital sources said. The situation was so bad that many children were treated on the floor.The extension of the ward followed a recommendation by a committee of advocates formed by the high court to monitor healthcare facilities in the state. \"We are happy that 20 beds were added in the pediatric ward but the need is for much more,\" said P R Das, a member of the advocates' committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12420792", "title": "Defence PSU in bind over Army chief's bribe offer claims", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Defence public sector unit (PSU) supplying Tatra trucks to the Army says it doesn't have any middlemen even as a senior government official said there has not been any complaint from the force about the vehicles' quality.Caught in the thick of Army chief's allegations about the Rs 14 crore bribe offer is Bharat Earth Movers Limited (BEML), the Bangalore-based PSU that has an exclusive tie-up with the manufacturers of Tatra vehicle since 1986.Army chief Gen VK Singh did not say in his latest interviews, who had offered him Rs 14 crore for supply of vehicles. However, on March 5, the Army headquarters had issued a statement saying Lt Gen Tejinder Singh, a former chief of Defence Intelligence Agency, had \"offered bribe on behalf of Tatra and Vectra Limited, which supplies vehicles to BEML\".Gen Singh had reported to defence minister A K Antony about Lt Gen Tejinder Singh's 'offer' when the incident happened in 2010, according to sources. The allegations bring spotlight on Tatra vehicles, a crucial part of Army logistics which are used for transporting both arms and ammunition and personnel.\"We do not have any marketing agents. Being a defence PSU, we don't pay any commission to anybody,\" a senior BEML official told TOI.Chairman and Managing Director of BEML, VRS Natarajan told TOI, \"We have also seen the media reports. We are not aware as to which vehicle the Army chief is talking about. BEML management cannot comment unless it is clear which vehicle he is referring to.\"Tatra vehicles are manufactured in Czech and Slovakia Republics and imported to India through BEML. After further value addition, these vehicles are supplied by BEML to the Army. Over 7,000 Tatra vehicles are in service with the Army.Reacting to questions if the Army had complaints about the quality of Tatra vehicles, joint secretary (land systems) in the MoD Rashmi Verma said, \"As far as the quality of Tatra trucks is concerned, we have received no complaint from the armed forces. We did get some complaints about after sales service and maintenance, which were resolved.\"Officials in defence PSUs said they were puzzled by the Army chief's claims. \"At the instance of the Army we have been importing fully formed vehicles. India has not bought the technology from Tatra. From two factories in former Czechoslovakia we get vehicles, and 60% comes as formed vehicles,\" one official said. Another official said that BEML was the \"only marketing arm for the vehicle in India\" so he was \"puzzled to hear that somebody is marketing it for BEML\".In recent times, a joint venture was formed in India called Tatra Vectra Motors Ltd, a joint venture between Tatra of Czech Republic and UK-based Vectra group. The group has a manufacturing base in Hosur, Tamil Nadu , but it is not clear if the trucks supplied to the Army are manufactured in this plant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12421428", "title": "E-way finger at bank, developer", "text": "NEW DELHI: The National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) has accused the private developer that built the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway and the bank that funded it of collusion.In a bulky reply filed in the Delhi high court on Monday, the authority has alleged that the Infrastructure Development Finance Company (IDFC) loaned public funds for private purpose \"in the garb of refinancing\" and argued that the bank has no locus in opposing NHAI's decision to scrap the expressway deal with the private concessionaire Delhi-Gurgaon Super Connectivity Ltd (DGSCL).NHAI has told HC that both the bank and DGSCL \"indulged in fraud of the concession agreement\". It further claims that the suit filed by IDFC seeking to be heard as a party in the dispute between NHAI and the developer is a \"collusive suit\" as the \"loan was approved behind the back of NHAI\".Accusing the bank of failing to do \"due diligence\" before extending loan to the developer, NHAI says IDFC has been \"negligent in its dealings\" and is now coming to court to save DGSCL.Justice S Muralidhar is likely to take up NHAI's reply on Tuesday when the suit filed by DGSCL challenging NHAI's termination notice is also to come up for hearing.HC had earlier extended the stay on NHAI's decision to terminate the contract to operate the expressway between the capital and Gurgaon. In its plea, DGSCL has urged HC to restrain the highways authority from taking any coercive action against it. The relation between the two parties turned sour after NHAI accused DGSCL of fraud in the form of refinancing the project without getting its prior approval.NHAI, while ordering termination of its deal with the private firm, had also accused it of failure to improve services at the 32-lane toll plaza. DGSCL had approached HC after NHAI issued a preliminary termination notice to it on December 7 last year.On its part, the bank has also sought a stay on the termination notice, stating that the termination of the contract to operate the toll plaza with DGSCL would cause a huge financial loss to it. The bank had provided credit facility to the tune of Rs1,597 crore to DGSCL for its 28km road project. IDFC has contended that NHAI violated the tripartite agreement it had signed with DGSCL and the government.On Saturday, DGSCL filed a contempt petition against NHAI, arguing that the authority has not yet decided to hike the toll charges on the expressway. The charges are revised every year annually and comes to effect from April 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12422103", "title": "Missing woman from city found in Kerala", "text": "PUNE: Santhwanam, a Kerala-based home for distressed women and orphaned children, has informed TOI that an old woman from Pune is currently staying at the facility.The 70-year-old woman was brought to Santhwanam by the Kottayam railway police on January 1, 2012. She claims that her name is Sashikala and her husband's name is Deva Prasad. She says she has two children Lakshmi and Hanuman, both married, and a brother named Jagat Prasad Sharma.The woman says she retired from SOS Balagram, Yerawada, in 1992 and she has her pension book. Annie Babu, director, Santhwanam, has said that the woman seems mentally disturbed but her behaviour is stable.He has appealed to the woman's relatives to contact the facility at the address Santhwanam, Gandhinagar p.o, Kottayam, Kerala or to call on phone number 09447568244. The home's website is: www.santhwanamkottayam.org.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "karwar", "code": "12422979", "title": "In a first, a grey-headed lapwing found near Karwar", "text": "KARWAR: A grey-headed lapwing was sighted for the first time in Kerwadi Lake, which is a part of the Western Ghat and near Kaiga Township. This has left the scientific community excited as such species were believed to be found only in the North East Asia. A wildlife photographer, Ashok Mansur, and wildlife enthusiast, Puttaraju, spotted this bird on March 18.RFO Jagannath confirmed the sighting. \"We are taking measures to provide artificial mounds and attract the winged visitors to the lake,\" he said.\"This is the first sighting of the grey-headed lapwing in East Asia. It migrates to the northern part of South East Asia in the non-breeding season,\" said Puttaraju.The bird was spotted in the rice fields that has already been harvested. The bird was first sighted by Pampaiah Malimath during the Kaiga Bird Marathon in the first week of March. Since then, it was being regularly monitored and tracked by Ashok Mansur and Puttaraju.The bird's head, neck and upper breast is mostly plain brownish-grey and it has a bright yellow bill which is black at the tip. In flight, the outer wings are black and the under wings are white, except for the black primaries.According to Puttaraju, \"For the first time, a grey-headed lapwing, which breeds in Northeast China and Japan, was cited at Kerwadi brackish water lagoons, in Uttar Kannada in March this year.At least 40 varieties of birds, including breeding migrants, roosting migrants, resident birds and other birds of prey were always seen during winter. But, the grey-headed lapwing was not in the list of birds visiting this lake until now.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "12425601", "title": "Gilani contempt case: Pak SC defers Gilani hearing as lawyer calls in sick", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan's Supreme Court on Tuesday adjourned a contempt case against Yousuf Raza Gilani till April 12 after the prime minister's lawyer said that he would be unable to continue his arguments as he was unwell. Gilani's lawyer Aitzaz Ahsan was yesterday unable to appear before a seven-judge bench led by Justice Nasir-ul-Mulk as he had food poisoning. When proceedings resumed today, the bench asked the lawyer if he was fit to continue his arguments.Ahsan replied that he would be unable to do so.Ahsan complained about remarks made by the bench yesterday that seemed to imply he was avoiding the proceedings.The bench said those remarks were made in a lighter vein. During yesterday's hearing, Justice Nasir-ul-Mulk had remarked: \"Had he (Ahsan) listened to us, he would not have been struck with food poisoning.\"Ahsan's assistant had then replied that it was sheer coincidence that he was unwell and that he had never missed any hearing in his 40-year career. He had asked the bench to adjourn the hearing for a week, but it had disregarded the plea and adjourned the case till today.After the hearing resumed today, the bench adjourned the case till April 12 following consultations.The bench asked Ahsan if he would complete his arguments in five days when the hearing resumed but the lawyer said he could not give any commitment in this regard.The apex court recently indicted Gilani for contempt after he refused to act on its orders to revive cases of alleged money laundering against President Asif Ali Zardari in Switzerland.It has been pushing the government to reopen the cases against Zardari since December 2009, when it annulled the National Reconciliation Ordinance, a graft amnesty issued by former military ruler Pervez Musharraf.The government has refused to act, saying the Constitution gives the president immunity in Pakistan and abroad.Gilani has said he would prefer to be jailed in the contempt case than violate the Constitution by approaching Swiss authorities to revive the graft cases.The prime minister could be jailed for six months and disqualified if he is convicted for contempt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12422591", "title": "Cop\u2019s son held for \u2018kidnap\u2019 of minor girls", "text": "MUMBAI: A police constable's teenage son, along with a friend, was arrested on Sunday for 'kidnapping' six minor girls from Vakola. The girls had left their residences as they were upset with their parents and the boys had arranged accommodation for them.As the police began investigations about the missing girls, the constable's son, a close friend of one of the missing girls, said he has not seen them for months. However, his mobile call records exposed him.All the girls, aged between 12 to 17 years, had run away together on Thursday. Their parents had reported the incident at Vakola police station. The police said that the eldest among them was a friend of the constable's son.The constable's son was prime suspect in the case after a local resident told the police about his friendship with the eldest missing girl.The police had questioned the constable's son over the phone on Thursday night. His phone records showed that the girl had called him 90 times and he had called her 54 times ever since she went missing . He was called for further interrogation and revealed the whereabouts of the missing girls. The police succeeded to trace the girls safely and reunited them with their family members on Monday.The police booked the boy under kidnapping charges, as he had provided them accommodation . The police also arrested his friend.The boy told the police that his girlfriend had requested him for an accommodation. Recently, one of his friends had left for his native place after the exam and his room at Karjat was vacant. The boy gave the room's key to the girls and asked them to stay there.The police said all the girls were close friends. They were upset with their parents' nagging and had decided to leave their homes together.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12425220", "title": "Mithun, Payel, Laboni and Soham to shake a leg", "text": "Both Payel and Soham had a blast while shooting for the title track of Raja Chanda's \"Le Halua Le\", sung by Bappi Lahiri and Priyanka Vaidya, set to music by Jeet Gannguli. The song will feature Mithun Chakraborty and Payel as a pair with Laboni Sarkar and Soham playing the other couple.\"Payel and Mithun uncle's portion of the song was shot in Mumbai while I got to romance Labu aunty (Laboni) here in Kolkata. It was unbelievable as Labu aunty had mostly played my mother on screen. There were shots where Labu aunty is running around like a heroine and I'm chasing,\" says Soham.The actor is sure that the title track will be loved by the audience. \"It's a foot-tapping number. I can see this track being remixed and being played at parties. Baba Yadav has done a brilliant job of the choreography,\" he added.Meanwhile, Payel admitted that she can't get over Mithun Chakraborty. \"We shot the title track in Mumbai in just a day's time. The song fits into the scheme of the movie since it's a rom-com,\" smiled Payel.She added, \"I have grown up watching Mithunda's \"Disco Dancer\" and I was all nerves to dance with him for this song. He made the steps look so natural that I realized that he is aptly referred to as the 'Disco Dancer'.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12422075", "title": "Students from Abu Dhabi on educational tour to holy city", "text": "VARANASI: To know the pulse of this millennia old city and learn the community based activities, the students from Masdar Institute of Science and Technology, Abu Dhabi (United Arab Emirates) are here on a week-long academic visit. The institute is situated in Masdar city that aims to be one of the world's most sustainable urban developments.\"We were looking for community linked development programmes like energy, water, women empowerment, education and sustainable development,\" said Dr Scott Kennedy, associated dean for research of Masdar Institute while talking to media persons in the city on Monday.A group of 12 students of energy and poverty solutions course of the institute would make field visits and study the development programmes supported by the Human Welfare Association (HWA), he said adding the students divided in three groups would study the activities in the fields of energy saving, women empowerment and child labour and education.\"We came into contact with Dr Rajni Kant, director of HWA, during the World Future Energy Summit 2012 held in Abu Dhabi from January 16 to 19,\" he said adding he came to know that the HWA was running various development programmes directly linked to community. \"These community based sustainable programmes can be replicated in other parts of the world too. For this purpose there is a need of proper documentation of the model,\" he said and added he was looking forward to a long-term association with such activities in future.According to him, the Masdar Institute is dedicated to providing real-world solutions to issues of sustainability. The institute, which was created in collaboration with the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), integrates theory and practice to incubate a culture of innovation and entrepreneurship, working to develop the critical thinkers and leaders of tomorrow.Rajni Kant of HWA said during the interaction at the World Future Energy Summit where he was also invited as a speaker the Masdar Institute showed their interest in the works run by the organisation. According to him, the group will stay in Varanasi till March 30, and during this period they will take stock of various activities including Banarasi sari weaving, women empowerment through income generating activities, organic farming, child labour and education. After the study, the visiting team would go for documentation, he said adding it would be helpful in showcasing the activities and ultimately facilitating those who were engaged in sustainable development works.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12423041", "title": "Power cut duration may be doubled", "text": "CHENNAI: Keep your fingers crossed, for power managers are debating whether to increase the duration of power cut in the city from two hours to four hours from early April.Sources told TOI that several senior bureucrats had argued for extending the outage, but the government was yet to give its nod.The state is facing a power deficit of more than 4,000MW, with generation stuck at 7,500MW and demand soaring to 12,000MW. As power consumption is expected to increase by at least 500MW once the dog days begin next week, power managers are left with not many options other than the unreliable wind energy.\"If generation from wind energy goes up, we are spared,\" said an official. \"Or else we may have to go in for more cuts.\" Power purchase from other states looks difficult because of congestion on transmission lines. \"Power problems persist across the country. So the lines are clogged and we will not be able to wheel in power from outside,\" said a source.The period of peak demand in the coming months is going to be difficult to manage, the official admitted.The TNEB has been pushed into this situation as there has not been capacity addition in the state for more than 10 years. According to the CAG report 2009-10, as against a required capacity addition of 3,977MW between 2005 and 2010, the state added only 290MW. Power managers are now pinning their hopes on power plants at Vallur, Mettur and north Chennai, which can collectively supply 1,700MW by June. TNEB has to file a petition with the Tamil Nadu Electricity Regulatory Commission to extend power cuts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12421851", "title": "2 held for stealing rear-view mirrors", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two persons were arrested in south Delhi for stealing rear-view mirrors of luxury cars in the capital.The south district police seized 31 rear-view mirrors costing around Rs 15000-40,000 from accused Irshad, 22, and Faiyaz, 32. They were arrested after cops analyzed CCTV footage.\"Many cases of theft of costly rear-view mirrors from expensive cars like Mercedes Benz , BMW , Skoda , Toyota , Honda City , were reported in different areas of south Delhi. We analyzed footage of a CCTV camera installed at a house, close to where one such incident had taken place. The footage showed an Alto car moving suspiciously in the morning,\" said Chhaya Sharma, DCP (south).The arrested confessed to their crime. The mirrors ultimately reached people in Jama masjid area and Meerut, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12425769", "title": "Evaluation of CSMU exam copies to begin soon", "text": "KANPUR: The authorities of Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University have started making preparations for the evaluation of copies of the ongoing examinations.The answersheets of BA, BCom and BSc final year would be evaluated first so that the results of the graduation courses could be declared timely.It would give the students an opportunity to apply for post-graduation courses or competitive examinations.Assistant registrar Rakesh Kumar had asked the university staff to make available the records of the answer sheets that have been kept in the evaluation hall.The data would be fed in the computers. The university wants to commence the task of evaluation from March 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12426261", "title": "Don't underestimate Balakrishna!", "text": "Okay, the suffering is over and everything is clear for the release of Adhinayakudu. Balakrishna's triple role bonanza, Adhinayakudu has been delayed due to financial troubles and it is finally making it to screens on 12th of April.RR Movie Distributors is releasing the movie in a big way. Balakrishna's dues were settled and the actor is completing the balance dubbing part.No one is giving a chance for Adhinayakudu to match up with other summer biggies, but it would be foolish to write off Balakrishna this early. He is one of the biggest mass stars Telugu cinema has ever seen and he can rule the box office if he is supported by a good mass subject. Couple of years ago, Balakrishna had stormed the box office with Simha, which went on to become the biggest grosser of that year.Simha too was released in summer and has turned out to be the surprise hit. Simha too was taken light prior to release and after the release all its detractors had to eat their own words. Even now Balakrishna is capable of repeating the feat and everyone who is in summer race should beware of him.Source: Gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12425653", "title": "Philately exhibition evokes interest in enthusiasts in city", "text": "KANPUR: Two-day philately exhibition 'Conpex-2012' concluded here on Sunday with the release of a first day cover on 'Amogh carbine' at general post office.Small Arms Factory general manager Priya Ranjan released the cover and stamp and apprised the audience about the qualities of weapon. The gun is very light and could fire 700 rounds per minute. Its range is 200 metres.Commissioner, Central excise, Praveen Jain inaugurated the day-two programme. Post master general Ram Bharose said that the aim of the exhibition was to make aware the masses about the 150 years old traditions of the postal department. Winners of on-the-spot painting and philately quiz were felicitated.A special cover on Satti Chaura Chouk was also released. Rajpreet Saluja exhibited stamps issued on Sikh religion. Besides India, as many as 32 other countries had released stamps on Sikhism. As many as 15 stamp collectors had also displayed their collections in the stalls.Special stamps on first and second World Wars were also displayed.Dinesh Shukla, a stamp collector from Lucknow also participated in 'Conpex-12'. He displayed his collection on Olympics and sports.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "12422474", "title": "Australian drug lord has set up super lab in India?", "text": "MELBOURNE: One of the most wanted drug lords of Australia, Hakan Ayik, is being suspected of setting up a \"super\" drug laboratory in India, media report said.It is the second example of Australian bikie groups setting up operations in South Asia, where the precursor chemicals needed to make amphetamines can be legally sourced in large quantities in a bid to facilitate crime, according to a report in The Age.The laboratory, capable of exporting tonnes of methamphetamine globally, was probed by the US drug enforcement administration, Australian and Indian authorities in 2010. The agencies suspect it was designed to facilitate industrial-scale illicit drug production.Law enforcement officials believe one of Melbourne's most notorious organized crime bosses, who is associated with Black Uhlans outlaw motorcycle gang, has established links in Pakistan as part of plans to import drug or engage in money laundering.Victoria police acting assistant commissioner Doug Fryer had warned that Australian bikie clubs were expanding aggressively overseas, including in Spain, Thailand and Indonesia. The US drug enforcement agency and Indian authorities gathered intelligence that Ayik had travelled in 2010 to India, where he sought to buy an industrial pharmaceutical factory able to produce half a tonne of methamphetamine per week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12421878", "title": "Bandh may hit businesses in city", "text": "HYDERABAD: Schools and APSRTC buses are likely to function normally on Tuesday, but shopping malls, shops, fuel outlets, banks and cinema halls are likely to remain closed, at least till afternoon, in view of the Telangana bandh. Autos are likely to be off the roads as Monday's suicide victim was an auto driver.With two suicides for a separate state occurring on consecutive days, pro-statehood outfits and political parties have called for the Telangana bandh on Tuesday.Schools are likely to function normally as the Recognised Schools Managements' Association has not declared a holiday. \"We have left it to the discretion of individual schools to take a call depending on the situation locally,\" a spokesperson for the Association said.\"Based on the situation and police feedback , we will decide whether to keep the 350 fuel outlets in the city open or not,\" AP Petroleum Dealers' Federation president M Prabhakar Reddy told TOI.The bandh call coupled with 'Chalo Assembly' rallies of various groups is likely to pose another bandobust challenge for police on Tuesday.In addition to the 10,000-strong city police force, eight companies of paramilitary police and 40 platoons of APSP and CAR personnel would be deployed across the capital to prevent any untoward incidents. In view of possible flash protests, the Assembly and the Secretariat have been covered with multi-layer police bandobust.On Tuesday, women activists belonging to Indira Kranthi Pathakam (IKP) have decided to stage a 'Chalo Assembly' rally from Indira Park. Already SC/ST Upa Pranalika Nidhula Sadhana JAC and Vikalangula Hakkula Porata Samithi are staging a protest at Dharna Chowk near Indira Park.On Monday, 70 activists belonging to TDP, BJP, including MLA Kishan Reddy and former MP Bandaru Dattatreya who went to express solidarity with ther protesters, were taken into preventive custody and released later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12422597", "title": "Aurangabad cops nab 2 Maoists, seize arms", "text": "PATNA: Police swooped on a building near Town School in Gandhi Nagar area under Town police station in Aurangabad and arrested two Maoists, Rakesh alias Manoj alias Akhilesh Singh and Udit Kumar Singh alias Tulsi alias Toofan, with a huge cache of arms and ammunition on Sunday night.Acting on a tip-off, a district police team led by Aurangabad SP S M Jain raided the hideout of the two Maoists and seized 3600 cartridges, 1,000 ml of trinitrate methane explosive, one packet of sodium bicarbonate, five packets of naphthalene, two rocket-propelled grenades (RPG), one rocket launcher, three magazines and 20 litres of other chemicals.The police also seized Rs 3.34 lakh cash, 17 cellphones, a Bolero jeep and 100 gloves, besides Maoist literature from the spot.The two Maoists had come to the house on Sunday itself, sources said. Rakesh belongs to Jehanabad district while Toofan hails from Palamu in Jharkhand.DGP Abhayanand said the two Maoists revealed during interrogation that one of their colleagues, Arjun alias Munna alias Manni, had gone to Latehar in Jharkhand with a huge cache of arms. All of them are said to be working for CPI (Maoists) central committee member Arvind Ji alias Nitant Ji alias Baba alias Dada. The seized arms and ammunition are believed to be of Dada, Abhayanand said, adding that raids were also conducted in Jharkhand.The DGP said some arms and ammunition were seized on Monday evening. SP Aurangabad informed the police headquarters that they had seized five cartons on Monday. A forensic team from the state capital rushed to Aurangabad for testing the chemicals seized during the operation, the DGP said, adding that police were conducting raids in the district.Sources said the police had also recovered from the possession of the two arrested Maoists a diary carrying details about supply of arms and ammunition at three different places. The police also seized a memory chip with video clips and still pictures of Maoist attacks at different places in Jharkhand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12422257", "title": "Exam centre in-charge suspended", "text": "BHOPAL: The exam centre in-charge at Government Barhabada Higher Secondary School in Chichli of Narsinghpur district has been suspended and notices have been issued to terminate services of two teachers in connection with the alleged striping of girl students on suspicion of copying a few days back.An official release issued on Monday stated that commissioner of Jabalpur division suspended JK Mehar, principal of the school at Salechauka and notices issued to terminate service of two contractual identified as Reshma Samaiya and Preeti Sharma.The two teachers had allegedly striped the girl students before other students during the exam at the school suspecting that they had hidden copying material under their dress. No copying material was recovered during the frisking. The Narsinghpur collector has also issued notices for terminating the services of the two contractual teachers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12421006", "title": "Bribery claim: Jaswant Singh demands clarification from Antony", "text": "NEW DELHI: Opposition BJP on Monday blamed defence minister A K Anthony's \"indecision\" for no action having been taken so far on the person who offered a bribe to Army chief V K Singh, and also question Singh on why he did not get the person arrested when the bribe was offered to him.Former defence minister Jaswant Singh told reporters here that he was \"aware\" of the defence minister's nature and that \"taking a decision is the toughest thing for him to do\". He said, \"I have known the defence minister and he specialises in inaction,\" the BJP leader said about Anthony and demanded that he clarify on the situation.Jaswant Singh said that the situation raises serious concerns about the \"national security and state of the defence ministry, corruption in the administration of the ministry, rising number of court martials and about the combat effectiveness of the equipment of the services.\"\"I am disappointed that he (V K Singh) came directly to the press, but did he do this after disappointment,\" Singh said, while commenting on the V K Singh's interview in the media on Monday, where the Army chief claims that he was offered a bribe.\"I have known the defence minister for long, he specialises in indecision... Is it because of his (defence minister's) indecision that the Army chief had to go to media,\" Singh questioned, demanding that the minister come out with a clarification.He, however, added that the Army chief should not have come out in the open with his allegation. According to the interview, Singh said a lobbyist offered him a bribe of Rs 14 crore to have a tranche of 600 sub-standard vehicles of a particular make cleared for purchase.The defence minister has also ordered a CBI inquiry into the matter.Replying to a question on how to deal with corruption in the defence purchase sector, Jaswant Singh said, \"there should be licenses for middlemen or agents who operate in the defence sector and that could put a check on corruption.\"BJP is not going to accept anything short of a clarification from the defence minister in Parliament about what he has done about the complaint made by General V K Singh. Even the Prime Minister should corroborate the defence minister's clarification, Jaswant Singh demanded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12421044", "title": "High court upholds acquittal of duo in Tanuja murder case", "text": "PANAJI: The high court of Bombay at Goa on Monday dismissed the appeal filed by the state government against the acquittal of two accused by the trial court in the sensational Tanuja Naik murder case.A division bench comprising Justice S C Dharmadhikari and Justice U V Bakre pronounced the judgement in the criminal appeal challenging the acquittal of Rajnish Singh and Ram Singh.On July 15, 2002, 22-year-old Tanuja was shot dead by unknown persons at Caranzal-Marcaim when she was returning home. On August 7, 2006, the crime branch arrested Raju alias Rajinish Singh, 24, in connection with the case at Marcaim. The police claimed that the motive behind the crime was robbery of a gold chain that Tanuja was wearing.On May 22, 2009, additional sessions Judge P V Kamat had acquitted the duo by holding that there were 'inconsistencies and improbabilities' in the prosecution case against Rajinish and Ram. Kamat had observed that there was reason to believe that they were falsely implicated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12422618", "title": "Illegal mining: Now, 1000-strong protection force to curb menace", "text": "Wilting under pressure from the Centre and after constant raps by the Supreme Court, the state government has now put a step forward in stopping illegal mining. A special 1000-member team, to be christened Mining Protection Force, will be set up to curb illegal mining in the state.The state has long been battling illegal mining right from Alwar to Jaisalmer but in vain. While the police had recently detained over 100 people in Bharatpur engaged in illegal extraction of stones, in Jaisalmer mining near the airport has become a threat to its existence.In Makrana region, illegal mining for marble has posed a threat to the railway line that caved in after its underneath was dug out. In fact, illegal mining is rampant in Jodhpur and Udaipur.The Rajasthan High Court had also taken a serious note of illegal mining taking place on a largescale especially in the green belts and has constituted a special investigation team. The team has been asked to file a detailed report and visit sites of mining.Even the Central Empowered Committee constituted by the Supreme Court had recently observed: \"We find that there is total inaction on the part of the officials in permitting certain mining leases to operate and the officials have completely failed to control the illegal mining.\"In the last two years, the state has also deployed border home guards to monitor such activities but the move has failed to bring any results.The Aravalli range in the Alwar-Bharatpur region has being rapidly destroyed. The mining mafia had recently halted the visit of an SIT team to the area by putting up road blocks in Alwar.\"It is a good move on the part of the government to form a special team to take on illegal mining in the region. But how effective they will be in tackling the issue will have to be seen. For, it is not just force but also proper policies that will actually put a brake on illegal mining. The government has to ensure a share of the village panchayat in the collection of revenue even at the initial stage. It is only then they will get active in halting it. As of now, the panchayats just get 1% of the stone officially mined,\" says Rana Sengupta, managing trustee of the Mine Labour Protection Campaign.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12421442", "title": "Mukul meets railway officials to expedite state projects", "text": "KOLKATA: Railway minister Mukul Roy on Monday met the general managers of Eastern, South Eastern and Metro Railways and discussed ongoing projects in Kolkata and the districts. During the meeting, the minister assured railway officials of help for seamless implementation of the projects.Satish Agnihotri, managing director, Rail Vikas Nigam Ltd (RVNL) - the agency in charge of 12 projects including the Metro ones - was also present during the meeting. After sitting through various presentations, Roy decided to convene another meeting on Tuesday. This meeting will be held with officials of Metro Railways, RVNL, state's power and irrigation department, Kolkata Port Trust and J K Saha, special secretary (transport) to the government of West Bengal.During the presentations on Monday, Metro officials apprised the minister of the ongoing survey of the Basirhat-Haroa-Dum Dum stretch and other ongoing projects. Roy told officials that he would get MPs, MLAs and Panchayat leaders to sit together and sort out the problems faced by the implementing agencies.The railway officials were quite impressed by Roy's assurances to look into their problems. The minister also set deadlines for the Joka-BBD Metro stretch. According to officials, the Joka-Ajanta Talkies stretch will be completed by October, 2013. The stretch up to Majerhat will be completed by October, 2014 and the final phase up to BBD Bag a year later. Roy will meet defence minister A K Antony over the use of some defence land for the Prinsep Ghat-Majerhat project. The minister also proposes to meet Pranab Mukherjee on March 31 for acquisition of land belonging to the Alipore Mint for the Joka-BBD Bag project.While officials in Kolkata remained tight-lipped, sources in Hooghly claimed that over 3,000 land losers have demanded railway jobs as per Mamata Banerjee's announcement to offer jobs apart from compensation for land taken acquired by the railways. According to them, land owners split their property into pieces and distributed them among family members soon after the announcement was made.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12421826", "title": "Corporator's big plans for festival worry cops", "text": "HYDERABAD: With TDP corporator T Raja Singh claiming that about 2,000 people from Maharashtra, UP and Delhi have consented to take part in the Sri Ram Navami procession on April 1, city police have gone in a tizzy.Having no way to verify the claim of Raja Singh who was released on bail in a vehicle theft case on Saturday, the police have asked the intelligence personnel to identify potential trouble-makers in the city.Intelligence sources said that as per preliminary investigation it was found that activists associated with right-wing organizations like Hindu Jana Jagruthi Samiti, Bhagat Singh Kranti Sena, Sanatan Sanstha, among others, might arrive in Hyderabad for the celebrations.Raja Singh addressed a meeting convened by the Bhagyanagar Sri Ram Navami Utsav Samithi at Rani Avanti Bai Bhavan at Gangabowli, Dhoolpet, on Sunday where he reportedly said that many youth belonging to various Hindu outfits would be taking part in the rally, the main event of the festival. The sources said the corporator has also readied an idol of Lord Ram that is 11 feet tall and weighs 100 kg.The idol will be taken in the Shobha Yatra.8 history-sheeters arrestedHYDERABAD: As part of preventive measures to ensure that Sri Ram Navami procession is incident-free in the city, the Mangalhat police arrested eight history-sheet ers on Monday. Police arrested Shaik Waseem, Durgesh Singh, Raj Kumar Singh, Vijender Singh, Abid bin Khaled, Mubarak bin Afrose, Rasheed Ali and Syed Arshad, history-sheeters of the Mangalhat police station.At around 10 am, a special team headed by sub-inspector (SI) M Ravi Kumar arrested the eight at Asma Cafe in Mangalhat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12421771", "title": "Dunlop staff bank on state for bailout", "text": "KOLKATA: It comes as the last nail in the coffin of Dunlop India, which had suspended works in its Sahaganj unit in October 2011. With the court order of liquidation, unions and the workers are expecting the Bengal government to intervene to bail them out of uncertainty.The firm declared complete suspension of work since October 8, 2011 in its Sahaganj unit. \"When it went for liquidation there was salary payment backlog for 2 months,\" Pradip Banerjee, an employee and member of Indian National Trade Union Congress (INTUC) said.In a meeting outside the factory gate after the court announcement, convener of Dunlop Bachao Nagarik Committee Bidyut Raut said: \"This is not a time to rejoice but we are happy that something has happened. Not only the state government, the Centre should also think about this problem. The management of the company has not only deprived the workers, it has also failed to clear salaries of many officers. The management had no intentions of running this company.\"A Dunlop India spokesperson said: \"The final order (liquidation order) is yet to reach us. We will scrutinize it and appeal against it in a higher forum.\" The firm is hopeful that it can reopen very soon if it get state's cooperation. They have another unit in Tamilnadu's Ambattur.At present, Dunlop has 851 staff under its payroll. \"There are around 319 employees who have opted for voluntary retirement scheme (VRS) in the last few years. Even they are yet to get their dues,\" Banerjee said.Labour minister Purnendu Bose said: \"The state government didn't want the firm to go into liquidation. We are worried about the future of the workers.\" Commerce and industries minister Partha Chatterjee said: \"We are asking the unions in Dunlop to hold a meeting with us. It is our duty to preserve the interest of the workers.\"A dispute arose over the payment after which MCL filed a civil suit against DIL. In 2009, MCL filed a winding-up petition against DIL, claiming that the latter owed the company Rs 2 crore. The matter was admitted by the high court. In 2012, MCL filed another petition before the court, seeking the appointment of a provisional liquidator as DIL. The petitioner alleged that unless a liquidator is appointed, during the hearing of the winding-up petition, DIL will sell off its assets to avoid paying off dues.The petition was challenged by DIL and submitted to the court that the sum mentioned by MCL is disputed. It was pointed out by DIL that a civil suit has already been filed by MCL and the court should wait for the outcome of that matter. It was also stated by DIL's counsel that the company came out of the Board of Industrial and Financial Reconstruction (BIFR) after its net worth turned positive. This reveals that the company is making a financial turn around and there is no need for creditors to lose confidence on DIL, the lawyers contended.Advocate general Anindya Mitra also appeared in the matter and submitted that if DIL wants to revive, the state is ready to provide all assistance for the sake of generation of employment.. Counsel for MCL, however, insisted that no transfer of assets should be allowed from the company till the matter is finally settled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12421848", "title": "Lalitha Kala Akademi awards presented", "text": "KOCHI: Minister for culture K C Joseph gave away the Kerala Lalitha Kala Akademi awards for cartoon and photography at Durbar Hall in Kochi on Monday.T K Sujith (Thrissur) and Sajith Kumar (Kannur) shared the award for the best cartoon and K B Gireesh (Thrissur) bagged the award for the best photograph. The winners will get a cash prize of Rs 15,000 and a citation. The akademi also felicitated artists above 70 years at the function.An exhibition of photographs and cartoons organized as part of the award function began at the Durbar Hall. It will conclude on April 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12423052", "title": "State denies TN charge, to file reply in apex court", "text": "MYSORE: Karnataka government has decided to file a point-by-point reply in the Supreme Court to Tamil Nadu's petition on the Cauvery issue. Tamil Nadu had asked the apex court to restrain Karnataka from resorting to summer irrigation and depleting Cauvery reservoirs. A meeting of senior officials, engineers and legal experts in Bangalore on Saturday took this decision.Confirming the decision, M Bangaraswamy chief engineer in-charge of inter-state river dispute cell, told TOI that apprehensions on this score were unfounded and unwarranted and there was no need for Karnataka to worry.``When we do not have water to use for standing irrigation crops and maintain drinking water supply to Bangalore, Mysore and towns and villages located on the banks of rivers downstreams of dams in Cauvery basin, how can we deplete the dams,'' Bangaraswamy asked, saying that such pinpricks from TN were not new .Meanwhile, engineers in the water resource department and those managing dams in Cauvery basin also said that water now available in the dams was not sufficient even for standing paddy and sugarcane crops.``We have 25,000 hectares of standing paddy crop and 45,000 of sugarcane crop and struggling hard to educate the farmers to not waste water,'' Sangaiah, joint director of agriculture, from Mandya said, adding that farmers may find it tough to get water if the pre-monsoon showers fail in April May.When contacted, state KRRS chief K S Puttannaiah said that in the absence of a national water policy and scientifically worked out distress formula, it was not possible to fix the water usage and a time table for it. Before approaching the apex court, TN should have known that Karnataka had failed to use 277 tmcft. of water allocated to it by the apex court to the full extent whereas TN was using excess water.``We grow paddy and sugarcane and other crops in 5 lakh to 6 lakh acres of which only 3 lakh acres come under wet crops where as TN has 35 lakh acres of land growing crops which need large quantity of water,'' he pointed out adding that the apex court order was silent on the pattern of crops to be raised by farmers in these two states.Water levels lowWater level in the KRS dam stood at 101 level against 224.80 feet and engineers say that even drinking water supply to Bangalore and Mysore will get affected if the pre-monsoon showers fail. Situation appeared to be worse as far as water level in Kabini and Hemavathy dams is concerned as hardly a couple of tmc ft of water is available in these two dams. It was revealed that Hemavathy has only 2 tmc ft of water storage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "12422115", "title": "Man strangled, body hidden in bed box", "text": "GHAZIABAD: A 30-year-old property dealer, who had been missing since March 22, was found strangled to death after his body was recovered by police from a bed box in a Vaishali sector 5 flat in Ghaziabad. The flat is owned by a friend of the deceased. Police said dispute over commission, which the deceased had earned through a property deal in Noida, could be the reason behind the incident. The partner of the deceased, a key suspect in the murder, is absconding.Ghaziabad SSP Raghubir Lal said that the deceased, Rajneesh Swarna, lived with his wife Saniya and two-year-old son in Vinayak housing society in Vasundhra. The deceased was a native of Samastipur in Bihar. He ran the property dealership with Sanjay alias Nanhe, who is also from Bihar.Lal said when other apartment residents came to know of a foul smell coming out of the locked flat in Unnati Apartment in sector 5 of Vaishali, the main door was broken. After the neighbours found the body, they called the police.Rajneesh's hands had been tied to his back and he had been strangled with a plastic rope. The body was in a semi-decomposed condition. The flat is owned by one Virender, known to both the deceased and the key suspect.Police said even Virendra has gone to his native place in Bihar.\"During initial investigation, it has been learnt that the deceased had given a cheque of Rs 35 lakh to his partner Sanjay, which later bounced. Later, when they got a commission of Rs 15 lakh after another property deal, the deceased reportedly did not return the money he owed his partner. The deceased's partner had complained about this to Rajneesh's parents who live in Bihar,\" Lal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12422175", "title": "Very little for Pune in budget", "text": "PUNE: Finance minister Ajit Pawar ignored the city and its surrounding areas' needs for infrastructure projects, including the metro rail, in the state budget on Monday. Pawar, who is also the guardian minister for Pune, did not have any word about the formation of the Pune Metropolitan Regional Development Authority.The only mention about Pune's infrastructure project is a budgetary provision for the proposed survey for the new rail route between Pune and Nashik, which had already been announced in the state cabinet meeting earlier this month Both NCP and Congress had promised in their manifestos in the run up the civic polls that the metro rail projects would be expedited and the public transport system would be improved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12421499", "title": "'Will seek PM's help in ending harassment of Russian staff'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Perturbed over alleged harassment of Russian staff at the Roerich Memorial museum at Kullu by local authorities, Russian ambassador Alexander Kadakin on Monday said he will soon seek Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's intervention on the issue.Kadakin alleged that local authorities were not allowing the Roerich Memorial Trust to function properly, carry out regular repair works and even harassing its Russian curator Alena Adamkova.The Trust was set up 20 years ago in memory of Russian painter Nicholas Roerich.\"I, as a founder of the Trust, am completely heartbroken today. They must stop harassment of the lady...I will request the Prime Minister of India to personally intervene into the situation ,\" he told reporters.Severely criticising the Himachal government for taking control of the Trust which runs the museum, the Russian ambassador favoured its functioning under the Central government.\"The crux of the problem is that the Trust is now under the state authorities of Himachal...How can officials of the district administration run the trust without being able to properly spell Roerich's name?\" he wondered.Kadakin said he has written a \"long and very constructive\" letter to Himachal Pradesh chief minister P K Dhumal on suggesting \"concrete\" steps needed to be taken to \"restore glory of the place\". pti", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12421122", "title": "454 babus in dock over assets", "text": "NEW DELHI: Cracking the whip on officers, who have failed to declare their immovable property, the Centre has recommended \"appropriate action\" against 454 Class 'A' officers, including eight joint secretaries and 44 directors, that may not only delay their promotion but also invite adverse remarks in their annual performance appraisal reports.Out of these 454 Central Secretariat Service Officers, the highest number of defaulters are from the department of agriculture and cooperation (58) followed by the home ministry (40), health and family welfare (36), environment (32), defence (28), culture (14), coal (11) and bio-technology (7).\"These Class 'A' officers to face departmental action which includes denial of mandatory vigilance clearance for their next promotion and empanelment for senior level posts in central government\", a ministry of personnel official said while referring to an 'office memorandum' (OM) issued for action last week.These officers, including under secretaries, deputy secretaries, directors and joint secretaries, were supposed to declare their Immovable Property Return (IPR) for 2011 to their departments concerned by January 31. Later, the details were required to be furnished to the department of personnel and training (DoPT) by February 28.Asking administrative ministries and departments to obtain IPRs of defaulting officers and send it to the DoPT, the OM said: \"It is also requested that appropriate action be taken in case of officers who failed to submit the IPRs on stipulated time besides ensuring that appropriate entry regarding late submissionnon-submission of 'Returns' is made in the relevant Annual Performance Appraisal Report (APAR) of the officers concerned\".The DoPT has attached the list of the defaulters with its OM, and sent it to all departments of the Central government for action on March 21.Officers from Central Bureau of Investigation (one), Central Vigilance Commission (three), Cabinet Secretariat (two), Central Information Commission, ministry of civil aviation and finance ministry among others also appear in the list of 454 defaulters.Majority of the officers in the list are under secretaries. Among the joint secretaries, two each are from agriculture and home ministries, while one each are from environment and forest and health and family welfare departments.Besides the Central Secretariat Service Officers, bureaucrats of 'All India Services', including Indian Administrative Service (IAS) and Indian Police Service ( IPS), are also required to declare their IPRs. \"Similar action will also be recommended for the defaulters among them soon. A required list is being prepared for the same,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "vadodara/ rajkot", "code": "12423208", "title": "Gujarat to \u2018milk\u2019 ship of the desert", "text": "VADODARA/ RAJKOT: Gujarat, country's largest milk provider, will also 'milk' the ship of the desert. Following provisions made by the state government in this year's budget, the state will soon get its first commercial dairy for processing of camel milk.The state government has received a proposal from the Kutch District Co-operative Milk Producers Union Limited or the Sarhad Dairy, which has joined hands with a local union of camel breeders Kutch Unt Uchherak Maldhari Sangathan ( KUUMS) and Kutch- based non-governmental organization Sahjeevan to develop milk collection networks and to mobilize camel breeders and spread awareness on the economic and health benefits of camel milk. Gujarat Cooperative Milk Marketing Federation ( GCMMF), which markets brand Amul, on its part has agreed to market camel milk provided processing and packaging of the camel milk is done from Kutch itself. \"Camel milk has lot of therapeutic value. It is nigh in nutrition and low in fat and it can benefit consumers especially those suffering from diabetes. If processing and packaging is done in Kutch itself, we will be supporting it through our marketing network to make it available to consumers,\" GCMMF's managing director R S Sodhi told TOI on Monday.According to KUUMS's president Bhikha Rabari, the new initiative will bring a lot of benefits to camel breeders.\"Traditionally camel breeders' sale their male, but it takes at least two years. But if they can sell camel milk, then they can get regular income. As of now, camel breeders' sell camel milk at different centres for different uses in Kutch. There are over 400 camel breeders in the region,'' Rabari told TOI, adding that three milk collection centres have been planned in Abdasa, Lakpat and Nakhatrana blocks which have large population of camels.\"With the new development, camel breeders will also get income by selling its milk as well the breed of camel will also survive and will turn economical for Maldharis as well,\" team leader of NGO Sahjeevan Ramesh Bhatti told TOI.The camel breeders in Kutch have in fact started making ice cream and kheer (a sweet preparation made out of milk and rice) using camel milk and are selling it through a vendor in Kutch's headquarters Bhuj.An official in the dairy sector is, however, not as optimistic as with not more than 5,000 litre of camel milk available in Gujarat, it cannot be marketed on a bigger scale. \"It is difficult to set up a separate plant only for camel milk as even if we procure 5,000 litre camel milk on a higher side, it translates into only 10,000 milk pouches which are sufficient only for a small pocket of consumers. Additionally, camel milk is slightly more salty compared to buffalo milk. Hence, it cannot be used for manufacturing of other milk products,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12422852", "title": "Celebratory firing claims two lives in Barabanki, one critically injured", "text": "LUCKNOW: Celebratory firing during a marriage claimed the lives of a teenaged boy and a young girl in Barabanki on Monday night. The incident took place in Bijla village under Mohammadpur police station of Barabanki where celebrations were underway at the house of Rajendra Yadav.The occasion was the Tilak ceremony of Rajendra's son Balram. Police said that celebrations had reached its peak, as the family members and relatives of the groom were dancing to the popular Bollywood numbers, when a guest Vinay Pandey and his brother Vibhuti Pandey suddenly started firing from their single barrel licensed gun to mark the celebrations.The celebrations came to an abrupt end when Pradeep (15) and Anita (25) who were watching the people dance, suddenly hit the ground and blood was seen oozing out from their abdomen. Another onlooker Akhilesh Yadav , who was standing besides the two, also suffered severe pellet injuries. It was only after someone in the crowd pointed out that the pellet injuries were apparently caused by bullets being fired from a single barrel gun by two other guests known to the groom's family.A closer look revealed that all three had suffered gunshot wounds. Taken aback by the incident, the hosts rushed the three victims to the nearest health centre, where the doctors pronounced Pradeep and Anita dead on arrival. The condition of Akhilesh is said to be critical.Anita, a resident of Kasauinia is said to be the daughter of the host's family friends , Pradeep was the nephew of Balram. Though, the two accused themselves accompanied the victims to the nursing home where the victims were initially rushed, they later went untraceable.Police said they have specific leads on the whereabouts of the two accused and are hopeful of their early arrest. A case will be registered in connection with the incident on the basis of the application submitted by the victims' families.\"As per the sequence of events we have come to know that it was a case of death due to negligence, or at best, a culpable homicide not amounting to murder. But, the case will be registered on the basis of the complaint that we receive from the family members of the victims,\" said a police official.About the police action against the accused, police said that proceedings will be initiated to seek cancellation of the arms license issued to the two. Though there are reports that the accused were firing from a licensed single barrel gun, police try to establish if they were carrying any illegal weapons with them, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12421045", "title": "A budget with many \u2018item songs\u2019", "text": "Manohar Parrikar's first budget after a fairly long innings in the opposition is packed with new announcements and policies. In one line, I would say that the BJP manifesto has won. The finance minister has attempted to position almost all the commitments enunciated in the manifesto in this single exercise. The only issue which the finance minister left untouched is a statement of the present government on grants to English medium primary schools. There is no clue to understand whether a budgetary allocation has been made to this effect. There is an enigmatic silence on this. Otherwise this was hotly debated during the election campaign but intelligently put on the back burner by the BJP and other sympathizers who had formed new fronts to espouse the cause of regional languages.Most of the tax and expenditure proposals were expected since they were part of the recently concluded election campaign jingles. There was no option or alternative in respect of near abolition of VAT on petrol. This populist slogan went well with the youth. I do not think their expectation from the budget goes beyond cheaper petrol. For them, Parrikar has delivered what he promised. Nothing else would make them happy or unhappy. A relief allowance of Rs 1000 for housewives where the family annual income is less than Rs 3 lakh and token hike in allowance for senior citizens and artists was expected. The announcement of freezing of LPG prices at March 2012 levels and such other populist measures would drain the already starved state exchequer. It would be difficult to ensure that the benefits really go to the needy and within the laid down income parameters knowing the administrative and implementation machinery of the government.I would single out the focus on agriculture, horticulture, fisheries and animal husbandry as a welcome departure from the past. The growth rate of the primary sector has been negative last year. It is necessary to reverse this trend and the finance minister needs to be applauded for attempting to work to make the state self-sufficient in milk and vegetable production within a period of four years. The stepping up of outlay on the \"Kamdehnu Scheme\" from Rs 70 lakh to Rs 10 crore and the announcement to work on a new agricultural policy for sustainable development of this sector is in the interests of the state economy. This has great potential to generate gainful mass employment and at the same time utilize the natural gifts of the state. The general perception that agriculture can never be remunerative needs to be changed.Projecting a growth rate of 12%, the finance minister has offered a grand package for tourism. There is a promise of putting investors in information technology on fast track. The interest subsidy offered for existing units and for new units in backward areas coupled with measures to restore an investor friendly atmosphere should enable the state to achieve the targeted growth. Undoubtedly, there was investor tiredness and weariness in Goa. To a large extent this was because of delays, indifference and climate of corruption that pervaded administration and the political executive. Parrikar has committed to bring good governance and nip in the bud the inefficiency and indiscipline in public administration. His actions have boosted the confidence of industry, trade and business. These are all positive signs for the economy.The finance minister has used the opportunity to explain the road map for improving administrative efficiency. The renovated performance appraisal system for government officers, E-governance through E-tendering and E-procurement and a public grievance redress mechanism, if put in motion will definitely achieve the desired results. To my mind, these are more important than the proposed Lokayukta.There are also announcements which look small but can make a big impact. The cluster of bridges to be set up, proposal for a technical university for Goa, the declaration of football as state sport, kala mandirs in all talukas, dedicated lanes for bicycles, multi-storey parking in major towns, setting up of minority commission and special package for empowerment of scheduled tribes could be named.There are many who feel that a budget can bring economic 'parivartan'. My school of thought tells me something different. Primarily, a budget is an exercise to raise revenue for the annual expenditure of the government. However, budget speeches get the media gaze due to big-ticket policies and schemes and quotes from the ancient scriptures and famous poets. These are like the modern day item songs in films which though have no relation to the story of the film, make the film popular. I hope, Parrikar proves me wrong.Postscript: I think Parrikar has silenced and sealed the lips of the leaders of the opposition and they have taken shelter in the ICU. I was invited for a TV show on a local channel for budget discussions with the chief minister and no opposition leader came to participate. I was literally forced to hold the fort for the opposition to balance the discussions.The writer is an academician and former state election commissioner", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12421533", "title": "Punjab drives demand for 4-wheelers in the region", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Northwest India, led by Punjab, is fuelling the demand for motor vehicles - both two as well as four wheelers, Census 2011 data has revealed.Except Goa, immensely benefitting from both mining and tourism with 57% households using two wheelers, Punjab has the highest number of households, 47%, having motorcycles.North and northwestern states have also pushed demand for four wheelers with 26% of Chandigarh households using vehicles as against 25% in Goa.Punjab with 13% households owning a car, Haryana with 11%, Delhi with 21% are becoming a role model for Himachal where the growth of four wheelers is very high with 8.3% households using four wheelers in 2011 as against just 2.6% households in 2001.Kerala is the only state close to Punjab, Haryana and Himachal with 10.2% households in the southern state using four wheelers.The most interesting aspect to growth of motor vehicle has been that the spirit of motor owners has remained high, despite the decade witnessing almost three-fold rise in petrol prices and cumulative inflation and rate of interest remaining very high.Even states witnessing high GDP growth rates -- like Gujarat with just 6.1% households, Maharashtra with 5.9% households and Tamil Nadu with 4.3% households -- have not been able to compete with the king size Punjabi lifestyle, attracting all big car brands to northwest India.The census has only confirmed the scene on roads when people find a large number of vehicles with Himachal registration numbers clogging hilly terrains causing traffic snarls, low vehicle speed and pollution problems in the hill state.\"Petrol and diesel prices may become sensitive issues in the region politically now,\" Prof Ashwani Kumar Nanda from population centre of Centre for Research in Rural and Industrial Research, told The Times of India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12422995", "title": "Coimbatore, Madurai to get regional cancer centres", "text": "CHENNAI: The ordeal of hundreds of cancer patients who travel from far-off districts to Chennai for treatment may soon be over. The state government will open regional cancer centres at Government Rajaji Hospital in Madurai and Coimbatore Medical College Hospital.The centres to be established at a cost of 15 crore each will have medical, surgical and radiotherapy departments. At present, most cancer patients travel to Chennai for treatment at government hospitals or the Adyar Cancer Institute.There are more than 28 lakh people with cancer in India. Every year, 10 lakh people get affected by the disease which claims 5 lakh lives. In Tamil Nadu , cancer is one of the 10 leading causes of death.According to the Madras Metropolitan Tumour Registry, breast cancer tops the list of cancers with one in 29 women estimated to be at risk, followed by cervical cancer (one in 46) and ovarian (one in 120).Among men, lung cancer tops the list with one in 60 men at risk, followed by stomach cancer with one in every 68 people at risk.Oral cancer is common among men and women, though many more men are at risk.The registry shows that one in 128 men and 91 women are likely to be affected by oral cancer. The state government said it will launch a special screening programme for early detection of oral cancer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12425275", "title": "Assam Police worst human rights violators", "text": "GUWAHATI: Assam Police are the biggest violators of human rights in the state. According to a written reply by forest and environment minister Rockybul Hussain on behalf of home minister and chief minister Tarun Gogoi in the house on Monday, of the 94 cases in which the state human rights commission has issued orders, 46 are against the Assam Police.The minister stated in his reply that 6,734 complaints of human rights violation have been settled so far and another 713 cases are pending. \"To expedite the settlement of the remaining cases of rights violation, the commission is has been issuing summons from time to time,\" the minister stated.The most gruesome of human rights violation committed by Assam Police is the blinding of one Anil Roy by a constable in Basistha police station in the city. The commission has issued an order to commissioner and secretary of home and political department to pay Rs 5 lakh to Roy. There is also recommendation to senior superintendent of police in the city to reprimand one sub-inspector Ajay Medhi for not registering an FIR.According to the minister's reply, the commission has recommended action against 135 government officials so far. The minister's reply however had details of just 94 of these recommendations. The recommendations ordered by the commission against the Assam Police are disciplinary action against erring police officials and payment of compensation.The highest compensation recommended by the commission is to health and family welfare department to pay Rs 10 lakh to one Souvik Shome and realization of the entire amount from the guilty professor of gynecology department Guwahati Medical College and Hospital. There are several recommendations by the commission to the Assam State Electricity Board (ASEB), pollution control board, Of the 94 cases in which the state human rights commission has issued orders, 46 are against the Assam Police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12421399", "title": "Soon, concrete walls to protect jumbos", "text": "COIMBATORE: The forest departments of Tamil Nadu and Kerala have decided to jointly erect concrete walls on either side of the railway track along the Walayar stretch to prevent railway accidents caused by elephants entering tracks especially between Palakkad and Coimbatore.The 'B' line railway track that passes through dense forests in the Madukkarai-Walayar-Kanjikode region will be blocked on both sides by thick walls, to protect not just elephants but other animals too. The initiative assumes significance as concrete walls have been successful in many parts of the country in curbing the man-animal conflict. Though expensive, the walls will ensure a lasting solution.A meeting of forest officials in Coimbatore and Palakkad, convened recently by Wildlife Trust of India, found concrete walls as the only answer to the vexed issue and decided to erect it under a joint initiative. Railway officials also participated in the meeting. With the onset of summer, herds of elephants frequent the woods along the railway tracks and disrupt traffic. Every summer, railway authorities and wild life experts are concerned about the possibility of major accidents. Herds comprising nine to 11 jumbos have been spotted crossing the railway track along a two-km stretch near Attupathy two weeks ago.Long-distance trains that pass through the Coimbatore-Palakkad route now run at just 30 kms per hour in the Walayar area during the day and below 25km at night to avoid knocking down animals. At least 20 elephants have been killed on these tracks in the last five years.According to S Guruvayurappan of Wildlife Trust of India, they decided on building concrete walls as all other protective measures have failed. Electric fences erected on both sides of the tracks along the 20-km Madukarai-Walayar stretch are ineffective as elephants knock them down during power shutdown. \"In April and May, trains may have to wait for 20 to 30 minutes to allow elephants to move out of the way. Both the forest departments are now working out the expenses and are keen to start the works at the earliest,'' said Guruvayurappan.According to sources in the railways, a number of long distance trains are forced to halt at Kanjikode near Palakkad even during odd hours since the onset of summer due to the presence of a large number of elephants on the track. \"There are over 400 elephants in the Walayar forests. Most of them now cross the railway tracks many times a day to graze in the adjoining thick green undergrowth,\" said a senior forest official. The meeting also discussed the possibility of reviving the disrupted elephant corridors of Ettimadai and Madukkarai to prevent elephants from crossing the tracks. A committee has been formed comprising officials and wildlife experts to suggest steps in resolving this issue.When contacted, Coimbatore DFO V Thirunavukarasu said the proposal to build the concrete wall is being considered seriously. \"The huge cost involved is the only issue that seems to be a major challenge. But a joint initiative can make the project financially viable,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12421866", "title": "Mystery shrouds techie\u2019s death, autopsy awaited", "text": "NEW DELHI: The body of a 25-year-old software engineer was found in mysterious circumstances on Sunday night after he reportedly fell off the terrace of his girlfriend's house in Pandav Nagar in east Delhi, police said.The deceased Saurabh had studied in Birla Institute of Technology, Mesra, and was preparing for civil services.Police have recorded the statement of the girl, a law graduate from Delhi University, who is the sole witness in the case. The questioning of the girl has raised questions about the nature of the fall, they said. However, no case was registered till late Monday night. DCP (east) Prabhakar said, \"We are seeking a forensic expert's opinion and waiting for the autopsy report to ascertain the cause for the fall. Action will be taken only after we get the reports, which will bring clarity on whether if it was a case of suicide, accidental death, or a homicide.\"Saurabh's father, Bajrang lal, said, \"We don't know if he had a relationship with any girl. I suspect foul play as he sounded normal when I last spoke to him. He was talking about transferring some cash to my account.\"Police said the fall took place after the girl returned from a party around 10.30pm. \"She said she saw Saurabh drinking on the terrace. There was a fight between the two and the girl went downstairs. While she was descending the stairs, she heard a loud thud. She rushed out to find him lying in a pool of blood,\" said a senior cop.The girl said one of the neighbours came out to help and called the ambulance. After waiting for the ambulance for some time, she called her friend from Noida in a state of panic. It was only after he arrived that they informed the cops around 12.55am. Police said they were investigating if the delay was intentional or if the girl had panicked and called her friend for help instead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12420619", "title": "'Gen VK Singh's allegations unfair'", "text": "NEW DELHI: Army chief General V K Singh's allegation of corruption has not gone down well with many retired officers, including some former chiefs.In his latest interviews to an English daily and a TV channel, in which he claimed he was offered Rs 14 crore as bribe, Gen Singh lamented that the Army bought over 7,000 vehicles at exorbitant prices without any questions being asked.He was referring to Tatra vehicles that are bought through defence PSU Bharat Earth Movers Limited from a foreign private firm. He said he was offered the bribe to push the purchase of 600 Tatra vehicles.Many retired officers felt Gen Singh has in a single sweep raised questions about the integrity of all officers, who have handled the purchase of Tatra vehicles that are considered to be one of the mainstays of Army logistics for almost 25 years.\"It is unfair to say that we were acquiring these vehicles at exorbitant prices for all these years. Worse, these vehicles have been the mainstay of the Indian Army for years,\" a retired general said.Former Army chief Gen Deepak Kapoor said it was \"below my dignity to comment on the allegation\". Another former chief Gen V P Malik said Gen Singh's claims were a \"startling revelation\", and was a \"serious matter\". He said he had never heard of \"anyone approaching an Army chief directly with bribes, I am glad MoD has now decided to investigate the matter\".However, Gen Malik, who was the Army chief during the 1999 Kargil conflict, said, \"They should have immediately investigated the matter and the firm that made the offer should have been blacklisted, and stringent action should have been taken against the person who offered the bribe.\"\"Here the integrity of senior officers including that of the office of the Army Chief is involved. They should take action, ruthless action,\" Gen Malik said. Corruption was \"still an aberration and not rampant\" in the Army. \"The matter should have been taken to logical conclusion,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "12421547", "title": "Rajoana T-shirts hit markets", "text": "JALANDHAR: T-shirts carrying Balwant Singh Rajoana's picture with a noose around his head have started appearing in markets with 'Bhai Balwant Singh Rajoana nu faansi kyon?' written on them.The first lot of these T-shirts was got printed by Sant Baljit Singh Daduwal.A printer revealed that he had already received orders of around 10,000 T-Shirts from various places and organizations.According to Sikh activists, protesters would wear these T-shirts on March 28 while observing a statewide bandh call given by the Akal Takht.The demand for saffron flags is also up following the Akal Takht call to the Sikhs to affix these atop their houses to express solidarity with Rajoana.Sale of calendars carrying pictures of Rajoana and Jagtar Singh Hawara, another convict in Beant Singh murder case, are also on rise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12423126", "title": "Firm discloses more unaccounted income", "text": "SURAT: A partner in one of the real estate groups, that were raided by the investigating wing of the income tax department three days ago, has disclosed an additional Rs 30 crore of unaccounted income, taking the total disclosure to Rs 75 crore.Official sources said the two real estate groups and two architects were raided by the income tax department last week. The two builder groups and two architects declared Rs 43 crore and Rs 2 crore worth of unaccounted income respectively on Saturday. During the raid at the premises of one of the real estate developers, the I-T sleuths recovered evidence and documents of another individual acting as partner in the group. The partner's premises were raided and the I-T sleuths recovered unaccounted income to the tune of Rs 30 crore.\"The total disclosure in the operation has touched Rs 75 crore. We have started scrutinizing about nine bank lockers seized during the search and seizure operation,\" an I-T officer said.tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12420703", "title": "Maharashtra budget evokes mixed reactions", "text": "NASHIK: The state budget for 2012-13 presented mixed reactions from within the industry.\"The concession for small industries in power tariff is really historic. Around 50% rebate on interest of loans for the closed industry is also welcome. Further, the provision of Rs 2,000 crore for the power generation sector is a good step toward making the state self-sufficient in power generation. Allocation of Rs 3,000 crore to build roads across the state will definitely boost related industries,\" said Dhananjay Bele, president, Nashik Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (NIMA). But Bele added that the \"provision of Rs 75 crore for the non-conventional energy sector is inadequate. Announcement of 11 state highways and eight flyovers will boost industry. Overall, it was a good budget in view of gains for industry\".\"The Dhule-Nagpur highway broadening into a four-lane drive will boost the development of the state. A provision of Rs 2,025 crores for warehousing is good, but provision of Rs 75 crore for non-conventional energy sector is not adequate. A provision of Rs 2,500 core for infrastructure facilities, concession for the cloth industry, schemes to promote poultry farming and provision for e-governance are all welcome,\" said Ambad Industries and Manufacturer's Association (AIMA) president Dnyaneshwar Gopale.Digvijay Kapadia, president of the All India Federation of Cloth Retailer's Association said, \"Rise in sales tax, LPG, vehicle prices and an overall lack of substantial provision for industry is what seems to be lacking in this budget.\"\"Rs 1,500 crore to improve the power is inadequate. Tax hikes in luxury items, vehicles, CNG and LPG, will increase the burden on trade. But the rise in sales tax to reduce the Rs 2,000 crore deficit was already expected,\" said Sanjay Bodke, senior vice-president, Maharashtra Chamber of Commerce, Industry and Agriculture (MCCIA).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12422471", "title": "Boy who fell from fifth floor on road to recovery", "text": "After surviving a fall from the seventh floor of his Worli residence , five-year-old Saba Shaikh is stable and will soon be able to walk out of the hospital. He is currently undergoing treatment in the paediatric surgery ward of the civic-run BYL Nair Hospital, where doctors said his injuries were not of a grievous nature.Deputy dean Dr M H Shah of Sion Hospital said, \"He has fractured his right leg. He also sustained injuries on the left side of skull, but no major brain damage has been observed. He should be here for another couple of days though his condition is stable and there is nothing to worry about.\"Shaikh fell down from the bedroom of his seventh floor flat at Adarsha Mahal Building in Gandhi Nagar, Worli, on Saturday. \"Fortunately, the impact of the fall was absorbed by a motorcycle parked in the building compound. It saved the boy's life. He is doing well,\" said Worli police senior inspector Dipak Pawar.On Saturday evening around 7.45pm, Shaikh was playing on the bed, which was adjacent to a large window without grilles. While climbing on the ledge, he lost his balance and fell, said the police \"But the boy's parents did not waste any time and were able to get timely medical aid,\" said Pawar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12422826", "title": "Mata Prasad set to havesecond stint as Speaker", "text": "LUCKNOW: Veteran Samajwadi Party leader Mata Prasad Pandey is all set to become the Speaker of the UP assembly for the second time. The SP is likely to make a formal announcement in this regard soon. Pandey, who has won this time from Itwa constituency, served as Speaker during the SP's previous regime between 2003 and 2007.So, his candidature this time did not come as a major surprise as almost all the old-timers in Akhilesh Yadav cabinet have been given the same departments they were holding during the previous tenure. Party insiders say that although Pandey's name had been finalised as early as March 15, the day Akhilesh Yadav was sworn in as the chief minister, the party leadership didn't make a formal announcement as a very senior SP leader also expressed his desire become the speaker.A five-time MLA, Mata Prasad, has made a hat-trick by winning the Itwa seat for the third time in a row. He has also served as labour minister in Mulayam Singh's earlier cabinet. This time, the contest was not a cake walk for Mata Prasad as he was in a triangular contest with Mohammad Muqeem of the Congress Party and Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP's) Subodh Chandra Yadav. Mata Prasad won by over 12,000 votes.Pandey had hit the headlines during his previous stint as speaker when he awarded temporary recognition to the breakaway BSP rebel MLAs who had defected from their party to support Mulayam on the floor of the house. Though he didn't allow the merger, the breakaway Jantantrik Bahujan Dal ultimately supported the SP government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "gadchiroli", "code": "12420201", "title": "PWD to \u2018bridge the gap\u2019 in Naxal-affected Gadchiroli", "text": "GADCHIROLI: In a bid to assuage people complaining about lack of development in Naxal-hit Gadchiroli district, the public works department (PWD)will 'bridge the gap' by starting construction of three big bridges across Godavari, Indravati and Pranhita rivers at an estimated cost of over 332 crore.Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh made the announcement while interacting with villagers during a meeting in Adra, an obscure village five kms from Sironcha in Gadchiroli, on Sunday.Ramesh was replying to complaints by local leaders that promises made by leaders were hardly fulfilled.\"I've not come here to make promises but to understand the problems encountered by the villagers,\" Ramesh said to a motley crowd.Of the three bridges, work on a bridge across Godavari river near Chitampalli village on state highway no. 9 has been approved, he said. It is estimated to cost 186 crore.PWD officials informed that with no bridge on Godavari river, people have to cross it by boat to reach Andhra Pradesh border. \"It's a long-pending demand as famous Kaleshwaram Shiva temple is situated on the banks of Godavari in Andhra. If constructed, Hyderabad will be just 250 kms from Sironcha,\" they added.Ramesh informed that the other two bridges would come up on Indravati and Pranhita rivers on NH16. While the bridge across Indravati is in tendering stage, the one across Pranhita, costing 90 crore, will come up in Phase II. At present people use ferry to cross Indravati. Both the projects will be under left wing extremism (LWE) programme run by the Centre.The bridge over Indravati is proposed at Pattgudam village costing 157 crore. The project has already been approved by the ministry of road transport and highways. The bridge falls in 57-km stretch from Nizamabad and Jagdalpur via Sironcha, Asarali, Pattagudam and Bhopalpattanam. The state government had handed over NH16 to the Border Road Organisation (BRO). About seven years back, the BRO set up a special task force under 'Project Hirak' to build a 200-km stretch of NH16 that passes from Gadchiroli district to Chhattisgarh's Dantewada and to Andhra's Khammam and Warangal districts.The BRO has completed 25 km patch between Sironcha and Asarali and 15 km patch between Chenor and Dawelada towards Andhra. The bridges across Indravati and Pranhita were to be built by BRO but now BRO has been told to move to Arunachal Pradesh to build strategic roads there. PWD has been asked to take over.Tendering process for bridge across Indravati has been stalled for payment of cost-escalated net present value (NPV) of 6.42 crore towards diversion of 171 hectare forest land. The matter has been forwarded to the highways ministry. Proposal for bridge across Pranhita has also been forwarded to the Centre. Local leaders feel the bridge will help improve development in Gadchiroli.However, considering the Naxal attacks on BRO in the past, only time will tell whether PWD will be able to bridge the gap?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12425126", "title": "Question paper goof-up at Lakhimpur, Majuli", "text": "GUWAHATI: It was a day of another goof-up in the Matric examination conducted by the Board of Secondary Education, Assam (Seba) as candidates in two centres of Lakhimpur and Majuli were given a wrong set of general science question papers on Monday.The board had issued a fresh set of papers for general science after the original lot had to be cancelled when authorities of a school at Samata in Nalbari district distributed general science paper on March 3 instead of the scheduled social science questions that day. The Board, subsequently, cancelled the first set of general science papers and rescheduled the date from March 10 to Monday.Chairman of the board, Shantikam Hazarika, said, \"We have heard about the incident and it is really sad. But right now, we don't know what exactly has happened and so it is very difficult to comment. A special committee has been formed to conduct a centre-to-centre review and we would also look into this matter.\" He added, \"We on our part have tried our best to ensure that the exams are conducted smoothly, but whatever has happened cannot be changed now. However, we would ensure that it does not happen again.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12423097", "title": "Girls in skimpy clothes judged as less competent", "text": "WASHINGTON: Parents please note: Preteen girls who dress in sexier outfits are judged as less competent and less moral than those who wear age-appropriate clothings, a new study has claimed. Earlier studies have found that adult women who dress in revealing clothing are seen as less competent than women who are more buttoned-up .Now, a team at Kenyon College in Ohio found that young girls who dress in sexualized clothings - or those with suggestive writing, slinky material or a revealing cut - are perceived as less competent , LiveScience reported.For the study, published in the journal Sex Roles, Sarah Murnen, a psychologist at Kenyon , and colleagues recruited 162 students, 106 of them women, to view photos of a prepubescent blonde white girl wearing one of three different outfits and rate them on traits such as competence and intelligence. In some photos , the girl was described as an average fifth-grader who enjoys reading and is a member of the student council. In others, she was described as being a top reader at the top of her class and president of the student council.Describing the girl as a higher achiever did prompt people to rate her as more intelligent and capable, as you might expect, Murnen said. But across the board, people's rankings of the girl's capability , competence, determination and intelligence dropped when she wore the obviously serialising outfit. They also ranked her as having lower self-respect and less morality . \"They did see her as less competent as if we are blaming the girl for wearing that clothing,\" Murnen said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "12422182", "title": "Fire breaks out in city\u2019s market yard, no one hurt", "text": "RAJKOT: A major fire broke out in market yard of the city on Monday afternoon.\"We sent five fire fighters to douse the fire which had spread in an area of 1000 square yard packed with chilly bags. The fire was brought under control in an hour, chief fire officer, fire and emergency services department, Rajkot Municipal Corporation, B J Theba said. \"The cause of the fire and the total loss due to it were yet to be ascertained,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12422865", "title": "Exploring mind maps", "text": "MUMBAI: City sheriff Indu Shahani on Monday unveiled a 2,000-sq ft mind map on business studies created by 30 Class X students of NSS Hill Spring International School, Tardeo. Sources from the school said this feat is being considered for the Limca Book of Records, 2012. In a congratulatory note to the school, Tony Buzon, world leader in mind mapping, called the effort 'a monster map, one of the largest in the world and immensely beautiful in terms of presentation and detailing' .MD of the school, Dr Pratibha Mirashi, said, \"We took up this activity to help our students learn faster. It is unique in terms of size, detailing and creativity as well.\"The students worked on the mind map for oneand-a-half hours every day for 50 days. Behzad Mistry, one of the students involved in the project, said, \"We compiled 400 pages of information from our text book into this 'monster' mind map. We divided the work chapter-wise and later fed all the information into a mind mapping software.\" This idea was introduced to the students by school principal Nalini Pinto and mind mapping expert Madhavi Shilpi. Students said the activity helped them grasp the subject better.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12421376", "title": "Car-rape prime accused back in city?", "text": "KOLKATA: It's been nearly seven weeks since a woman was picked up from the city's entertainment hub Park Street and raped inside a moving car. But the Kolkata Police's detective department is yet to get hold of the prime accused, Kader Khan, and two other accused.Sources claimed Kader has sneaked into the city and was seen near his home a few days ago. While a section of the police admitted that they have also received inputs that Kader is back in the city, the officers investigating the case claimed they don't know where he is.The case had hit the headlines after officers of Park Street police station, where the woman lodged a complaint, hardly took any initiative to round up the culprits and allegedly even tried to malign her character to diminish the importance of the crime.Finally, the citizens' growing voice of protest made Kolkata Police's detective department take up the case. After a massive manhunt and some very good detective work, the mystery was solved and three of the accused were rounded up on February 18. These three were allegedly present in the car and had helped prime accused Kader Khan commit the crime. But, Kader and another accused, Johny, eluded the cops. Following the arrest of the trio - Naser Khan, Ruman Khan and Sumit Bajaj - a sixth name, Ali, had also cropped up. But police never found him.Initially, police had reasons to believe that Johny, who hails from Kidderpore and owns a mobile shop, had fled to Mumbai where he has a relative. Police claimed that Kader had fled with Johny. Accordingly, a police team raided the Mumbai hideout, but the duo allegedly escaped narrowly. Police found evidence that one of them was in Mumbai, but further probe revealed that soon after escaping from the city, Kader chose to move alone.Two other teams were then sent to the neighbouring states as police suspected that Kader had taken refuge with one of the businessmen he knows through his family business. Police had no concrete evidence on his location as he did not use any ATM card and never contacted his family or friends who were under police surveillance.In the meantime, the case was handed over to the women's grievance cell of the detective department from the anti-rowdy squad that had got the initial breakthrough and arrested the trio. Following that, the victim, a witness and two employees of the nightclub identified all the three accused during the test identification parade. The three are still in judicial custody. But Kader still evaded police net.However, sources in Beniapukur claimed that a week ago, Kader went to Karaya Road (his ancestral house) in an SUV with a commercial registration number. One of the locals even claimed that he met some of his old friends and is even in touch with his fiancee - Tollywood star Nusrat Jehan.\"We have raided several places according to our information. Raids are still on to hunt for the accused,\" said Damayanti Sen, joint CP (crime), Kolkata Police. She, however, did not confirm about Kader's return to the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12422622", "title": "Transit camp in TB hospital irks HC", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Monday asked the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation how it allowed a transit camp under the slum rehabilitation scheme to be built on the campus of the TB Hospital at Sewri.A division bench of Justice P B Majmudar and Justice Ramesh Dhanuka was hearing a petition filed by Kshay Va HIV Rugna Punarvasan Santha opposing the BMC's renewal of leave and licence agreement with the developer for six years. According to the sanstha's petition, the hospital land-popularly called Bahadurjee Blocks-was donated by Parsi donors exclusively for use of tuberculosis patients. On April 29, 1988, the HC had restrained the BMC from giving B Block for any purpose other than TB patients and taken an undertaking from the BMC that no part of it would be used for any commercial purpose.However, in 2007, the BMC allowed the place to be used as temporary transit camp by developers. Permission was granted by then municipal commissioner on May 5, 2008, for construction on 2,530 square metres on certain terms and conditions . In July 2008, a twoyear agreement of leave and licence was executed between the BMC and the developers . In May 2010, the agreement expired. On March 15, 2010, the BMC renewed it for another six years. The sanstha opposed the renewal and in December 2011 applied for grant of the open plot for 10 years for treatment and welfare of TB and HIV patients.Advocate Sangaraj Rupwate said patients from all over the country come to the hospital. \"Because of the camp, there is difficulty in smooth running of the hospital and the health of patients is also likely to be affected . Even when Tata Memorial Hospital wanted to extend its services, it was refused,'' said Rupwate. The petition states that the TMC was refused on the basis of the donors' will and the high court's orders.Advocate Chirag Balsara, appearing for the developer, denied that the hospital was affected, saying the plot is a vacant area. But the judges were clearly perturbed. \"How can you allow a transit camp within the hospital premises? Tomorrow will you allow it in the high court also?'' asked Justice Majmudar. The matter was adjourned after the BMC advocate sought time to file a reply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12420323", "title": "Centre Point School students get a peek into real life journalism", "text": "NAGPUR: The student editors of School Buzz for March 19 and 26 editions from Centre Point School (CPS), Katol Road Branch got a peek into the world of real journalism when they isited The Times of India (TOI) office on Monday for their felicitation ceremony.The eight editors were invited along with their parents to a presentation ceremony and were given certificates of appreciation. They were then taken on an industrial tour of the office by the TOI team.The lively group was evidently enjoying the trip as they were seen interacting with the various staff of the office and were introduced to the various nuances of the profession.They felt that the tour through the different departments of the newspaper office including reporting, copy editing, designing and photography opened their eyes regarding this line of work.\"This provided us with a brief glimpse into journalism and I am thankful for this opportunity,\" said Samridhi Sureka.Paritosh Kanhe was very happy because of the interactive nature of the School Buzz initiative, where the students had the power to decide what finally went into the page.\"It was also a challenging task as we had to brainstorm a lot and come up with novel ideas. Working in a team was also a great experience,\" he said.The main aim of School Buzz is to attract students to reading and introduce and involve them in the news-making process.Dr Prashant Kate, a parent said that this effort by TOI provided a lot of exposure to the students. \"Through this our child's hidden talents came to fore,\" he said.\"The children enjoyed the creative part, interacting with different people and writing,\" said Dr Jayashree Patwardhan, another parent adding that working with a newspaper was a new and very good experience for the students.For the parents it is always a heartening moment when their children do something good. And that was what Dr DK Ghosh felt.\"This is a very good initiative by the Times and I am feeling very proud of my daughter for associating and being a part of the editorial team of a page of The Times of India,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12422943", "title": "No cushion for diesel price", "text": "CHENNAI: The state, it seems, won't cushion the impending diesel price hike. The state government chose not to cut sales tax or value added tax, which could have eased diesel prices in the state. However, neighbouring state Karnataka reduced sales tax on diesel by 1.25% in the budget presented last week.Karnataka will now charge 22.65% sales tax on diesel against 23.9%, while Tamil Nadu chose to keep the rates intact at 21.43%.Diesel consumption in the state has increased 12% in February from January. With Chennai facing a two-hour 'announced' power cut and the rest of the state a fourhour outage, businesses - small and big - are increasingly using generators. Small and medium enterprises, which generally spend Rs 4.50 per unit for electricity on an average, are now shelling out nearly Rs 13 or Rs 14 to keep the business running.Outside Chennai, diesel consumption in February rose to 5.3 lakh kilolitres from 4.7 lakh kilolitres in January.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12422507", "title": "2 drivers killed as train rams into truck", "text": "BANGALORE: A loco pilot of a Mainline Electric Multiple Unit (MEMU) train and a truck driver were killed when the speeding passenger train rammed into a boulder-ferrying truck at the Kannamangala gate on the outskirts of Bangalore around 1.30pm Monday.Both drivers died on the spot. The train (No. 05696), heading to Yeshwantpur from Devanahalli had just left Devanahalli railway station at 1.17pm and driven by 36-year-old S Suresh Kumar of Hebbal. He is survived by Suhashini and two children. The truck driver is Narayana of Vishwanathapura near Devanahalli . \"We suspect the truck owner is afraid and lying low,\" railway police said.Eyewitnesses said the truck got stranded between the tracks while trying to cross and was warned by onlookers about the train. \"We kept shouting at the truck driver because he couldn't see the approaching train due to trees on both sides of the track,\" said T Muniyappa, a villager who was going towards the airport.Others said the truck driver was in a hurry as he'd been without work for the past three days because of Ugadi. \"Work at quarries around Bettaulsoor and Kannamangala areas had come to a standstill as most workers had gone home for the festival. On Monday, he was rushing to deliver boulders to customers,\" said another villager.Unmanned GateThe unmanned level crossing was the main reason for the accident . \"Though work on the gate has been completed, it's not yet commissioned by the railways,\" said a villager. The sound of the collision was heard by people working in nearby fields and they rushed to the spot. \"I saw the truck smashed into two and both drivers dead,\" said eyewitness Mune Gowda.Police said the MEMU engine unit was so delicate that the impact damaged the front portion and the loco pilot was crushed. Railway guard Chandrashekhar said the train came to a sudden halt. \"I fell in my cabin when the driver Suresh slammed the brakes. I heard a huge noise. I can't believe that Suresh, my colleague for over three years, is no more,\" he said.Police said the truck driver was to blame. \"Passengers said the engine driver kept hooting but the truck driver did not pay any attention. Some of the boulders from the fell on the train engine and the loco pilot was flung out due to the collision,\" Devanahalli police told TOI.Owner UntracedPolice had a tough time tracing the owner of the truck (registration number KA 30-5717 ). \"It was registered in Uttara Karnataka and belongs to a sand merchant in Bagalur. Another driver called Razak drove it regularly,\" locals told police.On the tracksUnmanned level crossingsBangalore division128Bangalore CityNonePrevious IncidentsFour persons were killed and three injured after Mumbai-Bangalore Kurla Express hit a mini-bus at an unmanned level crossing near Chandapura on the outskirts of Bangalore on August 31, 2005. The driver had stopped the bus at the crossing and was waiting for the train to pass, but passengers forced him to proceed. Just when he moved the vehicle, the train came at high speed and rammed into the bus, crushing it.A couple miraculously escaped with injuries on January 21, 2009 morning at the railway line, under Lingarajapuram flyover. Pinchu and wife Shilpa were trying to cross the tracks in a car when the rear wheel got stuck. A train approached , and the couple couldn't get out in time. The train hit the car and dragged it along for 15-20 metre, before coming to a halt. Passersby broke open the window panes and yanked the couple out to safety.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12422459", "title": "Question paper leak queen-pin on the run", "text": "BANGALORE: Investigations into the recent II PU question paper leak that derailed the examination schedule have hotted up as the queen-pin of the racket, Shashikala, was traced to Kolar, sources said.But the lecturer who moonlighted as realtor before masterminding the question paper leak racket gave a CCB and CID team pursuing her the slip on Sunday evening.'' She visited a friend's house in Kolar on Sunday morning. She had used the mobile of her friend's husband helping police track her down. But when they reached Kolar in the evening she had fled,'' the sources said.Physics Exam TodayWith the rescheduled II PU exams kickstarting with Physics subject on Tuesday, fraudsters continued to cash in on the fears of vulnerable students and collected huge sums of money after promising to produce leaked question papers.However, no copy of leaked question papers of any impending subject had made its appearance till late in the night.In Raichur, authorities used a girl as a decoy to expose the massive question paper leak racket.The girl was sent to Lucky Cyber Cafe located in Mavinakere, in the heart of Raichur city. '' The girl was approached by a man near the cyber cafe. He agreed to sell her a question paper for an upcoming subject for Rs 10,000 and took Rs 5,000 as advance,'' deputy commissioner MV Savithri said.Later, a special team led by Savithri and superintendent of police SK Bisnahalli raided the cyber centre, detained two men and seized computers and hard disks suspected to have been used by the racketeers.Police sources said that preliminary investigations revealed that a stranger had downloaded a few mails from Kolar, Mulbagil and Mandya at the cyber centre. The police also raided two rooms in a lodge on Mantralaya Road and seized a computer and other material from there. Anticipating the raid, racketeers are believed to have left behind the computer and fled.Speaking to TOI, Savithri said that they are retrieving the mails that were sent and received from the hard-discs . '' We are sure that question papers have been downloaded from here,'' Savithri told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12422749", "title": "Kingfisher grounds operations from city", "text": "LUCKNOW: Facing acute financial crunch, the Kingfisher Airlines grounded its flights operations from the city, leaving hundreds of passengers in a lurch on Monday. Lucknow airport director, Atul Dikshit confirmed that the airline had given verbal information of suspending its operations \"till further orders''.The airline operated two flights each to Mumbai and Delhi from Lucknow on a daily basis carrying nearly 600 passengers to the two metros. However, with its operations being suspended, the load of passengers is set to pass on to other private airlines which may find the right opportunity to jack up their fares.Not surprisingly, the fares are already breaching Rs 7,000-mark for Mumbai. While, Indigo's 6E-445 is charging around Rs 7,200 per ticket, Air India is having its fares raised to around Rs 7,600, as against between Rs 4500 and Rs 6000 on normal days. Likewise, the Indigo (6E-161) and Jetlite (S2-4243) flights to Delhi are charging over Rs 4,000 per ticket. In normal course, the fare for Delhi-bound flights remains in the range of Rs 2500 to Rs 3300. The crisis was threatening to deepen further following the government's indication of raising the rates of aviation fuel.Already, the service charge has been increased by 2% which would come into effect in the new financial year.Airport Authority of India (AAI) officials also said that the airline had been barred from using the Lucknow airport till it cleared its dues. For the past one week, the airline has been using the 'cash-and-carry' method to use the airport. Under this, the airline was asked to pay its current dues before any of its aircraft took off from Lucknow airport. Until now, the airline was allowed to operate on a credit basis. But a dwindling financial situation left very little options and the airlines turned into a repeated defaulter.A senior AAI official said that an airline was supposed to pay for various charges like service charge, passenger facilitation charge (PFC) and air navigation charge. \"They do charge passengers for this but they never paid the airport,'' the official said. Kingfishers officials in Lucknow, however, refused to comment saying that they were not authorized to speak on the issue. TOI tried to contact Kingfishers officials in Delhi on the phone and text messages but even that did not yield any response.According to reports, the Union civil aviation minister Ajit Singh had cautioned the airline that it must play by the rules and pay its tax arrears. Earlier, the airline had suspended all its seven flights from Kolkata for nine days beginning March 19. The airlines last week had also decided to suspend all international flights from March 25 and further curtail domestic operations even as government warned the carrier that its flying licence could be cancelled if it failed to meet safety norms.The airline has already told the office of the director general of civil aviation last week that it would be suspending its international operations as they were no more on International Air Transport Association (IATA) platforms. And this aggravated the crisis even further as Kingfisher was in no position to pass on its passengers to other carriers. So, the passengers had no other option but to cancel their ticket and book it afresh in other airlines.Tour operators, however, insist that the airlines had been informing the passengers much in advance of its flights being suspended. \"It was very much planned,'' said Lucknow based tour operator, Prateek Heera.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12420763", "title": "Waste pile outside stand irks MSRTC", "text": "NASHIK: Vexed by the lack of attention from the Nashik Municipal Corporation's (NMC) sanitary division towards the issue of garbage being dumped behind the office of the Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC)'s Nashik Road station, MSRTC officials finally burnt the trash pile down. \"We have informed NMC officials on their grievances redressal cell numbers far too often, but all those efforts didn't bear fruit,\" said Ashok Dusane, MSRTC's stand in-charge for the Nashik Road area.The empty space near the cabin of the ST in-charge, Nashik Road depot, which is adjacent to the Nashik Road railway station, is being used as a garbage dump by every one travelling from or to the railway station. Vendors and hawkers often throw refuse or used material near this stop, and taxi and autorickshaw drivers have also started throwing refuse there. At night, beggars, taxi and autorickshaw drivers and even passengers use this badly-lit space as a urinal and also dump food here, an official from the MSRTC said. The official added that the officials from the Nashik Road MSRTC stand have met NMC officials from time-to-time but that has not been helpful.When asked whether ghantagadis were effective in clearing out the waste once in a while, Dusane said that the ghantagadis pick up everything that is piled up at one place by an MSRTC sweeper. \"However, the refuse lying behind the cabin is not picked up despite complaints. The windows in the cabin are for ventilation, but since foul smell, insects and mosquitoes get direct entry from there, the windows are never opened,\" said Dusane.Meena Handore, divisional officer, Nashik Road, simply pointed a finger at the divisional sanitary inspector over the issue. \"There have been some complaints. The sanitary inspector is looking into it,\" Handore said.Divisional sanitation inspector T D Rathod said that it was the responsibility of the ST employees and the rail employees to keep the campus clean and that the ghantagadis pick up whatever is piled at one place. When he was told that the garbage was piled up in the area behind the office, and that it was creating health problems for passengers, Rathod agreed to look into the matter.The space near the cabin of the ST in-charge, Nashik Road depot, which is adjacent to the Nashik Road railway station, is being used as a garbage dump by every one travelling from or to the railway station. At night, beggars, taxi and auto drivers use the space as a urinal, an MSRTC official said", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12422579", "title": "20 projects in pipeline for water", "text": "Chief minister Ashok Gehlot in his budget speech on Monday announced funds for 20 major water projects which would be completed in three years' time starting this financial year.The state government has made a budget allocation of Rs 3,796 crore for the projects. They will provide drinking water in Barmer, Jaisalmer, Pali, Jodhpur, Bharatpur, Nagaur, Ajmer, Baran, Kota, Jhalawar, Bikaner, Jaipur, Churu, Jhunjhunu and Tonk districts.Gehlot said that feasibility survey would be conducted to provide water to Alwar from Chambal river. Besides, for providing water to Bundi from Chambal, the state government will provide Rs 80 crore to lay down transmission pipeline with the help of Nabard. Also, the government will provide Rs 473 crore for bringing Chambal water to Bhilwara after laying down transmission pipeline.Gehlot said that in the next financial year, drinking water will be made available in 7,500 schedule caste dominated villages, 300 scheduled tribe dominated villages and 120 minority dominated villages.Also, to deal with the excessive amount of fluoride in drinking water, the state government would install de-fluoridation units in 10,000 villages. He said so far 5,300 villages have been covered and in the next year all the 10,000 villages will be covered completely under the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12422472", "title": "Patwari commits suicide, was caught taking bribe", "text": "INDORE: The patwari who was caught taking bribe from a farmer four days ago, allegedly committed suicide by consuming pesticides in Maksi on Monday. He reportedly consumed sulphas and when his condition started deteriorating, he was rushed to government hospital in Shajapur, where he breathed his last.Amit Rathore probably told doctors that he had consumed sulphas. Tablets of sulphas were also found in his pocket, Shajapur Kotwali police inspector Salim Khan said, adding investigation was on to find out if there was any other reason which forced him to take the extreme step.Special establishment of police (Lokayukta) had caught Amit red-handed while he was accepting a bribe of Rs 2,500 from a farmer for releasing his land diary in Ujjain on Wednesday. Earlier, Amit Rathore had demanded a bribe of Rs 5,000 from Dinesh Singh for releasing the updated diary of his piece of farm land. He had later agreed to accept the bribe in two instalments of Rs 2,500 each. Meanwhile, Dinesh approached the Lokayukta police, who laid a trap for the government official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12422432", "title": "Govt is working on foolproof Pre-university system", "text": "Karnataka will put in place a new foolproof system from next year to avert all possibilities of question paper leaks. \"Our immediate priority is now to conduct the rescheduled exams without giving way to any untoward incident,\" said primary and secondary education minister Vishveshwara Hegde Kageri on Monday.Replying to a debate on the recent PU question paper leaks in both the Houses, Kageri said the government will first wait for the investigation report from Criminal Investigation Department (CID) and later work on the new foolproof system based on its findings. \"The normal course is question papers are transported in a container from the printing press. They will be kept in district treasury and only in the morning of that particular examination , papers are sent to exam centres,'' he said. The minister added that even the valuation centres will be kept under strict vigil from this year.Kageri said he was impressed with the suggestion of former primary and secondary education minister and JD(S) member Basavaraj Horatti, who has suggested that the PU department should go virtual to eliminate the risk of a leak. \"Question papers should be transmitted online, which will do away with the process of physically distributing papers. Principals and staff would have access to the question paper only 30 minutes before the exam,\" Horatti said. To access the paper , Horatti added that the principal should receive a password on his or her mobile phone shortly before the scheduled start of the exam. Staff would then have to enter the password simultaneously on three computers to access the question paper. Once downloaded, he said, the question paper would be printed on high-speed printers and distributed to candidates. Ban private tuitions: The opposition Congress and JD(S) demanded a blanket ban on private tuitions suspecting their role in the paper leaks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12425661", "title": "Agitating jewellers burn effigy of fin min", "text": "KANPUR: Annoyed with the decision of the Central government of hiking the excise duty on the items of gold and silver, the jeweller fraternity of the city under the banner of Uttar Pradesh Sarafa Association took out a symbolic death procession of the Union Finance Minister on Monday and confined the effigy to flames.Jewellers from across the city and belonging to different jewellery markets participated in the protest. Members of Akhil Bharatiya Swarnkar Vikas Parishad, Dakshin Chetra Sarafa Committee, Beconganj Swarnkar Sangh and others took part in the campaign at Bada Chauraha.The jewellers began their possession from Nayaganj and passed through various localities including Generalganj, Kahukothi, Ghumni Bazar, Maniram Bagiya, Chowk Sarafa, Dhobi Mohal, Meston Road to finally reach Bada Chauraha.It was at Bada Chauraha that the effigy of Union Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee was burnt. The jewellers raised anti-government slogans and said their protest would continue for an indefinite period.On Tuesday, the city jewellers would gather at Beri Chauraha in Beconganj to again burn an effigy of th finance minister.The jewellers remained firm on their demand of rolling back of the hiked excise duty on the gold and silver items. The jewellers pledged that they would continue with their strike till the time the hiked excise duty was taken back.Hundreds of jewellers reached the venue and pledged to remain united on the issue. It was the 10th day of their strike on Monday. As a result, no trading could take place.The jewellers present during the protest said the excise and custom duties imposed on the jewellery industry would directly harm the customers who would end up paying more for the jewellery items.The agitated jewellers said a customer would have to pay Rs 1,400 extra on purchase of every 10 gm of gold.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "12422026", "title": "Meet on child labour", "text": "GUMLA: The labour department in Gumla on Monday organized a seminar on eradication of child labour from the district. The objective of the first such meet was to create awareness on the subject.Inaugurating the seminar, DDC Punai Oraon expressed concern over the problem and asked for constituting a task force to keep an eye on the menace besides opening the closed NCPL schools in the district.The children who are engaged as child labourers need to be uplifted to join the main stream.Secretary of the district legal aid authority S C Jaiswal urged people to come forward to root out the social ill in which hapless children are forced to work instead of going to schools. He also briefed the gathering about the legal provisions with regard to employing children in different jobs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "12421496", "title": "Newly wed youngster lands behind bars for fake age proof", "text": "SIRSA: In a setback to a young couple, police have booked a Sirsa resident for allegedly producing fake age certificate of his girlfriend in the court to get married.Acting on the complaint of girl's mother, police arrested of Pawan Kumar, 22, a resident of Sirsa. But the girl on Monday said in the court that she did not want to return to her parents' homes.\"My parents came to know about our love story. My family members held me captive in the house,\" she told the court, which sent her to Nari Niketan.Pawan Kumar had fallen in love with the daughter of a social activist. They decided to flee from their houses on March 20, said sources. Next day, they reached the court and registered their marriage by showing their age proofs. But when they came home as a wedded couple, the girl's parents refused to accept them.Reporting the matter to police, her parents said their daughter was underage and Pawan had produced fake age proof to get married. \"My daughter was born in 1995 not in 1992,\" her mother told police adding that her daughter was just 17-year-old. \"Not only this, she has not passed her 10+2 yet as claimed by Pawan,\" she added. The boy has been booked on the charges of fraud and inducing woman to compel for marriage.\"We will probe the matter,\" said Ravi Kumar, investigating officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12421581", "title": "BJP must clear its stand on Rajoana: Jakhar", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Leader of opposition Sunil Jakhar on Monday severely criticized the BJP for keeping silent on the Rajoana death penalty row, even as its major alliance partner Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD) found an unlikely support in the Congress to file the clemency petition for former CM Beant Singh's assassin.\"When the Congress as opposition has already announced its stand, what's stopping the BJP from doing so. Are they afraid that their so-called policy on terrorism and terrorists will be weakened,\" Jakhar asked reporters.The Abohar MLA said that his party had no objection in supporting the government on the Rajoana row but the government must also unequivocally accept that the terrorism by hardliners took lives of several innocent people.\"What about the other 25,000 Hindus who were killed during the terrorism days. The government must spare a thought about those who were killed by the terrorists those days,\" said Jakhar.Earlier, Jakhar, who has recently been picked as the Congress Legislature Party (CLP) leader, took the chief minister Parkash Badal to task on issues ranging from the governor's address to the incumbent party's manifesto.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12421705", "title": "Ambati blames Acharya for tweaking rates", "text": "HYDERABAD: Ambati Rambabu, the YSR Congress spokesperson who was chairman of APIIC from February 2005 to February 2007, has blamed BP Acharya, the then MD of the corporation, for having set the dirt cheap rates at which villa plots were given away in the Emaar scam.For the record , the official price of these villa plots was shown as a mere Rs 5,000 per square yard whereas the prevailing market rate was over Rs 50,000 per square yard.The CBI, in its probe into the scam, had earlier recorded Ambati's statement. \"The issue pertaining to the marketing and selling of villa plots was never discussed by the APIIC board. Rather it was not brought to the notice of the APIIC board by the VC and MD (Acharya).\"Acharya was nominated by the state to the board of EHTPL, the special purpose vehicle for the project. So, he must be aware of the rates at which these plots were being sold. This issue should have been brought to the notice of the APIIC board by Acharya that a collective decision might have been taken by the board,\" Ambati said in his statement to CBI.The former APIIC chairman also told CBI that although MGF's entry as co-developer occurred during his tenure - in November 2006 - the issue came to his notice only upon expiry of his term, in February 2007.Botsa blames it on KV Rao: PCC chief Botsa Satyanarayana, who was part of the YS Rajasekhara Reddy regime as minister for major industries between May 2004 and July 2005, blamed KV Rao, the then principal secretary for industries, for not fixing lease rentals for 235 acres of land for the golf course in accordance with the minutes of official meetings.Although it was agreed that lease rental would be collected at 2% of gross annual revenue for the first 33 years and at 3% for the next 33 years, the same was not reflected in the GO (GO Ms No. 22) issued on January 27, 2005. Only 2% lease rental was fixed for the entire 66 years. \"It is believed that KV Rao issued this GO at his prerogative without referring the matter to me or to the chief minister. In the normal course, a GO rectifying the error should have been issued, which was not done in this case\", minister Botsa said in his statement.However, at one stage, he blamed TDP for according the 'status of a tourism project to the Emaar project which might have resulted in concessions to Emaar' when it was in power. As to why the land value had not been increased to Rs 40 lakh per acre in 2005 from the Rs 29 lakh fixed in 2002, the minister said that both the then APIIC MD and principal secretary of industries are to be blamed for going ahead with the old rate.\"I went by the recommendations of the APIIC MD and industries secretary, which was later approved by the finance minister and the chief minister,\" Botsa said in his statement.Brahmani got two plots at throwaway price: Brahmani, daughter-in-law of TDP president N Chandrababu Naidu, got two villa plots that together add up to 2,440 square yards and are worth Rs 12.5 crore for just Rs 1.2 crore. Although the process started as early as 2007, the registration of the sale agreement at the Serilingampalli sub-registrar's office was done in March 2010, exactly six months after the demise of YS Rajasekhara Reddy.The payments were made from the joint account of Brahmani and her mother Nandamuri Vasundhara at the rate of Rs 5,000 per square yard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12421297", "title": "SC refuses to summon Narendra Modi in Gujarat riot cases", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday refused to entertain a petition seeking summoning of Gujarat CM Narendra Modi by Justice Nanavati Commission inquiring into the 2002 riots.A bench of Justices D K Jain and A R Dave, which last Friday had withdrawn notices to Gujarat government and Nanavati panel on the appeal filed by a NGO, told senior advocate Colin Gonsalves that the apex court could not interfere in the procedure adopted by a Commission of Inquiry and the persons it should summon for examination.Refusing to entertain the petition filed on behalf of 'Jan Sangharsh Manch', the bench said, \"It is for the Commission to devise its own procedure and decide whom it should summon for questioning in connection with its probe. We do not decide cases on basis of personalities... we can't interfere till the final report is submitted.\"Disapproving the petitioner's prayers, the court said granting relief on its plea could amount to \"judicial overreach\" and seriously hinder the functioning of any inquiry commission. Gonsalves said though the Nanavati panel had been functioning for last 10 years, it was yet to submit its report.But, the bench said there were other commissions who have taken 15 years to submit their reports, which are gathering dust. Though the court did not name any commission, Justice Liberhan Commission inquiring into demolition of disputed Babri Masjid/Ram Janambhoomi structure at Ayodhya submitted its report in 2009 lasting 16 years and 399 sittings, for which it needed its term to be extended 48 times.Earlier, the Nanavati Commission and the Gujarat HC had also rejected the NGO's plea in the absence of sufficient material.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "12426011", "title": "Government office timings changed in Kashmir valley", "text": "SRINAGAR: With the end of winters, the Jammu and Kashmir government has changed the working hours of all the offices in the valley with effect from April one.The working hours in all government institution, except schools, will be from 10.00am to 4.00pm with effect from April 1, divisional commissioner Kashmir Asgar Samoon said in his orders passed yesterday.The new timings shall remain in force till October 31. All heads of departments, offices and institutions were directed to ensure strict adherence of the new office timings, an official spokesman said.During winter months, the office hours in government offices of the Kashmir Valley are from 10.30 AM to 4.30pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12420218", "title": "Jewellers on indefinite strike over excise duty", "text": "NAGPUR: The jewellers struggle against government's got worse with an indefinite strike being announced now against budget proposals to bring this sector within central excise net and also increasing the customs duty on import of gold. The budget proposes to bring even the unbranded jewellery into the central excise fold. The decision on nationwide indefinite strike was confirmed by president of the local guild Nagpur Sarafa Association Kishore Dharashivkar late in the evening.Although opposing customs duty hike makes more business sense, since the levy charged on imports increases the basic cost, it is the paltry 1% excise duty which has left them agitated. The jewellers allege excise duty will only bring back inspector raj.The explanatory notes to the budget however, stress on a trade-friendly implementation of this scheme.However, sources in trade as well as the government suggest that there is a completely different reason behind the protests. Introducing excise is expected to bring down unaccounted transactions in gold. Once within the duty net, a detailed record will have to be maintained along with filing of returns. The jeweller lobby rebuts these claims by saying that a large number of them are not educated enough, and filing of returns may become a complex affair.Sources in this business however do not rule out a grey market for gold. Although the metal is imported by paying full customs duty, transactions down the line often take place in cash and are not accounted for.The common modus operandi is to distribute the sale in smaller amounts attributed to various fictitious names, which are difficult to track down, said a source. Often a large quantum of gold sales go untracked due to this practice, said a source in the excise department. The basic objective behind this is to evade income tax. Sales made without giving bills to customers at a lower rate are also not new in the jewellery business.Curiously, the protesting jewellers are mainly opposing the paper work which will follow the imposition of excise duty. As it is an indirect tax, it will not have any impact on their profits, since the cost will be passed on to the buyer.Purshottam Kawale of Maharashtra Swarnkar Sanstha says, \"We don't mind a higher customs duty but excise is likely to throw small players out of business, as it will curb volumes.\" Other jewellers claimed that small artisans too will have to be registered.A quick glance at the explanatory notes paints a different picture, however. It says the 1% duty will be charged on only 30% of the total invoiced value. An exemption of 1.5 crore is available to small scale industries (SSIs), which are units where 30% of the total invoiced value is within 4 crore in the preceding year. This means units with total turnover of around 13 crore can get the exemption.On the claim by jewellers that even artisans who take up job work will have to be registered and file returns, the explanatory notes say that they have been expressly exempted from this liability. A single page form is prescribed for the returns.The powers of arrest by excise officials is also one of the major apprehensions for the industry, added lawyer SN Kapoor.Advocating a strict control Shahid Sharif, a consumer activist, said, \"The money lending activities by jewellers should be controlled, as often they charge much more than the regulated 18% interest.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12425348", "title": "Nawazuddin Siddiqui triggers off release race", "text": "This isn't the first time that the brilliant actor Nawazuddin Siddiqui has made a deep impact. In Kabir Khan's \" New York \" and Nandita Das's \"Firaaq\" Nawazuddin was singled out by every moviegoer for his resonant portrayals.He's done it again in Sujoy Ghosh's \" Kahaani\". But this time Nawazuddin's turn as a volatile intelligence officer has willy-nilly triggered off a corporate war between two production houses in whose next project Nawazuddin plays an important role.In Farhan Akhtar and Ritesh Sidhwani's production of \" Talaash\" Nawazuddin is cast in the role of middleman who is a prime witness in the murder of a pimp in the red-light area. Nawazuddin claims it's a pivotal role.But how pivotal can Nawazuddin be in a film that stars Aamir? In Wasseypur which comes in two parts Nawazuddin is cast in the pivotal role in Part 2. He plays a role akin to Michael Corleone in \"The Godfather\". Viacom 18 are looking at \" Gangs Of Wasseypur\" as the Nawazuddin's true launch as a leading man.The young actor from a crime-infested village of Uttar Pradesh is only too happy to bask in the sudden attention. As he prepared to leave for Himachal Pradesh for a new film where he plays the lead Nawazuddin diplomatically endorsed his role in both \"Talaash\" and \"Gangs Of Wasseypur\" as important.\"Although \"Talaash\" stars Aamir Saab I've the other most important role along with Kareena Kapoor. And to share screen space with Aamir Saab was a pleasure. Yes,I'm the central character in \"Gangs Of Wasseypur\". I don't know what plans the producers have for me. But it's a big leap ahead for me. So far my performances have been noticed in small parts. Footage nahin milti. \"Kahaani\" has changed that. I am one of the central characters. And I'm delighted to be noticed.\"Nawazuddin's parents who are now in Dehra Dun with his brothers saw \"Kahaani\" in the small city. \"My Ammi was just happy to see me in dapper clothes for a change. For too long she would complain I was always being cast as street-level characters. I think she would also be very pleased to see in \"Gangs Of Wasseypur\" where I'm again dressed to kill.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12423260", "title": "Cops undergo coaching to improve policing", "text": "VADODARA: The next time you are packing your bags for vacations, you may receive a call from a policeman seeking details of duration of the tour and security measures taken by you. Policemen posted in the city, including those at constabulary level, are currently being trained to improve their information base and reach out to public. The idea behind the move is to increase the crime detection rate and monitor the areas that come under local police's jurisdiction.The cops of constable and head constable rank will also be asked to keep regular contact with businessmen, educationists, schools and local people to gather maximum information. To reduce incidents of house break-ins, the constables have been asked to provide their numbers at residential colonies wherein the residents can inform them about their holiday plans or vacant homes in their colonies.City police commissioner Satish Sharma has initiated a training programme for over 2,000 police personnel in the city. The cops are being trained to improve their productivity and focus on work that gets them better results. The training programme includes instructing them on how to behave with complainants, how to talk on telephone and improve relations with public.\"Almost every cop works for over 12 hours a day but what matters at the end of the day is quality of work. We are training the police on how to produce quality work and understand their work profiles. Most of the lower rung cops have faint idea of their work profiles and hence they end up doing wrong jobs,\" said Sharma. The lower rung cops have also been asked to not spend leisure time at roadside tea-stalls or shops as it creates wrong image in the eyes of public.Senior policemen on the other hand will be trained in handling the personnel below them and initiate creative methods to increase productivity in the department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12422034", "title": "Share broker shot dead in Rohini", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 34-year-old share broker was found dead at his rohini sector 17 office in outer Delhi on monday morning. the deceased, identified as ravi goel, bled to death after he was reportedly shot in the head, police said. The incident came to light after Goel's wife went to his office looking for him as he had not returned home the previous night. When she reached his office, she found her husband lying in a pool of blood. She called 100 and informed the police about the incident.After a postmortem was conducted, the police have registered a case of murder against unidentified persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12421905", "title": "4 new DGPs, no promotion for junior officers", "text": "HYDERABAD: Four IPS officers of the 1979 batch were empanelled on Monday to become director generals of police (DGP). This includes Tarini Das, Aruna Bahuguna, B Prasada Rao and Anwar Huda. The empanelment followed the meeting of the departmental promotion committee (DPC) earlier in the day. Of the four, Das would be immediately promoted as DGP with a clear vacancy available against the retirement of M Ratan. The others would be elevated in the next few months as some officers holding the rank of DGPs would retire.However, IPS officers of the 1987 batch, due for promotion to the level of additional DGP, 1994 batch, due for elevation to the level of inspector general of police and 1998 batch, due for promotion to the level of deputy inspector generals of police will have to wait. This is because the DPC for their promotion was not held.Eligible officers are naturally very upset and police officers see the hand of the IAS lobby in stalling their elevation. \"The DPC for IAS officers for the 1987 batch has been held but not for the1987 batch of IPS,\" pointed out a police officer showing the discrimination. \"Nobody knows when the DPC for these officers would be held. This is rather unfortunate,\" he added.Analysts said that this was a turf war between the IAS and IPS lobby with the former specially cut up with DGP Dinesh Reddy because of the clout that he holds with various stake holders in the state. \"This is a thinly veiled effort to make the ranks disenchanted with the chief so that his hold over the force is less effective,\" said an analyst who has observed bureaucratic turf wars closely. He added that this would act as a dampener for the police force at a time when the government needs to use it effectively to curb trouble erupting in many places. Present DGP include Dinesh Reddy- who is head of the police force - A Shivasankar and Umesh Kumar. Meanwhile, the IAS lobby is eying the post of director general of vigilance and enforcement that is traditionally headed by a police officer. Dinesh Reddy, before he became the head of police force, was holding that position. Presently, the post has fallen vacant with the retirement of M Ratan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12425225", "title": "After Brahmaputra, China may target Sutlej, says Tibetan leader", "text": "GUWAHATI: Taking a dig at China for occupying Tibet and \"undertaking policies against the interest of people there\", home minister of the Tibetan government-in-exile, Gyari Dolma, on Monday termed the coming visit of Chinese premier Hu Jintao as the arrival of a \"monster\" in India.She was speaking at a seminar on the theme \"Tibet and the Himalayan Environment and Ecology\" organized by the Core Group for Tibetan Cause, New Delhi, in the city. \"We seek the support of people of the northeastern region of India in the liberation struggle launched by the people of Tibet. It's up to the Indian government whether to welcome Hu Jintao or oppose his proposed visit. But I will say a monster is coming to India,\" said Dolma.The Chinese premier is scheduled to visit India on Wednesday to attend the two-day BRICS (Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa) summit.She described the claims made by the Chinese government over the Tibet Autonomous Region as claims over Indian territories as well. \"The Tibet Autonomous Region map drawn by China also includes integral parts of India like Tawang in Arunachal Pradesh,\" said Dolma. Coming down heavily on Hu, Dolma said it was Hu who imposed martial law in Tibet to deter pro-independence demonstrations.\"Hu Jintao is the most dangerous hydrologist in the world. The Chinese plans to divert water at the source of the rivers in Tibet are going to have an adverse affect on 47 million people in the world. The Chinese government, without any hesitation, has decided to stop the flow of the Brahmaputra in Tibet to take water to northern China. Its policies will make flow of waters of important rivers like Sutlej irregular,\" said Dolma.She expressed grief over the incident of self-immolation by a pro-independence activist for the cause of the Tibetan liberation movement in Delhi on Monday. National co-convener of the Core Group for the Tibetan Cause, Vijay Kranti, accused the Chinese government of turning the environment in Tibet into Hun environment by cutting trees in large numbers.\"The construction of roads, railway routes and deployment of Army by the Chinese government in Tibet is a serious cause of concern. Today, China has built infrastructure in Nepal to reach India any moment. The Chinese government is using Tibet as a launching pad against India and the neighbouring countries,\" said Kranti.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12421853", "title": "Nurses go on relay hunger strike", "text": "KOCHI: The agitating nurses at Lakeshore Hospital began a relay hunger strike on Monday.Five nurses - Bibin P Chacko, Jane K Baby, Joy P, Soumya and Smitha - started the fast, while activist Jyothi Narayanan inaugurated it.The agitators also took out a march before starting the fast. Around 200 nurses are on strike seeking implementation of the offers made in the agreement between the nurses union and the hospital.The strike, under the auspices of the United Nurses Association, entered its fifteenth day on Monday. The management said they had not violated any terms in the agreement signed under the mediation of labour minister Shibu Baby John on February 12, as a solution to the first strike.\"The revised salary was paid to all nurses before February 29, but a section of them gave notice for strike on February 26 without checking these facts. After the strike began, 69 of them realized their mistake and rejoined duty,\" stated a hospital press release. Not a single nurse who went on strike had been suspended, the management said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12425055", "title": "Bhansali asks Ranveer not to watch Guzaarish", "text": "Ranveer Singh who's laid up with an injured back for at least a month is spending his time in bed preparing for his next role as a Gujarati lover-boy in Sanjay Leela Bhansali's Ram Leela, and catching up with all the films that he has always wanted to see but was never able to find time for.When Ranveer asked his director Sanjay Leela Bhansali which films to see, Bhansali said, 'Watch anything but not my Guzaarish, please.'Guzaarish stars Hrithik Roshan as a paraplegic. The joke was well taken and both Ranveer and Sanjay Bhansali had a long and hearty laugh over that one.Jokes aside, a source explains, \"Ram Leela is an epic musical rendering of Romeo &amp; Juliet with loads of dancing and singing. With Ranveer's only other project Lootera postponed indefinitely he is concentrating on Ram Leela. He has been reading and re-reading the script, getting familiar with his character of Ram.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12421735", "title": "Residents escape building fire", "text": "HYDERABAD: A two-storied residential complex was gutted on Monday in a major fire accident at a chemical storage unit in Jeedimetla's Subhash Nagar. Fifty cans of chemical solvents stored in the ground floor of the building caused an explosion.The cause of fire is being investigated, but fire officers at the site said that the friction caused between the solvent and the containers could have set off the spark.The incident occurred at around 7.30 am when most of the inhabitants on the first and second floors were asleep. The first few containers exploded to alert the inhabitants who made their escape by jumping onto the roof of an adjacent building. No injuries were reported although the building was found to have developed cracks. Fire officials said that the building might collapse any time due to this.\"The timely decision to escape through the terrace saved their lives,\" said a Petbasheerabad police official. The proprietor of the unit is Devram Chowdhury who stayed in the first floor of the building. The unit, which has been running from the same premises for seven years now, does not have a licence, alleged police officials.Four fire tenders from the Jeedimetla, Sanatnagar and Petbasheerabad fire stations were pressed into service to control the fire which could be completely doused only at around 5pm.\"We were able to control the fire by 11.30am but flames kept flaring up as we tried to secure the place,\" said a fire officer. The chemical solvents were highly volatile and, hence, it was not easy to control the fire, officials said.The building is surrounded by residential and commercial complexes and many shopowners and neighbours, too, were forced to move to safety.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12420654", "title": "Patients bear the brunt", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Yusuf Khan Bhelim, 59, a railway station master working in Bhavnagar slipped while climbing down the stairs and suffered a spinal cord injury on Friday night. Since the increased spinal cord swelling caused loss of movement in limbs, Bhelim was taken to the Bhavnagar Civil Hospital but his relatives say that he was not treated adequately as all the senior doctors were on strike.Many poor and middle class patients were suffering as they were forced to look for treatment elsewhere as medical treatment was compromised in government colleges.\"We waited there for some hours but when no treatment was available, we realised that we had become victims of the medical teachers' strike. We brought our father to Sterling Hospital as we knew that super-specialised care would be elusive in Ahmedabad's Civil Hospital as well,\" says his son Yusuf.Despite coming from a middle class family of limited means, Yusuf, a student, now stares at a medical bill touching lakh rupees. \"The bill has already touched Rs 50,000 and doctors say my father will have to be hospitalised for few more days for total recovery. While the doctors are striking for their pay hikes, middle class families like us are suffering,\" said Yusuf. The strike continued for the fifth day on Monday. Secretary of Gujarat Medical Teachers Association (GMTA) J C Makwana said that there were no attempts by the health department to resolve their issue and end the strike at the earliest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12422032", "title": "India Meteorological Department forecasts fall in max temperature", "text": "PUNE: The maximum temperature is likely to fall by one or two degrees Celsius in the next two days owing to the formation of clouds over the city on Monday, said officials from the India Meteorological Department (IMD) here.On the other hand, the minimum temperature is expected to increase by two to three degrees Celsius, the officials said. The minimum temperature was recorded at 15.7 degrees Celsius while the maximum temperature was 38.6 degrees Celsius on Monday.Medha Khole, IMD's deputy director general of meteorology (weather forecasting), told TOI, \"The formation of clouds is mainly due to the development of a cyclonic circulation over the West Bengal and neighbourhood areas.\"\"A trough induced by this cyclonic circulation extends up to south India and across central India. Cloudiness over this region has occurred because of the trough,\" she said. \"It is under the influence of this system that the minimum temperature will rise and the maximum will go down,\" she added.Khole said, \"We expect this effect to remain across the south Maharashtra for the next two to three days.\"Jalgaon recorded 41.3 degrees Celsius while Satara and Solapur recorded 39.1 degrees Celsius and 39.6 degrees Celsius, respectively. Sangli and Nashik recorded an identical 38.5 degrees Celsius while Kolhapur recoded 38 degrees Celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12422359", "title": "Surplus estimate ends as Rs 2,059cr deficit", "text": "The Maharashtra government's budget estimate for the current fiscal year missed its mark by a mile. While presenting the 2011-2012 budget last year, it had predicted a revenue surplus of Rs 58.21 crore. But five days before the end of the fiscal year, finance minister Ajit Pawar admitted to legislators that the state now anticipated a revenue deficit of about Rs 2,058.71 crore in 2011-12 . The overall fiscal deficit (which includes capital account and borrowings and other liabilities) too was revised from the originally anticipated Rs 678.37 crore to Rs 1,325.34 crore.The admission of the poor financial performance and the slowdown in the economy made political observers wonder if the positive picture painted for the coming fiscal year will also prove illusory . Based on the guidelines of the 13th finance commission, the government has estimated a revenue surplus of Rs 152.49 crore in 2012-13 and an overall fiscal deficit of Rs 1,159.69 crore. It has also estimated the revenue income to rise from Rs 1,25,312 crore in 2011-12 to Rs 1,36,712 crore in 2012-13 . Observers however doubt that a rise of about 10% in revenue income can be realized.The financial statement tabled by Pawar on Monday shows where the figures fell short of the state's expectations in 2011-12 . In at least nine of the 26 revenue earnings heads, set targets could not be met. With the real estate market remaining sluggish, the stamp and registration department's revenue missed the estimated figure by Rs 1,676 crore-it was expected to generate Rs 15,677.14 crore but ended up collecting Rs 14,000.88 crore. The revenue side also suffered on account of non-receipt of 1,120 crore from the Centre as assistance for housing and urban development projects under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission. While the state expected Rs 8,077 crore as central funding for such projects, the Union government released only Rs 6,957 crore. Due to non-realisation of income through sale of FSI, another Rs 708 crore could not be collected. High liquor prices meant that the excise department fell short of its target by Rs 254 cr.The saving grace was the sales tax department, which not only met its target but also collected about 9% extra. Against a target of Rs 46,000 crore, the department is anticipated to collect Rs 50,000 crore. Pawar attributed the boon to the computerization and modernization of the department and drives against hawala operators. Increase of grant-in-aid for Union government-sponsored schemes also aided the state treasury. Pawar said that additional financial burden-including a Rs 2,000 crore assistance package for cotton, soya bean and paddy farmers , and increased subsidies and grants in the agriculture sector and industry-led to a 4% rise in expenditure. By casting a wider tax net, Pawar plans to mop up an additional Rs 600 crore in 2012-13 .While chief minister Prithviraj Chavan praised Pawar for tabling a \"balanced budget\" , opposition leader Eknath Khadse dismissed it. He alleged that the state treasury was bankrupt and the state was being run on funds received from the Centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "12423119", "title": "\u2018Ah, we thought Bihar has changed\u2019", "text": "DHANBAD: Sadhan Banerjee, neighbour of the Barnwals in Dhanbad, is shaken. \"We thought law and order has improved in Bihar which has changed for the better. But we were wrong,\" a deeply disturbed Banerjee said as he berated police and policing in the state.According to Banerjee, the Barnwals' house was locked as everyone left for Jamui on hearing the tragic news. \"My neighbours planned the family picnic at Rajgir because they believed police, not criminals, ruled the roost in Bihar now. They left on Saturday morning in their Alto car. Ah, what a horrible price they paid only hours later for this wrong notion!\" Banerjee said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12422337", "title": "Coal block auctions to kick off by June", "text": "MUMBAI: The government is gearing up to hold the first round of coal block auctions in the second quarter of 2012. This will throw up 50 coal blocks for grabs immediately , Union coal minister Sriprakash Jaisawal was quoted as saying by news agencies on Monday.On March 22, TOI had front-paged a draft report of the Comptroller and Auditor General which stated that public and private commercial entities had reaped windfall gains of Rs 10.67 lakh crore because the government distributed 155 coal blocks to them without auction.The coal ministry has now called for bids from consultants to devise a methodology to fix the floor/reserve price of the blocks to be put up for auction for captive use. On February 2, the ministry had notified rules for auction by competitive bidding and last week asked for applications from domestic as well as international service providers to set up a bid management system for the auction process. The bids will be opened on April 17.The Central Mine Planning and Design Institute , under the aegis of the coal ministry, will rope in consultants for the coal block auctions by mid-April . They will also help the government structure a tender document for the selection of successful bidders, and the model agreement between the government and the successful bidder.Several agencies had earlier called for a process of competitive bids through a transparent auction for handing over precious natural resources to companies in the light of the 2G telecom scam. \"The coal ministry intends to offer captive coal blocks through the bidding route for captive mining of coal for permitted enduse like steel, power and cement sectors notified by the government,\" said the notice inviting tenders for selection of service providers . The hiring of consultants will end by April and based upon their advice, the government may call first bids by the end of June this year. In a gazette notification last month, the government had notified the rules for auction of coal mines through a competitive bidding process called the Auction by Competitive Bidding of Coal Mines Rules 2012. As per this notification, separate bids would be called for government, non-government firms and power projects won through competitive bids.\"The modalities of the auction process are yet to be seen. However, it is expected to draw significant interests from private cement, steel and power firms, besides state-owned SAIL, NTPC and state-utility firms, said an analyst.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12422544", "title": "Bridging urban-rural divide key to beat poverty: APJ Kalam", "text": "INDORE: Bridging urban-rural divide is closely linked with the mission of overcoming poverty and inequity and the need of the hour is evolution of sustainable systems that bring inclusive growth and integrated development to the nations of the world, said former President APJ Abdul Kalam. Addressing the students at the Indian Institute of Management (IIM-I) on the topic of empowering three billion on Monday, he said that a large chunk of the population lives in rural areas. Driven by the need of education, healthcare and better income, the rural populace is migrating to urban areas seeking better opportunities. This leads to creating urban poverty as well as societal turbulence, he said.\"The gap can be filled if sustainable development system such as Provision of Urban Amenities in Rural Areas (PURA) is implemented through connecting villages physically, electronically and with knowledge. This will lead to economic connectivity,\" Kalam said in his address to the students on the second day of visit in the city.He emphasized the 'out of the box thinking' to meet vision of a righteous global order and describing some of the traits required for creative leadership comprising a combination of being a visionary, having a passion to transform, courage to travel unexplored paths and the ability to manage success and failure. He advised the students to work with integrity and succeed with integrity.Urging the students to help nation attain Vision 2020 goals, he said that the role of management graduates was like an \"agent of new economic order.\"\"The Vision 2020 will be fulfilled only if there is no urban-rural divide, where there is equitable distribution of resources is ensured, a nation which is the preferred destination for scholars and where there's good governance,\" said Kalam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "12421028", "title": "Mapusa\u2019s abandoned progress plan back on track", "text": "MAPUSA: The Mapusa civic body chief is planning to peruse the 'comprehensive development plan of Mapusa city'. The plan was proposed when Sudhir Kandolkar was chairperson in 2005 but failed to kick off as the BJP government was toppled then.Kandolkar is back as the new chairperson of the Mapusa Municipal Council (MMC). Riding high on Mapusa MLA Francis D'Souza's support who is also the urban development minister, Kandolkar wants to apply the abruptly-abandoned plan for the development of the town.\"The plan was almost finalized in 2005. This time we will see that the plan is implemented. Mapusa MLA Francis D'Souza and chief minister Manohar Parrikar are also aware of the plan and have extended their full support,\" Kandolkar said.He added that according to the plan, barren agricultural areas or non-used open spaces on the outskirts of Mapusa will be acquired by the government and comprehensive development plans will be prepared according to growth potential.\"Important projects like market, parking facility, Ravindra Bhavan, space for government offices, community hall, joggers park, connecting roads, ring roads, etc, will come up in the acquired land,\" Kandolkar informed.The land owners will be given around 35-45% of the acquired land share so that they can put up their private projects on the same land. They will benefit in terms of ready infrastructure like parking facility, road connectivity, water connectivity provided by the government for thei businesses.\"If we acquire the land, the government offers 100 per sq m and the projects are opposed most of the time. If we offer owners 35-45% share, probably by changing the zones, the resistance for the projects will be less,\" Kandolkar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12422666", "title": "AAI employees get temporary relief as Bombay HC stays eviction order", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay HC on Monday stayed the eviction of employees from their quarters at the Airports Authority of India (AAI) Staff Colony in Sahar , Andheri, for three weeks.A division bench of Justice P B Majmudar and Justice Ramesh Dhanuka was hearing a petition filed by the Indian Airports' Kamgar Union on behalf of the occupants of 226 quarters on 35 acres of land near the airport. The petition said the MIAL cannot alienate assets of the AAI or change user and also, that the quarters are occupied by the serving staff of the AAI and MIAL who are required to stay near the airport and work on emergency service.The union's advocate Gayatri Singh said the agreement on April 4, 2009, between the AAI and MIAL to develop the airport does not call for eviction of staff. \"MIAL has no right to either demolish or create third party rights or change user,'' she said, adding that the AAI has to provide staff quarters for those working within the airport premises.The judges observed that if need be, they will direct the AAI to make available accommodation at market rent elsewhere. MIAL counsel Rafiq Dada submitted that the BMC has given its approval for change of user and all eviction notices are not under challenge in the petition.The judges said since the petition covers interests of retired persons, those currently employed and those who were transferred and whose kin continue to stay at the accommodation , three independent petitions should be filed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12422076", "title": "Power company devises new billing system", "text": "NOIDA: To provide timely information via emails and SMS on billing-related matters to customers who consume more than 25 KW electricity, Paschimanchal Vidyut Vitaran Nigam Limited (PVVNL), the power distribution utility of Noida, has tied up with New Delhi Power Limited (NDPL) to devise an efficient billing system. At present, more than 5,200 power consumers across different categories in Noida have a contractual load limit in excess of 25 KW.These high-volume consumers belong to different categories like industrial, institutional, commercial as well as residential. \"We are making this effort of providing consumers billing information through emails and text SMSes to shift more of them to the online mode of payment,\" said an official of PVVNL. \"It has been noticed that heavy users are not keen in paying bills online. Online payment is not only easy, because it saves the hassles of making visits to the bill payment counters, but it also ensures immediate cash transfer thereby reducing chances of penalties and disconnections,\" he added.Of the 5,200 consumers above the 25-KW bracket, PVVNL has yet to record email IDs and mobile numbers of all. \"It would make matters easy for consumers if they update this information with PVVNL. They can do this by making a single online payment wherein they would be required to fill up their email IDs and cell numbers in the form. This information will then be updated in our database and all further billing information will be sent via the electronic medium,\" said the official.The power distribution company is already sending information through emails to most of its registered customers. However, the new system, which is being devised in association with NDPL, will streamline the existing system. \"Meter reading has already been streamlined by PVVNL after we shifted to the MRI-based reading system from the old manual system. The new billing system will compound and complement the advanced meter reading system that we have put in place,\" said the official.Meter readings of around 3,000 consumers in the above 25KW bracket are taken by the remote system, while for others it is done by attaching a cord to the meter reading machine. \"This ensures that actual consumption is recorded despite faults and tampering with the meters,\" added the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12422236", "title": "BRTS work gathers pace, contractor issued warning", "text": "BHOPAL: The Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) stepped up efforts to finish long-pending work of the Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) corridor, especially the busy road stretch from the Board Office Square to Habibganj under-bridge.The road patch has been under construction for more than year. However, after a report published in the TOI on March 20, more than half of the pending work has been finished in three days. The BMC commissioner said a warning has been issued to the contractor constructing the road. \"The contractors were not serious about the BRTS work. After the publication of the report, I spoke to them and warned that any delay would lead to the blacklisting of the company,\" BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava said.The uneven patch near Pragati petrol pump on Hoshangabad road with more than six inches wide gap between two roads has been levelled.With more than 10,000 vehicles plying on each day, it is one of the busiest roads of the city. Admitting the mismanagement and irresponsibility all these years in the completion of the BRTS corridor, the commissioner also assured that the pending works of the BRTS would be over before the monsoon. The BMC is constructing the 24- km long BRTS corridor from Misrod to Bairagarh.The civic body was supposed to finish the work in February 2011. Later, the deadline was extended to December 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12420741", "title": "15 complaints in two days", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Missing children mania has the city in its grip. On Sunday and Monday alone, the city police received more than 15 complaints from various areas where children had reportedly gone missing. However, most of them were traced by their parents after some legwork.However, in Vatva, a man in thirties was severely beaten up by residents when two local children pointed at him for alleged kidnapping. Police are yet to record his statement in the case.Police said they received a complaint late on Sunday night about catching of a man who allegedly tried to abduct two children from the area. \"Shilu Mohammed Hanif Qureshi, 28, a resident of Bage Kausar, Vatva, told us that his two sons - Sarfaraz and Irfan - were playing at a field near their residence. When Sarfaraz came home, he was not accompanied by Irfan. However, after a while when Irfan arrived, he said that three men clad in burqa tried to abduct him, but he managed to give them the slip. Later, he pointed at a man passing by his residence as the suspect,\" said a Vatva police official.The man, identified as Kalu, was thrashed black and blue by the area residents and was shifted to LG Hospital. Police are yet to record his statement as he has not yet regained consciousness.R K Kumbharwadia, inspector of Vatva police station, told TOI that they suspect the man's role in the entire incident. \"As per local residents, he is a mentally-challenged man and might not have any connection with the case. We are waiting for his statement to proceed further in the case. We've received five calls for abducted children from the same area but eventually, all the children were found,\" he said.Similar calls from areas such as Vejalpur, Juhapura, Rakhial and Ramol kept the city cops on toes. In Vejalpur, parents approached police station after their kids failed to turn up at home two hours after his school got over. Upon search, officials got to know that the kids had been to a nearby games parlour without informing their parents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12421415", "title": "Drunk biker arrested near CM\u2019s house", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee would have had an unsolicited guest in the wee hours of Sunday night had not the cops manning her house detained an inebriated youth, who went to Kalighat to meet the CM with his pleas.The police team deployed to guard the CM's residence spotted a youth loitering on a motorcycle near Mamata's house. At 2am, a sergeant intercepted near Balaram Bose Ghat Road and asked him to show his bike's papers. When the man failed to produce the papers, he was detained and taken to Kalighat police station. \"The person was drunk and couldn't even speak properly,\" said an on-duty officer.During probe, the tippler identified himself as Gautam Mullick. The 30-year-old youth claimed he lives in Shibpur, Howrah, where he runs a milk trade. By daybreak, he was unable to recollect why he had landed at the CM's house.\"At night, he claimed that some persons have been disturbing his trade and his pleas for help to several people had gone unheeded. So he wanted to meet the CM,\" said an officer. Police verified the details given by him with Shibpur police station. \"Shibpur police reverted that the details were true and that Mullick has no criminal antecedence,\" confirmed an officer.In the morning, DC south DP Singh himself probed the matter and asked his officers to prosecute him under the Motor Vehicles Act. Mullick was released after proceedings under the MV Act got over. \"The person was detained for suspicious movement. Following interrogation, nothing wrong was found. He was booked under the MV Act,\" said DP Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12422404", "title": "No strategy in place to rein in govt\u2019s runaway debt burden?", "text": "MUMBAI: When deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar presented budget estimates for 2012-13 , he was expected to announce a comprehensive strategy to reduce the spiralling debt burden . From his speech, though, it appears that the cash-strapped government has no such plan in place.The budget estimates that by the end of financial year 2012-13 , the total debt burden would cross Rs 2.53 lakh crore. Last year, Maharashtra topped the list of debt-ridden states at Rs 2.36 lakh crore. The Reserve Bank of India records show it was highest in the country. Maharashtra was followed by Uttar Pradesh at Rs 2.34 lakh crore; West Bengal, Rs 1.98 lakh crore; Gujarat and Andhra Pradesh, Rs 1.36 lakh crore each; and Tamil Nadu Rs 1.09 lakh crore.Eknath Khadse, leader of the opposition , said it was high time the Congress-NCP government presented a white paper on the state's economy . \"We must know why the debt burden will cross Rs 2.53 lakh crore. We will ask the government to submit specific details to show how such a huge amount was utilized,'' he said. Khadse, who was finance minister during the Shiv Sena-BJP rule between 1995 and 1999, said his government , too, had secured loans then, but the amount was utilized on creating infrastructure. \"The biggest challenge before us was impounding of water from the Krishna river. We raised funds from the open market for construction of dams. In addition , we spent huge funds on infrastructure , but that is not the case now. There appears to be mismanagement at all levels,'' Khadse said.Way back in 1999, when the Congress-NCP took over from the saffron combine, the then finance minister Jayant Patil had presented a white paper on the state's economy. He had squarely blamed the Sena-BJP government for the debt burden. In 1995, it stood at Rs 21,979 crore while in 2000, it rose to Rs 58,813 crore; and in 2011, it spiralled to Rs 2.36 lakh crore. At the end of the next financial year, it would cross Rs 2.53 lakh crore. Patil had promised that his government would initiate stringent measures to wipe out the debt burden . \"It appears that successive finance ministers failed miserably in reducing the debt burden. As a result , now we are paying well over Rs 24,000 crore towards interest,'' Khadse said.A senior bureaucrat said there appeared to be lack of political will to reduce the burden. \"Establishment costs could be reduced, loss-making enterprises could be wound up and expenditure cut at all levels, but no steps have been taken so far.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12420341", "title": "\u2018State Budget has disappointed Vidarbha\u2019", "text": "NAGPUR: Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar has announced several schemes for Vidarbha, which at first glance looks attractive. However, after going through the entire budget you ealize that they are minor schemes and in most cases, there is no mention as to how much Vidarbha will get.BJP MLA Devendra Fadnavis feels that Pawar has pulled a fast one on Vidarbha. \"The Kelkar Committee has not been tabled yet. This is because government wants to increase the region's backlog. Maharashtra, especially Vidarbha, desperately needs a growth of irrigation infrastructure at the rate of 5% per annum. However, there is no such plan of action in the budget. It has completely disappointed Vidarbha,\" he said.Independent MLA Anil Bonde, however, has a totally different view. He feels that this year the Governor issued appropriate directives which is reflected in the budget that allocates 2,130 crore for irrigation.The opening pages of the budget do not inspire much confidence. It says that the state had announced 2,000 crore assistance for cotton, soya bean and paddy farmers and required funds have been made available for this purpose. However, only 100 crore has been released so far.Even then, the budget has some proposals which will greatly benefit Vidarbha. About 200 crore was sanctioned for dryland farming and 40.50 crore for development of marketing facilities of food products.An outlay of 324 crore is proposed for insurance premium, health cards etc under the Rajiv Gandhi Jeevandayi Yojana. Distribution of health cards to beneficiaries is in progress in eight districts of Gadchiroli, Amravati, Nanded, etcThe budget has made necessary outlay for the ongoing railway projects of Wardha to Nanded, Wadsa- Gadchiroli and some others. 438 crore has been proposed for civil aviation sector for acquisition of land for airports at Amravati, Shirdi etc as well as acquisition of land and rehabilitation package under Mihan, Nagpur.Vidarbha has got a share in tourism too. 228 crore for conservation and development of Lonar lake, Kas plateau etc. However, the Gorewada zoo has been completely neglected.Ramtek MLA Ashish Jaiswal (Shiv Sena), who firmly believes in developing tourism industry, said that he was disappointed with the budget.\"No money has been sanctioned for Gorewada. It is not clear what they will exactly do for Lonar. I was expecting some new project,\" he said. Industrial training institutes and two skill development centres, each in Gadchiroli and Gondia, will be started.However, the state sanctioned four government medical colleges and not one of them is in Vidarbha. One will be started in Mumbai, which has large number of excellent government hospitals. Another will be in Alibagh, which is one hour's journey by ferry from the capital.A superspeciality hospital too is being constructed in Mumbai. Apparently minister of state Rajendra Mulak is still attached to his old constituency. It was proposed to make Nagpur-Umrer road four-lane with government assuring to provide the viability gap funding.Palnaghar scheme (creche) was started in six tribal districts of Thane, Nashik, Nandurbar, Amravati, Gadchiroli and Chandrapur in the first phase. The facilities at Mahatma Gandhi Sewagram Ashram at Wardha will be improved to mark 75th year of its foundation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "12421072", "title": "Government to pump in Rs 261cr to boost tourism", "text": "PORVORIM: The government has increased the tourism sector outlay from Rs 95.43 crore last year to Rs 261.30 crore this year. A world-class consulting agency will be employed to formulate a tourism policy, which will provide a master plan for the sector.\"This will result in employment opportunities for local youth and also lead to increased incomes to the people. I have a firm belief that the new tourism policy and comprehensive master plan document will go a long way in placing 'Brand Goa' on the international tourism map,\" chief minister Manohar Parrikar said.The government has proposed creation of a conducive environment to attract private sector investments in projects such as theme parks, water kingdoms, aquariums, proposed oceanarium at Miramar and other tourist attractions.The government plans to diversify in tourism sector with development of adventure tourism, health, medical/wellness tourism, religious tourism, eco-tourism, cultural and heritage tourism, hinterland tourism, backwater tourism and other forms of innovative tourism for sustainable tourism development in Goa.The government has proposed to create cluster development authorities to develop the requisite infrastructure in designated tourist clusters such as Tiracol-Morjim, Vagator-Anjuna, Arpora-Sinquerim, Colva-Cavelossim, and Palolem-Agonda villages.The state will revisit the policy on shacks, Parrikar said. A full fledged Tourism Promotion Board will be constituted with clear mandate for promotion and development of all tourism related activities in the state. For the development of the Botancial Garden at Sanguem, a grant of Rs 100 lakh has been provided.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12422752", "title": "World Theatre Day: All the world's a stage", "text": "CHANDIGARH: For years theatre has been a source of knowledge, awareness and entertainment. And over the years the craze for it has also grown among people, especially when it comes to City Beautiful. However, with the passing years, ways of expression through theatre has undergone a sea of change. On the occasion of World Theatre Day on Tuesday, some of the oldest theatre artists in the city revealed how theatre has changed in 65 years.Talking about changing theatre trends, one of the oldest theatre actor cum director in city, Parvez Sethi, 69, said, I started theatre at the age of 7 and since then there has been a sea of change. The most important change has come with enhanced technology. In those days no musical instruments, tape recorders or singers were easily available, but today internet and laptops have made things easier.Talking about changes in acting style, he said, In those days Parsi theatre was in trend where acting and actions were very loud. Now-a-days the focus has shifted to natural acting. Though, speaking loud is still important.Talking about the changes in theatre audience, Kamal Arora, 71, who has been doing theatre in the city since 1961, said, With years the audience has improved in quantity as well as quality. With more and more theatre performances in city, people have started becoming aware of the art form. Now, theatre artists are given respect. Also, more and more girls are coming forward to participate in theatre.Kuldeep Sharma, 59, another director, who has been doing theatre since 35 years, said, the number of theatre artists and groups have increased in city making it popular. However, the closeness or the bond between theatre groups has become weak - individuality has taken over. In our time it was like one big happy family always there to help each other.G S Channi, a city-based theatre director who has been doing theatre since 1976 said, In those days theatre was such that it used to hit you hard. But now-a-days since grants have started coming and people also want to earn money from it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12425706", "title": "The Reporter team waits for Jagathy's recovery", "text": "The post-production of director Venugopan's The Reporter has been temporarily halted as the crew is waiting for actor Jagathy Sreekumar to dub his voice.Jagathy had recently met with an accident in Calicut while travelling to a shooting location. \"Since Jagathy sir's character in the movie is as prominent as the protagonists, we want him to render his voice. We are waiting for his recovery,\" says Kailash, the lead actor in the movie. However, if he does not recover soon, the team is planning to get Jagathy's voice dubbed by a professional artist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12423040", "title": "Water supply to be regulated in Mangalore", "text": "MANGALORE: Mangalore City Corporation (MCC) will regulate water consumption following depletion in the Thumbay dam, which meets the needs of the city as well as Ullal, Mulky and few villages in Bantwal taluk.The water level on Monday was 8.8ft against a maximum of 13ft. It's the lowest recorded on March 26 since the dam was commissioned in 1993. The level has been below 10 feet only thrice - in 2003 (9.9ft), 2004 (8.11ft) and in 2005 (9.9ft). In 2011, the water level on March 26 was 12ft.The dam was overflowing on the same day in 2006 and 2009. Lack of inflow, excessive consumption and evaporation are said to be the main reasons for the decrease in the level. Officials said the water level reduces by an average of 4 inches every day.Mayor Gulzaar Banu, who visited the dam on Monday, said upstream dams of the AMR power project and MRPL check the inflow of water into the Thumbay dam. Former mayor M Shashidhar Hegde said that deputy commissioner NS Channappa Gowda should intervene and make arrangements for water supply. \"Water supply to all industrial units should be stopped immediately,\" he added.MCC commissioner Harish Kumar said people should use water very judiciously. \"Alternative arrangements will be made, if required, to supply water to all residents from 200 borewells using tankers,\" he added.About 2 million gallons per day were pumped from the dam to Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilisers (MCF) for industrial use. However, the supply has been cut down to 5 kilolitres per day only for drinking purpose, he said. He added that water supply hours will be reduced", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12425202", "title": "Telangana issue rocks Andhra Pradesh Assembly", "text": "HYDERABAD: For the second day in a row, the Telangana statehood issue rocked the Andhra Pradesh Assembly leading to two adjournments this morning.When the House began at 9am, TDP and TRS legislators from the region stormed the Speaker's podium holding placards and raising slogans demanding that the House pass a resolution seeking creation of Telangana state.Speaker Nadendla Manohar rejected an adjournment motion moved by TRS, TDP, BJP and CPI in this regard. Amidst the sloganeering, the Speaker initially adjourned the proceedings for 15 minutes.The Congress MLAs from Telangana too joined the protest, standing at their respective seats, when the House re-assembled after more than an hour.As the din continued, the Speaker asked the ministers concerned to move the demands for grants of their respective departments and adjourned the House for 30 minutes the second time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12422565", "title": "CM asks public figures to know their limitations", "text": "PATNA: CM Nitish Kumar says he knows his limitations well and acts accordingly. That's the reason why he lives in peace, whether in power or in opposition.\"The problem with politicians is that they attempt to cross their limits. This causes tension and frustration,\" he said in an informal talk in his assembly chamber on Monday. The CM was critical of the behaviour of public representatives, from the level of MPs to panchayati raj institutions. He said that instead getting themselves busy in their duties and works, they wanted to interfere with others' works.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "12422994", "title": "Karnatak University Academic Council revises syllabus for UG, PG courses", "text": "DHARWAD: The Karnatak University Academic Council meeting has approved change of syllabus for various under-graduate (UG) and post-graduate (PG) courses effective from the academic year 2012-2013.The meeting held on Monday and chaired by vice chancellor H B Walikar gave consent to the recommendations of the Board of Studies (BoS).The BoS had asked the Academic Council for revision of syllabus for BA and BSc (third and fourth semester) basic and additional English and also for BA (third and fourth semester) optional English courses.Similarly, revision of UG Hindi syllabus and model question paper for the BA (third and fourth semester), functional Hindi syllabus for BA (third and fourth semester), BSc syllabus for third and fourth semester, B Music-second year (non-semester) syllabus is approved with effect from the academic year 2012-13.The BoS also recommended revision of the syllabus of BSc Physics, BSc electronics, BSc Botany (all six semesters) and BASc part four.The syllabus of marine biology for MSc will also be revised. The BSc Chemistry syllabus for first and second semester will be revised and implemented this academic year, while the syllabus for third and fourth and fifth and sixth semesters will be implemented in subsequent years. In the Commerce discipline, the BoS mooted revision the syllabus of B Com with effect from academic year 2012-13 onwards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "12420657", "title": "Plea to governor on CAG report", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: The Congress legislature party (CLP), in a representation to Gujarat governor Dr Kamla, on Monday said that though the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) report is to be tabled in the legislative assembly as per the constitutional provisions, the state BJP government is acting contrary to it.Saying that the government should present the CAG report \"in the beginning of the budget session of the Assembly\", it added, if there is any delay, as per the ruling of the speaker on March 17, 1970, \"the report should be tabled within seven days\".Pointing out that in the past, all governments followed this and presented the report within the stipulated time frame, the representation said things have changed now.\"During discussion on budgetary demands in the present session, Congress has lost an opportunity to expose corruption of billions of rupees. This is because CAG report has not been tabled... After budget session this government calls assembly for a day or two which does not offer any opportunity for discussion on CAG report\", it said.Alleging that the government has indulged in corruption worth Rs 26,672 crore, which has been exposed by CAG, the representation said, \"This is the last budget of the government. Ahead of the elections this year, the government is involved in mega scandals. The government siphoned off Rs 12,490.46 crore from the Gujarat State Petroleum Corporation (GSPC), even though the much publicized gas from the KG Basin has not been found.\"It added, \"There was negligible debt on GSPC, which has now touched Rs 7,126.68 crore. GSPC has sold gas to the Adanis at a price much lower than its cost. There is bungling of billions in the contracts given by GSPC. It has invested huge money in the name of 53 blocks, but work is in operation only in nine blocks. The profitability of these nine blocks is doubtful. GSPC has done trading of crores of rupees despite adverse technical opinion.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12422096", "title": "Fake 'gutkha' worth 13Lakh seized, one held", "text": "PUNE: The crime branch of the Pune rural police on Sunday busted a manufacturing unit of duplicate 'gutkha' following a raid at a shop near Chakan Market Yard. The police seized duplicate 'gutka' worth Rs 13.37 lakh and arrested one suspect.The suspect, Salim Salauddin Shaikh (37) of Uttar Pradesh, currently lives in Chinchwad. Police inspector Nitinkumar Gokave made the arrest.Gokave said that he received a tip-off that some persons were manufacturing duplicate 'gutkha' in a shop at Chakan. \"On Sunday, our team and the Chakan police raided the shop and arrested Shaikh,\" Gokave said.Gokave said that the police found raw material used to manufacture 'gutkha'. \"We also found two machines, which were used to pack the duplicate product in pouches with names of some 'gutkha' brands printed on them,\" he said.Gokave said that Shaikh had been manufacturing the duplicate product for a month. He had rented the shop from a Chakan resident. \"We are investigating whether Shaikh had accomplices,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12423076", "title": "Uninvited guest lays 31 eggs at home", "text": "MYSORE: Mirchi Babu had an uninvited guest on Sunday. The slithery guest not only entered his house in Udayagiri here in the evening, but also laid a whopping 31 eggs. And to his shock and that of others, the guest was none other than a black cobra.Mirchi Babu and his brother Munna noticed the snake late in the evening. Munna, who has caught nearly 100 snakes, said: \"I have come across many types of snakes. But the one that entered my brother's house was little different. Presuming it to be carrying, I carefully put it into a container. Since it was dark then, I decided to release the snake in the morning.\"Surprise, SurpriseBut when he opened the container in the morning, much to his surprise, Munna saw 31 eggs. Herpetologist Snake Shyam was soon summoned and given all the eggs. Snake Shyam said he would incubate the eggs at his house, which has the required facilities. According to Shyam, the eggs would take 45-60 days to hatch. Shyam said he will leave the 4.5-foot snake in a place where human habitat ionis less. Among snakes, only viper, green snake and sand boa give birth to young ones, while the others lay eggs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "12420678", "title": "Congress protests, suspended again", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: The entire opposition was on Monday suspended for the fourth consecutive day from the House. The suspension came after the Congress legislators, backed by an NCP MLA, staged a silent protest in the Gujarat state assembly with each wearing a black scarf with the writing, \"Those watching obscene clips in the House should be dismissed.\"The dismissal came after state assembly speaker Ganpat Vasava was forced to adjourn the House thrice following noisy scenes from the treasury benches who protested against this type of protest as \"hurting the prestige of the House.\"Suspended for the day, the Congress legislators were particularly upbeat, as this time they claimed they were armed with hard evidence of the two BJP MLAs - Jetha Bharwad and Shankar Choudhury - watching sexually explicit clips sitting in the House on March 20.Undeterred, the opposition legislators declared they would not relinquish the black scarf they wore unless the two MLAs were dismissed till the Privilege Committee, consisting of five BJP and two Congress legislators and headed by veteran BJP MLA Daulat Desai, announced its decision.\"We've sent evidence in the form of CD with a letter to the speaker. The evidence suggests the MLAs were indeed watching sexually explicit clips on iPad,\" leader of opposition Shaktisinh Gohil told TOI, adding, \"We've also asked the speaker how could he announce the two MLAs' innocence when the matter had been referred to the Privilege Committee? And how could a Forensic Science Laboratory report, received in seal, be made public without the committee seeing it?\"If the speaker seemed mild towards the opposition, the ruling BJP was harsher. Ahead of the first adjournment soon after the Question House began, the speaker did not act against the opposition for wearing black scarf. He merely said that this type of protest was \"improper\". Ahead of the second adjournment as well, which lasted for an hour, the speaker just \"castigated\" the opposition legislators' method of protest.When the House met again, minister of state for legislative affairs Pradeepsinh Jadeja decided to act tough, moving a resolution to suspend Congress MLAs for the day for wearing the scarf, saying the Congress was \"not listening to the speaker's advice, hence it is not interested in democratic ways.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12415811", "title": "I don't even know Anushka Sharma: Suresh Raina", "text": "He's just come back from Bangladesh and is still nursing the wounds of having lost out on Asia Cup. But, Suresh Raina is candid enough to admit that \"Team India can't allow the defeats to keep it down forever! Every day brings along the hope for sunshine, and we will use this setback to surge ahead doggedly.\" With this, he settles down to a relaxed conversation...Affair that wasn't!By his own admission, Raina's a Bollywood buff. And what does he have to say about his name being linked with B'town hottie Anushka Sharma ? Sounding quite bewildered, Raina replies: \"I heard about this and I was completely zapped! I had met Anushka in London , where she had come to watch the matches. But, I don't even know the girl! I don't know how these stories started!\"'No filmi gal for me!'So, he's not going around with Anushka, but what is the latest on his wedding plans? He had earlier told NT in an interview that he would get married after his Test debut! \"I plan to get married in a year or two. But, I can tell you very confidently that I will never marry a filmi gal. Ours is a middle-class family, so I will go for a gharelu girl, who understands me and gels well with my family too. Hum cricketers ki life mein dukh zyada hai, khushi kum. So, my future wife will have to be intelligent, supportive and a true soulmate to be with me during the ups and downs of life and career!\"The after-partiesThese days, this batsman of Chennai Superkings is looking forward to the forthcoming IPL matches. Does it please him that once again, the after-party scenario of IPL is going to glitter like earlier days, after a lull in-between? \"Whether there are parties or not, Team Chennai is hardly into it. We have meetings and sessions after the matches, so who has the time to party, but yes, I'm gung-ho about the glitzy inaugural ceremony of the IPL at Chennai where stars like Kareena Kapoor , Shah Rukh Khan and Priyanka Chopra will perform. I'm also taking my parents, brother and bhabhi along for that,\" says he.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12422232", "title": "Civic body collects 88L from tax defaulters", "text": "BHOPAL: The Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) on Monday recovered a sum of Rs 88.25 lakh as property tax and water cess from property owners in the state capital. Besides, the corporation also decided to initiate action to attach and auction properties belonging to 11 defaulters.Municipal corporation sources said that the civic body has intensified its drive against tax defaulters in a bid to recover outstanding dues. The corporation personnel disconnected water connections of 29 consumers who refused to pay their water cess.Property tax filed by owners of 28 properties were reviewed and verified by the BMC personnel. The BMC administration has directed its staff to initiate action against the defaulters and to review and verify the properties to ascertain the correct tax rates in case of any suspicion.The corporation has initiated action for auction of two properties in zone, 5, one in zone 12 and six in zone 13 while water connections of seven consumers in zone 1, six in zone 2, seven in zone 14 were disconnected for non-payment of water cess.The corporation has appealed to the residents of the state capital to help the corporation by paying property and water tax at the ward offices of the corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12424690", "title": "Directorial test for Rajini\u2019s daughters", "text": "Aishwarya and Soundarya's debut films will prove how far they can carry their father's film legacy forward2012 is a crucial year for Superstar Rajinikanth's daughters. Last year, Aishwaryaa and Soundarya set out to establish their individuality and identity by announcing the projects they would be working on. And this year will see the results of their hard work. Currently, Aishwaryaa is gearing up for the release of her film 3 which has for the first time ever the pairing of someone from the Superstar's family and the Ulaganayagan's family. Rajini and Kamal have acted in several movies together earlier but of late, no one seems to have mooted the idea of bringing them back on-screen in a single frame. But the budding director and her actor husband, Dhanush, had foresight to create this pairing which is new for the audience. And their movie really seems to be a family affair with cousin Anirudh scoring the music. However, it has paid off - it's rumoured that the music and movie rights have been sold for a whopping amount. In fact, Dhanush had said in an earlier interview that he \"might never get another Kolaveri di\" and has ensured that the team made the most of this song's success.Younger sister Soundarya was not far behind when she launched a 3D flick to be made with performance capture technology with none other than their illustrious father, the Superstar. The producer-director, who's busy shooting the flick London with the Superstar, has also gotten him to sing for her! This is Rajinikanth's first flick post his sudden illness last year and a lot is riding on this for her and him.As far the industry and fans go, expectations are high where the two siblings are concerned. Both of them are vying to prove themselves as directors and have a strong team backing them in their endeavour. Despite having an illustrious father, neither of them have really been entrenched in the film industry so to speak. Their sudden head on plunge into the glamour world and in similar roles but in different projects raises a pertinent question - will they be successful in carrying forward their father's legacy in Kollywood?SOUNDARYA - KOCHADAIYAANProducer and director for KochadaiyaanMovie stars dad RajinikanthBollywood actress Deepika Padukone makes her debutStory penned by K S RavikumarRoped in A R Rahman to score musicSuperstar sings a song for the flickAISHWARYAA - 3Director of 3Movie stars husband DhanushRoped in Ulaganayagan's daughter Shruti HaasanBrought in cousin Anirudh Ravichander to score musicDhanush's Kolaveri Di song for 3 turns worldwide phenomenon", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12426092", "title": "Kolaveri rocks town", "text": "The \" Kolaveri D\" team with actor Dhanush, his wife and director Aishwarya, and music director Anirudh launched the music of their upcoming film on Tuesday evening at a star hotel in the city.Much to the audience's delight, Dhanush crooned his hit song, \"Kolaveri Di\" that became a worldwide sensation.Aishwarya answered queries on her dad Rajinikanth's health and told everyone that he is currently shooting in London .A lot of Tollywood stars were spotted at the do. Both Rana and his grandfather Ramanaidu attended the event along with Dr Rajasekhar and Jeevitha. Actor Srihari and his wife Shanthi also were spotted.It was a pleasant surprise to see Dhanush's parents Kasturi Raja and Vijayalakshmi attended the do. Shruti Haasan, who sizzled in a sari, was all smiles throughout the evening, especially when Rana announced that he is a big fan of hers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12420273", "title": "Man moves HC against NU lawyer", "text": "NAGPUR: A petitioner has moved the Nagpur bench of Bombay high court alleging inaction of Bar Council of Maharashtra and Goa on allegations over Nagpur University standing counsel Bhanudas Kulkarni's alleged suspicious behaviour. A division bench of justices Sharad Bobde and Prasanna Varale on Monday issued show cause notice to the Bar Council secretary.Petitioner Sunil Mishra alleged that when Kulkarni was counsel for MHADA, its Legal Department had recommended removing all cases allotted to him due to his \"suspicious\" behaviour while pleading a sensitive case related to the authority in 2004. The department also recommended lodging a complaint against Kulkarni under Advocates Act, 1961, to Bar Council for his alleged \"suspicious\" behaviour.Mishra, a convict of NU's infamous fake mark-sheet and revaluation scam, had lodged a complaint in this regard with the Bar Council on April 29 last year, but no action was taken for almost a year. He claimed Kulkarni was removed from MHADA's panel after this complaint.Mishra mentioned suspicions raised on NU counsel's role in a scam in Barrister Sheshrao Wankhede B.Ed College. He pointed out that Kulkarni had made a controversial statement in the court that NU was ready to provide its 44 acres land for government's use during a famous PIL on NU's 70-acre land. Mishra prayed for directives to Bar Council to take action on Kulkarni within stipulated period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12423231", "title": "Labourer kills one, wounds another over wage row", "text": "CHENNAI: A 26-year-old labourer, who hacked a 55-year-old colleague to death and injured another near Kancheepuram on Sunday evening following a feud, has been arrested. The injured person is undergoing treatment at the government hospital in Chengalpet.Police said Kannan, a resident of Thoosi village near Maamandur in Tindivanam, picked up a quarrel with Balaraman of Vadamaundal village near Thiruvannamalai and Mani, 52, of Namandi village near Kancheepuram and demanded a part of their weekly salary.The trio had been assigned to cut a few trees between Injambakkam and Mottur villages on the Kancheepuram-Arakkonam High Road and had got their wages from the contractor after completing their schedule.Police said Kannan became angry when he found that Mani and Balaraman had been paid more than him and demanded that they give him a share. When the refused, Kannan pulled out a sickle used to cut the trees and attacked both Balaraman and Mani before fleeing.On getting the information, teams from the Kancheepuram Town Police Station rushed there and sent Balaraman's body to the Chengalpet GH for autopsy. Mani is recovering at the same hospital.Police later registered a case under the IPC Section 302 (murder) and arrested Kannan who was later remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12420230", "title": "Thakre, Arya for scrapping Vansh contract", "text": "NAGPUR: With another road mishap involving a city bus killing a teenage girl, the demand for scrapping the Vansh Nimay contract to ply the buses has once again surfaced.Leader of opposition in NMC Vikas Thakre on Monday asked the municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal to file a complaint of culpable homicide against Vansh Nimay. He also demanded that the contract with Vansh Nimay be scrapped. A delegation of Uttar Nagpur Vikas Parishad met municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal with the same demand.Former corporator and coordinator of newly formed Parishad Vedprakash Arya said that in the recent past city buses had become like New Delhi's infamous blue line buses that had claimed many lives. The civic body is expected to take action against the city bus operator for violating terms and conditions, instead the corporation officials are protecting it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12423071", "title": "Crash barriers are elusive", "text": "MYSORE: Last weekend, a four-wheeler with five passengers fell into a water body off National Highway-212. Though all the passengers survived, the incident exposed how safety still eludes vehicles plying on narrow and curvy stretches, especially those near water bodies in Mysore. If those dangerous stretches are left unattended, it may cause immense damage.The NH starts at Kozhikode in Kerala and concludes at Kollegal in Chamarajanagar district in Karnataka after passing through Mysore. The total length of the stretch is 250km, of which 150.80km runs through Karnataka. But along the Mysore city-Nanjangud-T Narasipura stretch, there are few water bodies abutting the highway which are unprotected, posing danger to motorists. In December 2010, a marriage party of 31 people from Mandya met a watery grave at Undabatti Lake, a seasonal water body, 12 km away from Mysore. After this incident, a two-wheeler was found inside Dalvoy Lake in late 2011. And in the latest incident on Saturday, a van plunged into Shettyhalli Lake, but luckily, there was no casualty. All the five passengers, including a woman, swam to safety.These incidents serve as grim reminders of what unguarded water bodies can cause. However, months after Undabatti Lake tragedy, NH authorities installed crash barriers alongside the water body. But the project to cover four other water bodies -- Shettyhalli Kere, Dalvoy Lake, Varuna Lake and a water body in Alanahalli -- is yet to get an approval.Over the years traffic has increased by several folds due to rise in industries. Also, many tourists ply on the highway, thanks to the presence of Bandipur and Madhumalai national parks along the way. According to officials, over 30,000 vehicles ply on the narrow stretches dotting water bodies.Additional deputy commissioner Naganayak said DC P S Vastrad has discussed about the development of water bodies in Mysore during a recent meeting. \"Fencing works may be taken up under the proposed project,\" the ADC stated.Meanwhile, NH AEE J G Jadav told TOI that the proposal to install crash barriers on all the four water bodies off NH-212 is still pending with the ministry. The official, however, claimed that following the Saturday's incident, he apprised the authority of what has happened. He expressed confidence that the projects may get approval soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12423131", "title": "Budget aims to increase revenue by Rs 15,000 crore", "text": "CHENNAI: Overall, the state has estimated an increase of Rs 15,000 crore in revenue collections, of which Rs 11,500 crore is expected to be generated from its own sources. However,the budget has an overall fiscal deficit of Rs 19,832 crore owing to a nearly Rs 11,000 crore interest burden and a capital outlay of Rs 20,856 crore.The good news is that even as the fiscal deficit increases from this year's Rs 16,596 crore by Rs 3,236 crore, the state is able to keep the fiscal deficit-gross state domestic product ratio (GSDP) at 2.87%, well within the 3% prescribed for states. Similarly, the accumulated debt burden - which is expected to touch Rs 1.35 lakh crore - as a percentage of the GSDP will be only 19.56%, well within the 24.8% prescribed by the 13th Finance Commission.The state has also promised to increase the plan outlay under the 12th plan period from the earlier announced Rs 1.85 lakh crore to Rs 2 lakh crore. During the 11th plan period, the state's total outlay was only Rs 85,344 crore.The budget seeks to further the vision document 2023. But the only concrete step in that direction is an allocation of Rs 1,000 crore as seed money for the Tamil Nadu Infrastructure Development Board.Going by the objectives of the vision document, the state should have taken up Rs 1.36 lakh crore worth infrastructural projects in the next financial year, of which the state's contribution is projected at Rs 45,000 crore.The budget, however, does not reflect this. Another major disappointment is that the state has not announced anything for the IT sector, which is expected to generate an export revenue of Rs 48,000 crore in 2012-13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12422379", "title": "Earth Hour Week from today", "text": "INDORE: City residents will experience a weeklong awareness activities as a part of 'Earth Hour Week' celebrations beginning from Tuesday.The Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) and Young Indian (Indore Chapter) would organise 'Earth Hour Week,' which will include range of events to mark the Earth Hour on March 31. Several environmental activists, corporate and students will participate in the group discussion on Earth Hour on Tuesday. Other events like flash mob activity, marathon, weight lifting and treadmill test, debate competition, Indian classical rendition, street plays and rock band performance will be held on the following days till March 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12423145", "title": "Cuttack man returns home from Pak jail", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Benudhar Pradhan from Cuttack district is all set to return home after spending years in a Pakistan jail. Benudhar is one of the five Indians released by Pakistan on February 16.\"It's a new life for me. After years, I would be able to go back home and meet my family,\" Benudhar told media persons here after his arrival from Amritsar on Monday. He is now eagerly waiting to proceed to his native village of Bhagirathipur near Athagarh.Benudhar, who had left his home in a huff after a family quarrel 12 years ago, cannot explain how he strayed into Pakistan. \"I had boarded a train from Cuttack to Delhi after I left my home. From Delhi, I took another train. I can't remember how I went to Pakistan or how exactly I landed in jail. The only thing I remember is that they used to beat us mercilessly,\" the 30-year-old man said.The long incarceration in Pakistan and his inability to communicate in Odia, the only language he can understand, has affected his mind. The Class V dropout talked in an incoherent manner. However, his joy at being reunited with his family and heading home was visible on his face.After his release from Kot Lakhpat Jail in Lahore , Pradhan along with the other Indians were handed over to Indian authorities at Wagah border near Amritsar. The Indian Red Cross Society (IRCS), Punjab branch, kept them in Amritsar. They contacted their Odisha counterpart stating that Pradhan is an Odia. \"I talked to Benudhar over phone and got to know his father's name was Narayan and he was a resident of Bhagirathipur village. I relayed the message to the Junior Red Cross in the village school. They confirmed the identity,\" said IRCS Odisha state branch honorary secretary Mangala Prasad Mohanty. Mohanty said the Red Cross through its family news service programme tries to unite missing and separated family members. Pradhan was in jail for five of the 12 years of his missing, Mohanty added.Pradhan's friend from his schooldays Kurban Khan, younger brother Nalu and mother Basanti went to Amritsar with the help of the Red Cross on March 22. \"He instantly recognized us,\" said his mother.Basanti said he had left home after a minor quarrel over food. \"We had reported the matter to police. Years of search to locate him went in vain. Finally, we had given up hope before hearing from police around two years ago that he was languishing in a Pakistan jail,\" she said.Khan, an auto driver by profession, said, \"Benu seems to have lost his mind because of his years of confinement and torture. But can understand most things and recognize acquaintances. I have got my childhood friend back,\" he said.Pradhan's younger brother Nalu said they will have a feast when they reach home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "12422772", "title": "Two leopards found dead in Katarniaghat", "text": "BAHRAICH: Two leopards were found dead in a cane field in Katarniaghat wildlife sanctuary on Monday. The authorities suspect it to be a case of poaching. The bodies of a male and a female leopard were found in Daulatpur village.Divisional forest officer (wildlife) R K Singh said that neck of one of the big cat was found broken and paw of the other was fractured. The postmortem examination has revealed that the two animals had died about four days back. The reason of the death could not be ascertained.The dog squad of the SSB was pressed into service to get clues about the poachers. Owner of the field has been detained for interrogation. The sanctuary has 70 to 80 leopards and 30 to 35 tigers.Katarniaghat wildlife sanctuary is a part of the Dudhwa Tiger Reserve and located in Uttar Pradesh near India-Nepal border in the Terai area of Bahraich. The sanctuary is spread in an area of 400 kms. It was established in 1976.The Katarniaghat forests provide strategic connectivity between tiger habitats of Dudhwa and Kishanpur in India and Bardia National Park in Nepal . Its fragile ecosystem comprises a mesmerizing mosaic of sal and teak forests, grasslands, steaming swamps and wetlands. The sanctuary is home to a number of endangered and critically endangered species like gharial, tiger, rhino, Gangetic dolphin, swamp deer, hispid hare, Bengal florican, white-backed and long-billed vultures.One of the best places in the world for seeing gharial is the Girwa river which flows through the sanctuary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12421813", "title": "Train ticket counter opened at Old City Post Office", "text": "HYDERABAD: Residents of the Old City can henceforth book railway tickets at the Jubilee Head Post Office in Diwan Devdi area, opposite the Madina Hotel.The Department of Posts (India Post) had given its clearance and the reservation facility is likely to be functional from April first week.\"The Department of Posts had signed an agreement with the Indian Railways in 2007 to allow reservation of railway tickets through computerised passenger reservation system (PRS) through identified post offices in the state. In Andhra Pradesh postal circle, the railway passenger reservation system (PRS) was first installed at the Hanamkonda Post Office in Warangal in 2008. Subsequently, it was extended to 29 other post offices statewide and six in the city,\" assistant postmaster general (financial service &amp; business development) M Poornachandra Rao told TOI. \"Passengers can book tickets at the counter, which will open between 8 am and 5 pm. Tatkal tickets too can be booked. However, they have to pay service charges. \" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12421845", "title": "Separate state demand echoes in Parliament", "text": "NEW DELHI: Members of Parliament from the Telangana region, irrespective of their political affiliations, on Monday expressed concern over the suicides in support of the separate statehood demand and wondered how many more lives it would take before the Congress-led UPA government came to a decision on the contentious issue.\"Already, more the 750 youths have committed suicide in support of the demand for a separate Telangana. How many more suicides do you want?\"Congress member K Keshava Rao said in the Rajya Sabha. He made a fervent appeal to the Centre to not to test the patience of Telangana people by delaying fulfilment of their demand. \"Kill us all first if you want more people to die, and then sleep over the decision,\" he said. Rao was supported by BJP with member Prakash Javadekar saying that the UPA government needed to show political will to table a bill for the creation of a separate Telangana.In Lok Sabha , members belonging to the Congress, TRS and TDP rushed to the well of the House and demanded that the Centre respect the aspirations of the people of Telangana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12422613", "title": "State partners with Microsoft on \u2018school of future\u2019", "text": "PATNA: As the state celebrated its centenary, the state education department on Thursday announced its partnership with Microsoft Corporation India (Pvt) Ltd to implement a pilot programme for showcasing the model school of the future.The initiative, which will commence in April this year through Microsoft's education partner Educomp, will implement programmes to augment the scope of digital literacy and optimize the use of computers by students and teachers. Christened 'Window to the World', the project aims to reach out to students, teachers and education stakeholders for building capacity on limited budgets. Its key aspects include creating tech-enabled classrooms in state schools which will scale up participation of students.The programme also aims to provide computer-aided learning opportunities for students of classes VIII to XII in government schools and introduce innovative platforms which will connect students and teachers from across the world.The initiative will cover Ghanshyam Girls High School, Patna; Taramuni Bhagwan Shah School, Bhojpur; Ramanand Sharma Memorial Project School, Jehanabad; Government High School, Nalanda and Government-supported Girls' High School, Vaishali.State information and public relations department principal secretary and Bihar Education Project Council's state project director Rajesh Bhushan said the aim of the initiative was to reach out to students and other stakeholders to build capacity within the state on a limited budget. Microsoft India's director (education) Irina Ghose said education is what would help the youth realize India's potential.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12422069", "title": "Police must change attitude in dealing with juveniles: NGO", "text": "NOIDA: To bring about a change in the attitude of police officers who deal with juvenile delinquents, Childline with FXB India Suraksha organized a workshop titled National Initiative for Child Protection and role of Special Juvenile Police Unit (SJPU). The daylong training programme was held to sensitize the district police officials who have been assigned the job of implementing provisions of the Juvenile Justice (Care and Protection of Children) Act, 2000, and Rules, 2007, to provide justice and protect the rights of children.The workshop was attended by several police officials, including SPs, DSPs and inspector rank officers from the district. The aim of the workshop was to train and create awareness amongst the allied system, such as the police, healthcare system, judicial system, juvenile justice system, labour department, on coordinated efforts and action for child protection.Inaugurating the workshop, SP (Traffic), Avdhesh Kumar Vijeta exhorted the police personnel present to make functional the SJPUs for implementation of the Act and Rules with proper understanding. He said that clear understanding is imperative to handling juvenile delinquents with sensitivity. Vijeta stressed on the need for the police and child welfare committees to be fully aware about Childline, India's first 24-hour, toll free, emergency phone outreach service for children in need of care and protection.In Noida, Greater Noida and all of Gautam Budh Nagar, FXB India provides services through 1098 which focus on children in distress such as street children, children who have fled from their homes along with those in a situation of physical, mental and emotional abuse. Apart from it, the service also caters to the need of children forced into illegal and hazardous activities etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12421493", "title": "City counsellors cashing in on exam blues", "text": "HYDERABAD: Now that the exam season is on, telephones at local counselling centres have been ringing off the hook. This year, there has been a 20% rise in the number of callers with more and more students calling up to discuss exam-related stress. Interestingly, a third of the callers are parents whose wards are appearing for one exam or the other.\"Parents, too, have started approaching counsellors as they get worked up about their children's performance in exams, especially in the board and competitive exams,\" said Akheel A Siddiqui, director, Roshni Counselling Centre.\"Around 25% of the total calls are from parents grappling with their very own form of exam stress. The most common concern is that children won't pass or will take their mind off studies. Allied concerns are over relationships and infatuations which they feel will affect the child's concentration,\" Siddiqui added.He said that their organisation had seen a 30% rise in the total number of exam-stress related calls this year.Secunderabad's New Life Counselling Centre has registered a 20% rise in such cases of which nearly 30% are parents while Dawn Organisation for Counselling Psychiatry has recorded a 40% rise in this category with 20% of the callers being parents.Talking about the reason behind the rise in these figures, psychiatrist Dr Purnima Nagaraja, said: \"Academic pressure is so immense nowadays that children don't have time to unwind or relax. Many times, teachers or parents try to reprimand children and use phrases like 'you're useless', thinking it will motivate them when really it affects them negatively.\"Also, there are too many exams conducted these days; every alternate week there is some test or the other. It is no surprise therefore that, in the last three years, there has been a 15% to 20% rise in students and parents who approach us.\"Nagaraja also revealed that many new centres have sprung up in the city to cater to the increased demand for counselling.Dr Praveen Chintapanti, psychiatrist at Tranquil Minds, an organisation just two-and-a-half years old, said: \"At our institute, cases of both students and parents trying to deal with exam stress have doubled. It is great that more parents are coming forward for counselling.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12425599", "title": "Six held for betting", "text": "KANPUR: Six persons were arrested for betting and gambling on Monday. The police also seized cash, chits and mobile phones from them.Chhotu and Shahzad Yaqoob, residents of Faithfulganj, Arif and Tahir, residents of Gora Kabristan, Musharraf of Rail Bazaar and Manish of Lal Diggi were arrested from Lal Diggi tiraha.Arrested: Usman, a resident of Prayag Narain Kheda in Unnao was arrested from Baba Hanuman temple with 15 packets of smack.Elsewhere, the police arrested Rishi of Kaushalpuri and recovered 500 grams of charas from him.Body found: An unidentified body of a 35-year-old man was found lying near railway tracks in Sainik Nagar area in Chakeri. The Chakeri police sent the body for post-mortem examination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "12421520", "title": "Jintao visit: Tibetans to hold vigils", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: As part of the Tibet freedom struggle, hundreds of Tibetans left for Delhi even as a self-immolation was reported in Delhi on Monday against the upcoming visit of Chinese president Hu Jintao to India to attend the Brics summit on Wednesday.Hundreds of Tibetans and NGO members had left for Delhi from McLeodganj to hold vigils and protests against China and seek intervention of the Indian government and international community on the matter.\"Tibetans have gathered from all over India from various settlements. We would be holding mass vigils in connection with Hu Jintao's visit. The programme has been organized under the headship of the Tibetan Youth Congress (TYC),\" said Dorjee Tseten, president of Students for Free Tibet Organization.Source said that the TYC was holding a protest at Jantar Mantar in Delhi and some activists had been detained while Tibetans living in exile at McLeodganj were also planning some activities.The sources said that the main focus of the activists would be the Chinese embassy in DelhiIn November last year, China had cancelled a meeting on border issues in Delhi after a row was triggered on the Dalai Lama's visit to Delhi. The talks were scheduled for November 28 but reports of cancellation came on November 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12420929", "title": "Remmie Colaco laid to rest", "text": "MARGAO: Noted tiatrist Remedious John Colaco, popularly known as Remmie Colaco, who passed away on March 22, was laid to rest on Monday.Parish priest of Curchorem Fr James Silva was the main celebrant at the funeral mass, while assistant parish priest Fr Trinco Menezes delivered the homily.People from all walks of life attended the funeral to pay their last respects to the departed soul.President of the Tiatr Academi of Goa, Tomazinho Cardozo, tiatrist and advocate Mike Mehta, former MLA Domnic Fernandes, besides others, were present for the funeral and spoke on the occasion.Born in Curchorem on September 19, 1925, Colaco acted in over 1,000 tiatrs and composed over 500 songs during his six decade-long career on the Konkani stage which he enriched by his versatile roles as actor, singer, director, producer and scriptwriter.His most famous Konkani kantar (song) 'Ankvar Moriechem Dukh' was played during the funeral service that tugged at the heartstrings of those present. Speaking to TOI, Colaco's close friend from Curchorem, Pachao Pereira, described Colaco as a warm and genial person and a \"true gentleman.\"\"He was such a nice human being that it would not be an exaggeration to say that Colaco had no enemies at all. Big names in the world of tiatr would hold Remmie in high regard. In fact, Remmie would often be called to mediate whenever differences cropped up between well-known tiatrists,\" Pereira said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "12421945", "title": "Dental health camps in edu institutions", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: In an effort to ensure sound dental health for schoolchildren, city-based Awadh Dental College (ADC) and NGO Educare have launched a programme that includes dental camps in schools.To begin with, ADC organized a camp at the Carmel Junior College, Sonari, on Saturday where about 700 students participated. Cavities, tooth decay, toothaches, nail biting, bad breath, gum disease and tooth sensitivity were common problems diagnosed. \"Apparently, this is the first of its kind initiative at the school level and hopefully this programme will help generate dental care awareness among children,\" said director, Educare, Rohit. Of the 700 children who were treated, several were from Bal Vihar, a school for deaf and dumb children. J H Tarapore English School, Loyola School and DBMS English Schools will organize camps in their respective institutions on March 27, March 29 and in the first week of April.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12423210", "title": "Man made forest fires destroy 60 acres in Shirady", "text": "MANGALORE: Man made fires due to negligence by people collecting forest produce has affected about 50-60 acres of vegetation in the semi evergreen and wet evergreen Shirady-Shishila reserve forest since Tuesday.The fires, which have been erupting in isolated spots of the forest, have been contained, said AS Abbas, Assistant Conservator of Forest, Puttur Sub Division.He told TOI that the first fire was noticed on Tuesday in an area three km away from the Gundya Gate on National Highway 75. ``It was contained. Again we saw sporadic fires on Wednesday and on Saturday,'' he said.Regarding whether fire was due to natural cause, Abbas said natural cause could be ruled out as it was not a coniferous forest. He also said it was ground fire which had not spread to the canopy; hence the trees were intact only the vegetation below, like dry grass, was burnt out.``This is a yearly phenomenon. But these are contained as it rains during this period. Barring a mild shower, this year it has not rained like it should have in the ghats, hence we are seeing fires. The heat is unbearable inside the forest as it is dry,'' Abbas said.Forest department sources said the fir has spread from Hassan (Sakleshpur side) and the steep slope of Mugilabetta peak may have aided it to reach Shirady-Shishila forest, in the absence of rain.The fire from Mugilabetta side was contained using the backfire technique on Tuesday. The Shirady forest area in the Dakshina Kannada side is about 10,000 acres.But not everybody agrees that ground fires don't cause damage. `` Even ground fires cause quite a bit of damage. Once the fire burns the base of the tree, it eventually dies,'' says conservationist Niren Jain slowly dies.He also says fire due to natural cause like lightning in these kinds of forest is rare. ``It is mainly man made either to collect resin (for dhoopa used as incense) or get the fresh gass under the dry grass for grazing.``Maintaining fire lines and forest watchers are important to prevent such kind of events,'' adds Jain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12422126", "title": "Man strangles wife, 4-yr-old daughter", "text": "VARANASI: A woman and her four-year-old daughter were strangulated by her husband at Karenua village under Mehnagar police station limits in Azamgarh district on Sunday night.The police arrested the accused on Monday. According to reports, Ajay Kumar allegedly strangulated his wife Ritu (30) and daughter Dolly (4) when they were sleeping. Some family tension was stated to be the reason behind the incident. The police were investigating the matter.In another case, a 22-year-old woman, Savita Devi, was shot dead by some miscreants at Shekhmauli village under Jiyanpur police station limits in Azamgarh district on Sunday night.According to reports, the woman had gone to the field when the miscreants opened fire at her. She was rushed to the hospital where doctors declared her dead.No arrest was made in this connection till Monday. The police were investigating the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12422317", "title": "Betul SP shifted, deputy SP suspended", "text": "BHOPAL: The Madhya Pradesh government on Monday transferred the Betul district SP, suspended a deputy SP and two other policemen, a day after the State Women's Commission slammed the police for its 'inaction leading to a tribal woman's murder' for refusing to withdraw a complaint against her minor daughter's rapist.\"SP B S Chouhan has been transferred to the police headquarters as assistant inspector general. Lalit Shakyawar has been appointed in his place,\" a government spokesman said. DySP Satish Chandra Mishra , sub-inspector R Bisare and head constable Surendra Shukla were suspended pending an inquiry against them.It's for the first time in the past seven years that the state government is posting a direct IPS as Betul district SP.All the SPs during these years were promotee officers.\"Law and order situation in the district will definitely improve. I don't think it's a big challenge\", new SP Shakyawar said. In the past couple of months, Betul district hit headlines for the rise in the incidents of rape and gang-rape.The leader of the opposition Ajay Singh on Monday moved a call attention notice in the assembly, seeking a discussion on the issue. Later, he also demanded action against police officers responsible for the lapse. Before the issue came up in the house, the state government promptly transferred the SP out and suspended three other policemen, posted in the special police station meant to deal with cases pertaining to the atrocities on scheduled castes.On March 23, five men had reportedly barged into the house of Imarti Bai and shot her dead in front of other family members. In the last week of February, the tribal woman had lodged a complaint with the police alleging that her school going daughter was abducted and raped. Subsequently, the accused began pressurizing the family to backtrack from their statement but the tribal woman refused.Subsequently, the rape victim had claimed that the police did not act timely even after her mother told the police and the district administration about the threats being received by the family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12422769", "title": "Cricket match turns ugly, teen thrashed", "text": "MUMBAI: A teenager was beaten up by his friends in Masjid after the boys got into an argument while playing cricket. The victim, Narayan Shetty (18), was playing cricket with his neighbourhood friends on Sunday afternoon. An altercation over a run-out led to three boys ganging up against Shetty and assaulting him with a bat. The accused have been identified as Rohit, Shah Rukh and Ramzan. The three have been arrested by the Pydhonie police. Shetty was admitted to JJ Hospital where he received treatment and was later discharged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "12422428", "title": "Hindu girl\u2019s conversion case reaches Pak SC", "text": "ISLAMABAD: The controversy surrounding the conversion of a 19-year-old Hindu girl, Rinkel Kumari, to Islam, and her marriage to a Muslim youth, remained unresolved when the supreme court on Monday put off recording her statement. The court is to judge whether she was converted forcibly.The matter will come up again on April 18. Until then, Rinkel and her husband Naveed Shah will stay in a shelter home, the court said.Daya Kumar, one of Rinkel's relatives, said that she wanted to go with her parents but the court said that she should record her statement free from pressure.Rinkel's conversion was taken up in parliament after president Asif Ali Zardari's intervention following a letter from the US congressman Brad Sherman , asking him to end harassment of minorities in Pakistan.Rinkel had disappeared from home in Mirpur Mathelo , Sindh, on February 24. Hours later her family was informed by Mian Shaman, an influential cleric and brother of a PPP legislator, that she had visited him and wished to become a Muslim to marry her lover, Naveed.By evening, Rinkel had converted to Islam, married Shah and changed her name to Faryal Bibi. Rinkel had said in her earlier court statement that she converted and married of her free will.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "12421048", "title": "Health cover of Rs 2L per family", "text": "PORVORIM: The state budget has announced a modified state insurance scheme for citizens, the 'Swarnajayanti Bhima Yojana', by increasing the benefit cover to Rs 2 lakh from the existing Rs 60,000 per family.Corrective intervention will be carried out in case of Goa medical college (GMC) on its administrative and functional front by addressing issues of inadequate number of doctors, specialist medical personnel and by weeding out excess non-technical staff.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar has announced that all types of super-specialty services will be provided through an appropriate implementation programme at the GMC, Bambolim.\"To ensure better service delivery and independent functioning, I propose to provide administrative autonomy to both district hospitals. The existing mediclaim scheme shall be upgraded by including all critical ailments in the ambit of the scheme,\" Parrikar said.Health centres including those at Tuem, Cacora and Chicalim will be upgraded, Parrikar said, adding that new health facilities will be established, wherever needed. The hospitals at Usgao-Tisk, Ponda, Bicholim, Sanquelim will be made operational within three months, while the on-going work at Margao and Valpoi will be expedited. Extensive upgradation of the rural health centre at Mandur will be taken up on priority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12420637", "title": "MPs close ranks in Parliament over Team Anna's comments", "text": "NEW DELHI: Comments of Team Anna members labeling MPs as criminals guilty of crimes like murder and rape sparked a row in Parliament on Monday, with political parties condemning the remarks and some leaders suggesting that Lok Sabha pass a resolution condemning the allegations.Team Anna member Arvind Kejriwal's comments about criminals sitting in Parliament, the demand at Sunday's rally for FIRs to be registered against 14 Union ministers and taunts that MPs could never legislate a Lokpal law to check corruption united parliamentarians on Monday, with leaders lashing out at the activists.Leader of Opposition in Lok Sabha Sushma Swaraj set the tone by saying that Team Anna must not lose sight of decorum, while pressing its demands. JD (U) leader Sharad Yadav said the chair could move a resolution censuring the activists for leveling unsubstantiated charges.JD(U) president Sharad Yadav asked the chair to consider a resolution condemning the \"uncivil\" language used against MPs during Anna Hazare's day-long fast on Sunday.Kejriwal remained unrepentant, reiterating that the current Parliament has a serious credibility deficit as 162 MPs had criminal records. \"Parliament should recognize the problem. If people are losing faith in Parliament, then it is a serious problem of credibility. They should introspect,\" he said.In Lok Sabha, Yadav launched a sharp attack on Team Anna, reminding the activists that he along with most Opposition leaders had stood up for the Gandhian leader when he was arrested by the Delhi police last year. \"We stood up to speak for Hazare, but this language is not acceptable,\" the JD(U) leader said.Swaraj argued intemperate attacks were harming institutions and this could be read as an attempt to encourage or back dictatorship. Team Anna wants the Lokpal Bill to be cleared by the very Parliament that it is attacking for being corrupt. If MPs were looters and corrupt, why did Team Anna send three demands to be incorporated in a resolution passed by Parliament.While no MP has as yet sought to move a notice against Team Anna members, privilege committee chair P C Chacko said that remarks made at Sunday's rally \"were a fit case of privilege.\" He told TOI that \"no one should be allowed to run down Parliament by making general comments in an insulting and unsavory manner\". \"The remarks are an attempt to blackmail parliamentarians into accepting whatever the activists are demanding,\" Chacko said.However, it could be a reflection of the political class's wariness over tangling with the transparency activists that a notice against Kejriwal for an earlier speech has been withdrawn. Congress spokesperson Abhishek Singhvi said \"Just because Parliament may not fully assert right to privilege does not mean you call Parliamentarians criminals and goondas.\"The Congress spokesperson pointed out that the reaction to Team Anna's statements showed that parties were united in condemning the allegations. Accusing the activists of a totalitarian mindset, he said \"the fundamentalism of righteousness\" could not be accepted. Dissent could not be disgust and arrogance towards Parliament.In Lok Sabha, Congress MP Sanjay Nirupam said that while the activists initially seemed to have taken up cudgels against corruption and received widespread public support, it now appears that they were interested in running down the political class. SP MP Shailendra Kumar and CPM leader Basudeb Acharya also criticized the comments. Acharya maintained that the remarks were against the reputation of the entire House.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12420711", "title": "Valuables worth 11.26L stolen", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Thieves decamped with gold and diamond jewellery and cash worth Rs 11.26 lakh from a residence in Maninagar. Police suspect it to be a handiwork of an established gang and have started investigating the case.According to Maninagar police officials, Gulab Kundnani, a resident of Sai Nivas near Jawahar Chowk in Maninagar, had been to Vadodara with his family members between 12 noon on Saturday and 8 pm on Sunday. During that period, somebody entered into his residence and stole valuables from a safe and various cupboards.\"Kundanani had been to a religious place to seek blessings and had come back late on Sunday night. The family members were shocked when they saw the safe in a bedroom and cupboards open and the belongings ransacked. They immediately informed the police about the incident. Upon investigation, we found that the thieves had entered the house after breaking a rod on the kitchen window,\" said a Maninagar police official.Family members reported that the stolen goods include sets of gold and diamond jewellery, silver utensils and Rs 6,000 cash. Officials also questioned nearby residents if they had seen any movement during Saturday night.D M Chauhan, inspector of Maninagar police station, told TOI that they suspect involvement of more than two thieves in the case. \"We believe it to be the handiwork of a gang and have thus started collecting data of the gangs with similar modus operandi. The rod has been cut with a sharp instrument. One member might have entered first and then opened the door for others. We have consulted forensic science experts for clues,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12421828", "title": "Warangal in thick of things", "text": "HYDERABAD: By stoking the Telangana fire once again, Warangal district has once again reaffirmed its position as the hotbed of the separate state movement. Anaylsts said the intellectual fodder that the district provided to the T movement due to the activism in the various institutions located there has virtually ensured that the passion for the separate state has enveloped each and every inhabitant of Warangal including students, employees, teachers and the common man.Drawing a parallel between the Naxal movement and the demand for the separate state, the analysts were of the view that educational institutions like Regional Engineering College (now re-christened National Institute of Technology) and Kakatiya University acted as the fountainhead for the Naxal movement since the sixties and that they continued to provide the same to the Telangana movement once it was re-ignited in December 2009.\"Ideologues like Varavara Rao and the late, J Jayasankar, hailed from these institutes in Warangal. TRS floor leader E Rajinder was once a PDSU leader in Osmania University. Many TRS office-bearers in the Warangal and neighbouring districts were once upon a time Left student leaders. While many such leaders are active in the Naxal movement in central India, quite a few of them chose to plunge into the Telangana movement as that has become the raging issue in the region now,\" said an analyst.Thanks to Warangal being on the forefront of the T agitation, the demand for a separate state has percolated to each and every resident and to every nook and corner of the district. According to police sources, Warangal has accounted for 110 suicides (including the latest one of Rajamouli on Monday) since the T agitation re-surfaced in December 2009. And Bojya Naik's suicide last Saturday was the first in support of the T cause in the last 8 months.The two suicides in Warangal are also indicative of a shift among the people of the region, who for long had depended on the political leadership to lead their cause. \"Ever since the Sakula Janula Samme ended towards the end of last year, TRS has remained silent. Its chief K Chandrasekhar Rao had threatened that the agitation would be renewed after the annual student examinations in March. However, with the politicians not taking forward the cause except getting re-elected in the name of Telangana, the common man of the region is angry enough to take forward the movement on his own. That is the message that Warangal and the two suicides are giving to the politicians and people at large,\" said TRS activist R Rajasekhar from Hanamkonda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "12421564", "title": "DSGMC also files clemency petition before President", "text": "JALANDHAR: The Delhi Sikh Gurudwara Management Committee president, Paramjit Singh Sarna, and former additional solicitor general of India, K T S Tulsi, have filed a clemency petition before President of India for commuting Balwant Singh Rajoana's death sentence.The DSGMC has filed the petition even as SGPC has already filed a petition before the President. In its clemency petition, DSGMC has taken the ground that Rajoana was in prison for the last over 16 years and had been awaiting death each day and that the prolonged death sentence was inhuman suffering.The petition has cited the Punjab and Haryana high court judgment which held that RDX was brought by Jagtar Singh Hawara, but he was awarded life imprisonment. In such a case, it was wrong to award death sentence to Rajoana.It has also pointed out that the petition filed by CBI is still pending in Supreme Court and if findings of the HC would not be sustained by the SC with regard to Hawara, then it would have implication on Rajoana's conviction.The petition has also held that the hanging would deepen the wounds, healed after terrorism period, and that the death sentence should be commuted to life imprisonment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12422057", "title": "Man held for stealing CCTV camera", "text": "PUNE: The Bund Garden police on Sunday arrested a man for allegedly stealing a CCTV camera installed at the office of the joint sub-registrar, Haveli 10, on March 16.The police have identified the man as Ramesh Mahadev Kumbhar (45) of Kharadi. Kumbhar works as a driver for the deputy inspector general of registration and deputy controller of stamps of Pune. The incident came to light because his act was recorded by another CCTV camera and he was arrested on the basis of the footage.Joint sub-registrar Girish Bholane (54) has lodged a complaint in this regard. Bholane said in his complaint that three cameras were installed on the premises of the office. Two cameras were installed inside the office, while one was installed outside the office.On March 17, when the office boy, Rahul Pimpalgaonkar, came on duty, he noticed that the CCTV camera installed outside the office was missing. He saw a ladder near the wall, where the camera had been installed. Bholane informed senior officials and lodged a complaint.The police officials were also provided with the CCTV footage of another camera installed nearby.Police sub-inspector of the Bund Garden police station Ashok Randive said that while inspecting the CCTV footage, the police noticed that one person had come to the office between 11.54 pm to 11.58 pm and had stolen the camera. \"We took a photograph from the footage and showed it to officials, who immediately identified the man as Kumbhar.\"He said the police arrested Kumbhar on Sunday evening. \"When we searched his house, we found 7.5 kg of sandalwood and an amber beacon.\" Kumbhar was produced before the court on Monday and remanded to police custody till March 28.The suspect works as a driver for the deputy inspector general of registration and deputy controller of stamps of Pune. The incident came to light because his act was recorded by another CCTV camera and he was arrested on the basis of the footage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12422897", "title": "Drug dealer on death row", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In what could serve as a deterrent against the use and trade of narcotic drugs and psychotropic substances (NDPS), the district courts, here, on Monday awarded death sentence to a drug dealer, Balwinder Singh of Amritsar. He was accused of smuggling over four-kilogram heroin from Amritsar to Chandigarh. It is the second NDPS case in two months in which the local court has awarded capital punishment.The accused has already been serving a 10-year sentence in Amritsar jail in another drug peddling case. Special public prosecutor Kailash Chander told the court that Balwinder was a habitual offender and that earlier too he was convicted of possessing two-kilogram heroin. He appealed for capital punishment under Section 31 A of the NDPS Act.Additional district and sessions judge Shalini Singh Nagpal also awarded 12-year rigorous imprisonment and Rs 1-lakh fine to Balwinder's accomplice Satnam Singh.However, defence lawyer Santpal Singh Sidhu had contended that Balwinder was not a habitual offender and that they had already challenged his previous conviction in the high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12422401", "title": "Largesse for temples again", "text": "BANGALORE: Drought or floods, nothing stops the BJP government from doling out goodies to temples and religious institutions . Even in the supplementary estimates (third instalment ), the government has sanctioned an additional Rs 37.32 crore towards grant-inaid for temples and other religious institutions. This is besides the crores of rupees allocated in the state budget. On Monday, the government tabled the supplementary estimates (third instalment) of Rs 6177.7 crore in the assembly.Former CM BS Yeddyurappa's family-run educational institution Kumadvathi BEd college is one of the institutions to have got the largesse after revision of UGC payscales. In the supplementary estimates, the government sanctioned Rs 5 crore more to meet the salary needs of aided colleges after the revised payscales.An additional Rs 92 lakh has been sanctioned to meet the salary of staff of Kumadvathi BEd college, Shikaripur, and JSS BEd college, Sakleshpur.For A PriceRs 350 cr for crop loan interest subsidy Rs 350 cr for Bhagyalakshmi scheme Rs 95.72 cr to meet additional expenditure for BMRC loan Rs 3.4 cr to buy 25 new Innova cars for legislatorsSadananda Gowda Is Council LeaderKarnataka created a history of sorts on Monday, when chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda was appointed leader of the Upper House. He succeeded VS Acharya, who died of cardiac arrest last month. This is the first time a chief minister has been appointed leader of the House in the legislative council. In the past, all CMs have been leader of the assembly. Though the appointment came late, as the current budget session is on its last leg, it happened in rather unusual circumstances, within a couple of hours after chairman D H Shankar Murthy made a curt observation before question hour, about the delay in choosing the leader. Irked by Gowda's appointment, opposition leaders decried it as a bad precedent and wondered how he could coordinate legislative work and also ensure that he can be present to respond to questions in the absence of the leader of the House.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12422429", "title": "Students analyse Union Budget at Jaipuria Institute of Management", "text": "INDORE: A one-day seminar on 'Demystifying Union Budget 2012-13' was held at Jaipuria Institute of Management, Indore recently. The objective of holding the seminar was to discuss and analyse the recently presented budget. More than 200 students and industry experts, and academicians from management institutes like PIMR, IPS Academy, Acropolis, Amity, and IIPS participated in it.The inaugural session included a welcome and keynote address by the director of the Institute Dr Prabhat Pankaj. He explained how the budget is not just an intellectual exercise but is also about balancing the theoretical knowledge and a practical accounting effort.The first half included 'Post-Budget Analysis' competition. In the second half,Arif Shaikh- CEO - EWDL (Entertainment World Development) gave a perspective on the impact of Union Budget 2012-13 on FDI, retail, FMCG, real estate and infrastructure sectors. Dr Ganesh Kawadia - head, School of Economics, DAVV, Indore spoke on the impact of budget on economy and agriculture.Nisarga Agarwal, Sravanti Ivaturi and Chandra Pal Singh were declared the winners and awarded cash prizes.Certificates were distributed to the participants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12421888", "title": "Jose Prakash given a tearful farewell amid rich tributes", "text": "KOCHI: Veteran actor Jose Prakash was laid to rest at St Mary's Basilica cemetery in Kochi with state honors on Monday. The body was brought to Ernakulam town hall from the house of his younger son Shaji Joseph at Aluva at around 9.30am. The body was kept there for the public to pay their last respects till 11.30am and then was taken to the cemetery. His daughter Jasmine, who arrived in Kochi this morning from abroad, came directly from the airport to the town hall to see her father for the last time.Cultural affairs minister K C Joseph paid the homage to the departed soul on behalf of the state government while S Sarma MLA paid last respects on behalf of opposition leader V S Achuthanandan.Revenue minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan and public works minister V K Ibrahimkunju, MLAs Hibi Eden, Dominic Presentation, Loudi Louis, Benny Behnan and Jose Thettayil, mayor Tony Chammany, district collector P I Shiek Pareeth, additional district magistrate (ADM) E K Sujatha, actors Siddique, Jayaram, Janardhanan, Edavela Babu and Captain Raju and directors Siby Malayil and Siddique were also there in the crowd which thronged the town hall and church to bid adieu to Jose Prakash.Jose Prakash was laid to rest in the same vault where his wife Philomina who died a few years ago had been buried.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12421740", "title": "HIV patient kills wife, self", "text": "HYDERABAD: An HIV-positive person allegedly killed his wife and later committed suicide at Ghatkesar on Monday. Incidentally, his wife was also HIV-positive.The victim, identified as Prabhavati, 35, of Annojiguda, was stabbed to death by her husband, Edukondalu, at their house on Sunday night when she was asleep. After stabbing her, he went to a nearby temple and consumed pesticide, Ghatkesar inspector G Sreeram Kumar said.The couple, who hailed from Prakasam district, had three sons. Edukondalu, a construction supervisor, contracted HIV five years ago. After that he stopped going to work. His wife also contracted HIV but her health was normal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12422550", "title": "Mercury dips, but morning humidity soars", "text": "MUMBAI: Days after it was enveloped in layers of dust, the city woke up to a thick layer of fog in the wee hours of Monday. The weather department, however, said it was not an unusual phenomenon. Visibility was a little less than 2km on Monday and railway services were affected in some places due to this. The weather department said excessive humidity in the air was the reason behind the fog. The maximum temperature came down by around 4 degrees Celsius in both Santa Cruz and Colaba.\"Lower-level Westerly winds are hitting the city,\" said an official from the Indian Meteorological Department (IMD), Mumbai. \"There was more moisture from the oceanic air, while that on the land was dry. When these two mix, there is formation of water vapour. This is why the city witnessed a layer of fog on Monday,\" he added.The weather bureau said the city might witness more fog if the wind conditions remained similar to those experienced on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "12420980", "title": "House condoles demise of noted Goans", "text": "PORVORIM: Observing a minute's silence, members of Goa's state legislative assembly condoled the death of late tourism minister Matanhy Saldanha on Monday.\"Within four days, beginning with Matanhy's death, we have lost six prominent personalities in Goa,\" said chief minister Manohar Parrikar, speaking on the obituary reference. Parrikar said that the only way to reciprocate Saldanha's contribution to Goa was by performing what he wanted to perform.\"If we have to pay tribute to Matanhy, then we have to take the dream of Matanhy to a logical conclusion,\" he added. Urban development minister Francis D' Souza said Saldanha was always fighting for Goa, Goans and to save the identity of Goa.\"If we really have to do something for Matanhy, then we have to work together to pursue the special status resolution which was passed in the assembly,\" he said.Health minister Laxmikant Parsekar suggested that a medical check up should be held for all legislators twice a year. He also said that Saldanha was a man of principles which was witnessed by the people, during the toppling of the BJP government in the state in 2005.PWD minister Ramkrishna 'Sudin' Dhavalikar said that Saldanha's last words were that he would not give a single inch of forest land for mining. \"These are the type of people we want, and we have to carry forward his vision,\" he said.Nuvem MLA Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco said that during Saldanha's last tenure, he had constructed a complex and developed a sports ground in his constituency. \"I want the government to name both places in his name,\" Pacheco said.Independent MLA from Porvorim, Rohan Khaunte said that Saldanha had promised him that the Salvador do Mundo lake would be developed. \"I request the government to complete the work and name the lake after him,\" he said.Leader of opposition Pratapsingh Rane said that Saldanha's death came as a shock to the legislators. \"I wish we could have worked with him for the development of the state,\" he said. The house also paid tribute to Remy Colaco, Ashok Kare, Dr Kasturi Desai, Sulochana Chowgule and Radhabai Kamat Chandgadkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12421910", "title": "Officials to move road safety panel", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The officials undertaking the City Road Improvement Project (CRIP) are planning to approach the Road Safety Authority to get on with the work on stretches where the presence of trees has hindered the progress of work. An environmental committee appointed by the state government had earlier denied the clearance to fell trees in certain corridors coming under CRIP. The officials had to indefinitely put off the work in such areas following the directive.The committee had directed the road fund board against cutting of trees in front of treasury building, LMS junction and Vellayambalam. Consequently the proposal for a free left-turn with a width of 4.5 metre at the Secretariat junction was almost dropped. It was also envisaged to construct a median at the junction to facilitate smooth vehicular traffic.\"We cannot proceed with both the proposals till the validity of the environmental committee is over. But the proposals cannot be revised and an intervention of road safety authority is the only option left before us,\" said an official. All the inconvenience caused by the decision of environmental committee to pedestrians and motorists will be detailed before the technical committee of the authority.The officials also say that according to the Indian road congress code, it is illegal to have trees belonging to ficus species on road since their roots penetrate deep into the ground. The committee had prevented the cutting of ficus trees in front of the treasury office.N S Srinivasan, the chief architect of CRIP and officials of road fund board will likely have a meeting with the government next week to arrive at a consensus regarding the felling of 64 trees near Amayizhanjan canal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12422833", "title": "Air India staff sign salary payment document", "text": "MUMBAI: After months of uncertainty over payment of salaries and allowances, Air India employees finally got respite on Monday as the airline not only chalked out a payment schedule, but also made it a legal document by signing it in the presence of a labour commissioner.The airline management and unions met in the office of deputy chief labour commissioner with the document on payment schedule. According to the schedule , salary/allowance payments will be made on March 29, April 25, April 30, May 25 and May 30 to different categories of employees. \"The management has also committed in the letter that as and when the Rs 4000 crores announced in the Union Budget is received by the company the entire arrears will be cleared within a week of receipt of the money,'' said a circular issued by the employees' guild.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12422592", "title": "In right direction, but implementation is a challenge", "text": "It is a budget in the right direction but implementation is a big challenge. The budget tried to make everyone happy. The focus is on welfare of common man by giving emphasis on health, education and creating employment opportunities and infrastructure. Higher allocation for road network, power sector, irrigation and introduction of Chief Minister's Urban BPL Housing Scheme, in addition to rural BPL housing scheme and BPL employment scheme are certainly welcome steps.However, the budget is completely silent on power tariff reforms which are due for a long time. The power companies are facing severe losses. The companies need to have sufficient resources for functioning and need proper power supply.This budget should also be seen in the light of achieving Millennium Development Goals (MDGs). However, it looks almost impossible to meet MDGs by 2015 but enhancing allocation to health and education sectors and providing additional teachers and health workers is certainly a step forward in this direction. But the experience shows that increased allocations could not be converted into expected educational outcomes. Despite significant financial allocations, quality of education in government schools remains poor. As a result, the ratio of students in private schools as proportion to total number of students is rising continuously.The establishment of Academic Staff College for training of teachers and taking BEd colleges directly under the control of state government will help in improving the quality of teachers and hence, of school education.Like education, the poor is forced to go to private hospitals due to poor network and quality of public health services. A limited number of doctors/health workers has forced them to cover a large number and service area. This makes them very difficult to track the patients and needy. Employing large number of health workers along with the rise in their emoluments is a welcome step to move forward in direction of the MDGs.On tax front, both tax revenue, and non- tax revenue have shown a rise of 24% and 54% respectively and government has also given various tax concessions for the coming year. The budget does not give much emphasis on resource mobilisation. However, the state has moved forward to keep the VAT in line with the neighbouring states. Higher VAT in the state was encouraging purchases from neighbouring states. People were expecting reduction in VAT on petrol and they got it.Overall, the budget looks quite ambitious and the question remains of its implementation. We need to think in terms of outcome of budget and see how much announcements and allocations made in last year's budget have been implemented in practice.Vijayveer Singh | Head of the Economics department, Rajasthan University", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12423059", "title": "Come April, there won't be delay in govt services", "text": "MYSORE: Come April, about 151 listed services by 11 departments, including revenue, urban development and health and family welfare and home department, won't be delayed. But if it happens, the petitioner is eligible to claim a compensation of Rs 20 per day.Under the Karnataka Guarantee of Services to Citizens' Act (2011), the government has fixed deadline for all the listed services. Accordingly, if the officials concerned delay or default in delivering those services, the petitioner may appeal to the competent officer and also seek compensation for the delay.The Act empowers people to avail of services like obtaining income certificate, caste certificate, trade licence, new building licence, birth/ death certificate, disability certificate, driving licence, conversion of land for non-agricultural purpose, unemployment certificates, changes in ration card, re-totaling and revaluation of exam answer script and duplicate mark sheet, age and disability certificate and getting a copy of FIR within the stipulated time.\"Petitioners can hereafter file applications to seek the services in person or by post or e-mail,\" said additional deputy commissioner and in charge deputy commissioner Naganayak. District officers have been trained at Administrative Training Institute in mid-March in this regard.The listed services have been computerized for easy execution, and the date of submission of petitions is registered. In case of delay, one can approach competent authority and thereafter to the appellate for redressal. The petitioner can claim compensation of Rs 20 per day from the designated officer who fails to deliver the service within the stipulated time. The designated officer shall be liable to pay the aggrieved person the compensatory cost.It will be formally launched at the taluk office on April 2, the ADC stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12422669", "title": "Meritorious students to get 'learning' laptops", "text": "JAIPUR: In a major impetus to higher education, six state universities have been announced, along with more allocation of funds to improve quality of education and encourage innovation.A budgetary allocation of Rs 70 crore has been announced to award 'Special learning laptops' to 10,000 toppers each of Class X and XII. Another 24,000 laptops will be given to Class VIII toppers graduating from 24,000 government schools under Rajiv Gandhi Digital Vidhyarthi Yojna. This scheme aims at bringing down the drop out rate in schools after Class VIII, and increase the gross enrolment ratio in colleges.Staying true to his promise, the CM announced setting up of Matysa University in Alwar, Shekawati University in Sikar and Brij University in Bharatpur. Ten acre land and a grant of Rs 5 crore has also been allotted to each of these universities.With an aim to make higher education accessible to the tribals, a special university will be set up in Udaipur, which has a high concentration of tribals.The state capital will be the address for 'Journalism and Communication University' and will be provided a one-time grant of Rs 10 crore. Sardar Patel Police University is coming up in Jodhpur which has been allocated a grant of Rs 20 crore.The announcement comes at a time when the existing universities are facing resource constraints, faculty crunch and infrastructure problems. \"The allocations made for the new universities are very low and symbolic in nature. It would have been appreciated if the government gave a thought about addressing financial and infrastructural concerns of the existing universities,\" said Rajiv Gupta, head of department, sociology, Rajasthan University.After facing criticism over the state's cold response to Right to Education Act, Gehlot announced recruitment of 20,000 teachers in government schools. \"The recruitment of 41,000 teachers (announced last year) will be completed shortly,\" said Gehlot during the budget speech.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12422697", "title": "Recruitment dreams may remain on paper only", "text": "JAIPUR: A total of close to 1 lakh jobs is a promise that can win hearts of many unemployed youth, but Opposition leader Vasundhara Raje said the huge number is backlog of past three years.Given the dismal track record of recruitments, and the opposition of Gujjar community to it until their quota issue is settled, the dream is likely to remain on papers only.The government has proposed as many as six universities but experts say the amount allocated is too small to realize the institutions. For four universities, the budget makes a provision for Rs 65 crore.While the chief minister's free medicine scheme received an allocation of Rs 300 crore, there were a slew of proposals for health sector including 3,000 health sub-centres, 100 new primary centres, and hiking the salaries of anganwadi workers by 10%.However, Raje said the salary hike may look good in percentage terms but actually it will be a mere Rs 300 for para-medics.In the absence of any new taxes on industry, the industrial leaders found the budget exciting as it proposed to reduce the taxes on motorcyles, cars, auto parts and extended tax-free import of equipment.Besides tax reliefs, Gehlot proposed to set up an apparel park in Alwar and new auto hubs in Neemrana for investment by Japanese companies.\"Renewable and non-renewable energy and road network development would be precursors to the overall growth and development of the state. Special zones for textiles, auto sector and manufacturing in the DMIC catchment area would help drive in investments,\" said Dileep Baid, chairman, CII, Rajasthan.The strong fiscal situation played an important role as the government could afford to dole out sops instead of imposing heavy taxes. The state's tax collections notched up an impressive 24% growth and non-tax revenues grew by 54% during 2011-12.Although massive allocations to power and water sectors were made, there was no cheer as the state continuous to face acute shortage in both the resources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12424949", "title": "Agnidev Chatterjee to go for another bold subject", "text": "After exploring extra-marital relationships in \" Charuulata 2011\", his bold relook at the Ray classic, director Agnidev Chatterjee is firming up plans for his next film, which explores the aftermath of a sex worker's rape.Rituparna Sengupta and Swastika Mukherjee have already been signed on for two of the main roles - that of a television journalist and of an IPS officer respectively.The third woman is supposed to be a sex worker who gets raped. Despite the sex worker twist, does the story reminds you of the Park Street rape case? Agnidev is not willing to talk about that just yet. \"It's not something I'm ready to comment on now. But with so many rape cases all around I found the subject topical,\" says Agnidev.What he does tell us is that the film will have three strong female figures. \"The film celebrates woman power. While Rituparna plays a television journalist, Swastika is a high-ranked police officer. For the third role, I might take someone from Mumbai,\" he says.Agnidev is still working on the final script, which raises two questions. \"Is it okay for a prostitute to be raped? And, what happens when a man is married to two women and they fall in love with each other? Eer theke beshi ami aar kichhu bolbo na,\" says Agnidev, who loves working on womencentric themes. The music is by Indraadip Dasgupta.Swastika, on her part, says, \"I am really looking forward to the film. I feel my character is a strong one.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12422572", "title": "Police wait for PWD\u2019s report on lift accident", "text": "Three of the victims injured in Sunday's lift collapse at a Goregaon high-rise are likely to undergo surgery for ligament injuries . Ten people were injured when a lift in the Chamunda Jewel building collapsed from the fifthfloor around 1 pm. A preliminary inspection by the police suggested that the lift's cable snapped , but a conclusive report by the public works department (PWD) is awaited .\"Five of the victims were admitted to our hospital on Sunday . At least three will require arthroscopy (a minimally invasive surgical procedure to treat many orthopaedic conditions ) for ligament tears . They are Dinesh Shrivastava (37), Jasminkant Jain (40) and Pravin Jain (32),\" said Afzal Shaikh , vice-president of the Surana Group of Hospitals . Pravin is worst affected with more than two damaged ligaments . He is the complainant in the police case filed against the builder and the elevator maintenance company . A resident of Bangur Nagar , Pravin had come to the Chamunda building for the housewarming ceremony of his relative Shashikant Jain , who lives on the seventh floor .Among the other victims , Darshan Gill suffered compression fractures in his foot bone and spine . Venkatesh Bajaj (38 ) has recuperated and will be discharged on Tuesday , doctors said . Bajaj , a resident of Goregaon (West), had suffered a spinal injury .Police officers said the building was newly constructed and many residents had moved in six months ago . \"Chamunda Developers have been booked as has the elevator maintenance firm Hallmark Elevators Pvt Ltd on charges of causing hurt by endangering the life and personal safety of others . No arrests have been made yet . We are waiting for a report from the PWD department ,\" said senior inspector Arun Jadhav .The victims said the lift had a carrying capacity of 12 people , but only 10 had gotten in at the time of the incident . Repeated phone calls to Hallmark Elevators for comments went unanswered .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12422868", "title": "Bonanza for medical students in offing", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Students of medical and dental sciences studying in Panjab University-affiliated colleges might get rid of the monopoly of one examiner evaluating both their practical as well as theory paper.To make the evaluation system more transparent and in the wake of the reported victimization of students leading them to suicides, PU syndicate has approved recommendations of a committee to check control of one evaluator. A meeting of PU senate is scheduled for March 31 in which a final call will be taken on the matter.\"Even if a student fared well in theory or practical exam, he at times complained that he was given less marks in the other test as he was not on good terms with the examiner. We propose a system in which students will not suffer,\" said PU senator G K Chathrath. He added that the theory paper would be held before the practical exam.The matter was raised last year by the members of PU medical faculty in view of suicides by \"harried\" students due to the rigid examination system. \"The recommendations of the medical fraternity were put forth after some members said that a few students were discriminated against by the examiners,\" Ashok Goyal, another PU senator, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12421805", "title": "A community bonds on pitch", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Marwari community in Old City has come up with an interesting way to blend their love for cricket and their community get-togethers by organising community cricket leagues. With budgets ranging from Rs 5 lakh to Rs 40 lakh, these tournaments have gone from small community events to huge extravaganzas complete with team uniforms, top notch cricket gear and attractive cash prizes.The atmosphere at these tournaments is a festive one, with players of both teams on the field donning uniforms and sporting high-end cricket accessories even as cheering crowds of friends and family feast on a lavish spread available there. Commentators and DJs keep the spirits up encouraging both players and spectators to break into a jig every time a boundary is hit or a wicket falls. Manoj Soni, an organiser of such a tournament which was held a week ago at Quli Qutub Shahi Stadium said, \"People from various communities like Sikhwal Brahman Samaj, Maali Samaj, Agarwal Samaj and Maheshwari Samaj have their own tournaments.\"Talking about how these leagues have grown over time he said, \"The tournament held last week was organised with a total budget of around Rs 5 lakh. We get a lot of sponsors from the same community who come forward to contribute towards the expenses and ask for a banner of their store or business to be put up at the venue. Participating teams in such leagues pay an entry fee of Rs 15,000 to Rs 20,000.\"Many are now taking these tournaments to the next level by organizing matches among all the various communities. Mukesh Ojha, chairman of Rajasthan Premier League (RPL) which started last year said, \"A total of 20 teams, including ones like Sikhwal Seniors, Maheshwari Warriors and Jain Samaj and two teams from Rajasthan participated in the RPL last year. We succeeded in getting many big sponsors and our budget was Rs 40 lakh with the first and second prizes being Rs 1 lakh and Rs 50,000 respectively. We even had a big opening ceremony at Classic Gardens. We are planning to have another RPL soon.\"Explaining the reason behind organising such events, Vinod Pandya, a member of the Sikhwal Brahman Samaj and a participant in the recently held Sikhwal Brahman Premier League said, \"This is an annual event and brings the entire community together, encourages the children to engage in sports. There are over 5000 houses belonging to Marwari families in the Begum Bazaar area, so an event of such magnitude is necessary to bring everyone together once a year.\"Youngsters too take a keen interest in these tournaments, taking time out for practice and bringing a festive feel to the event. Sagar Upadhya, a student and a member of the Sikhwal Tigers team said, \"We take the matches very seriously and we make sure we practice every morning for a month or two before the tournament. The entire event is a lot of fun and we look forward to it every year.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12421477", "title": "Hurriyat hawk Syed Geelani heckled in city", "text": "NEW DELHI: Hurriyat leader Syed Ali Shah Geelani was on Monday heckled at a seminar in north Delhi by ABVP supporters who were outraged at his presence in the capital.Geelani was attending a seminar organized by the Centre for the Study of Developing Societies.Witnesses said that when Geelani arrived at the venue in the Civil Lines area, protestors from ABVP, DUDU and Bhagat Singh Kranti Sena surrounded him and began raising slogans asking him to leave the venue amidst chants of Vande Matram.However, intervention by police saved Geelani as they escorted him inside the venue. DCP (north) I B Rani, said, \"The situation was under control and no unwanted persons were allowed to enter the venue. We stopped them on time. No case has been registered as we have not received any complaint yet.\"Condemning the attack, Jammu and Kashmir chief minister Omar Abdullah said it will not make the Kashmir issue disappear.Reacting to the incident, he said, \"These BSKS &amp; ABVP goons are bloody idiots. Anyone can assault an old man. As if attacking Syed Ali Shah Geelani will make the Kashmir issue disappear,\" he tweeted. ABVP state secretary Rohit Chahal said his outfit will continue objecting to the presence of Geelani at any seminar in the capital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12422876", "title": "Cover more services under e-Suvidha: CM", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Information Technology and Electronics industry in the state got a shot in the arm on Monday after chief minister Akhilesh Yadav ordered the formation of a new IT policy. Instructing the state government mechanism to set up IT and Business Process Outsourcing (BPO) units in Lucknow and Agra, Akhilesh said there was a need to promote IT, IT-enabled services, computer hardware and electronic markets in the state.Saying that the IT and affiliated industries had the potential to generate large-scale employment opportunities, Akhilesh said there was also a need to educate larger numbers of youth and give them jobs in this industry. The chief minister also said that a consolidated IT education policy was also needed for more employment in UP.Laying emphasis on making the e-Suvidha facility available across urban and rural regions of the state, Akhilesh instructed the electronics and IT department to set up e-Suvidha centres on a public-private partnership model. Asking for an expansion of the e-Suvidha services in Lucknow, the CM said there was a need to increase the ambit of the services available under the e-Suvidha facility. More people-friendly services, he said, needed to be covered under the model. Currently, the state government offers facilities for online payment of electricity bills, house tax, water and sewer tax, BSNL basic phone, wireless landline, PCO and mobile bills. In Lucknow, residents also have the facility to pay EMIs to LDA and reserve normal and tatkal railway tickets. Over time, the services are expected to extend to at least six more heads, including new applications for passports, RTO road tax and Lucknow University and school fee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "12420939", "title": "3,000 m3 of ore illegally mined at Morlem: Government", "text": "KERI: Officials from the directorate of mines and geology visited the site of illegal mining at Morlem and confirmed that the extracted material from the area contained a significant amount of ore content.Valpoi police have already arrested 18 persons for illegal extraction of ore in Morlem-Sattari, which was transported and stacked at Cotombi in Bicholim. An ore-laden truck and an excavator machine were confiscated by police.According to sources in the directorate of mines and geology, around 3,000 cubic meters of ore has been excavated and transported from the agricultural plot owned by Deu Narayan Raut bearing survey no.119/2 .Valpoi PI Siddhant Shirodkar said, \"As soon as we receive the sample of ore from the directorate of mines and geology, the same will be sent to the laboratory at Hyderabad for confirmation.\"Geologist Deepak Mayekar and a field surveyor visited the site of illegal mining at Morlem and submitted the report of their findings to the department.Morlem resident Datta Gaonkar, 50, said, \"The government had taken over our agricultural fields and handed it over to the rehabilitated families residing in Morlem. But, some of the rehabilitated families, instead of undertaking agriculture, have undertaken mining of laterite bricks and also of iron ore. The government should discourage this type of thing at the earliest.\"The judicial magistrate first class, Valpoi, has given a five-day police remand to 11 out of 18 persons arrested.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar has already made it clear that his government will not tolerate illegal mining activity in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12422625", "title": "Gehlot shows sporting spirit, announces slew of academies", "text": "The success of Rajasthan rowers Bajrang Lal Takhar, Satish Joshi and Giriraj Singh at international events has prompted the state to announce opening of a rowing academy in Kota.Sports and youth affairs secretary Rohit Kumar Singh said, \"Kota has perennial source of water. Due to lack of facilities, rowers like Takhar, Joshi and Singh had to go out of the state to excel. The academy will ensure that such talented sportspersons are provided adequate facilities in the state.\"Along with rowing, basketball and kabaddi academy are likely to come up in Jaisalmer and Karauli districts respectively. Each academy will be provided a fund of Rs50 lakh.A tribal sports academy has been announced in Udaipur with a grant of Rs 5 crore. Jodhpur, meanwhile, will be home to a football academy.Singh said, \"The budget has covered all the tree aspects necessary for sports development --- infrastructure, training and incentives. For new stadiums, Rs 2 crore each for 8 districts and a separate Rs 2.5 crore for maintenance of the existing stadium have been allocated. The government has increased the incentives for medal winners in national and international events by 10 times.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12422934", "title": "Vat a relief for diabetics in TN", "text": "CHENNAI: The state budget promises to lower the expenditure of diabetics on medication and make it easier for them to adopt healthy food choices. The government's waiver of value added tax on insulin will lead to direct savings on insulin, and the removal of VAT on wheat and oats will make it easy for patients to switch to a diabetic-friendly diet.Finance minister O Panneerselvam, who announced that the government had fully exempted wheat and oats from VAT, said it had also waived the tax on insulin that was earlier fixed at 5%.Diabetes affects one in every five people in Chennai, cutting across age, gender and economic status. Patients who pay Rs 169.04 for a vial of insulin will on an average now save Rs 8.45, and those who spend Rs 801.02 on the more expensive version will save Rs 40.The tax exemption will benefit rural areas too where incidence of diabetes is on the rise and now afflicts one in eight people.Diabetics who are prescribed only tablets spend at least Rs 15,500 for management and treatment of the disorder each month. Insulin is available in various versions and a person using the cheapest version of the medication spends at least Rs 310 per month, while others could have to pay up to Rs 1,800 a month. The price increases if they have problems like blood pressure and cholesterol.\"If the cost benefit is transferred to patients, it will make a huge difference to their quality of life, particularly for the poor,\" said diabetologist Dr Vijay Vishwanathan of MV Hospital for Diabetes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12425295", "title": "Saif's funny &amp; Kareena chilled-out: Randeep Hooda", "text": "Actor Randeep Hooda who has been lucky enough to have worked with great actors-directors like Ajay Devgn, Ram Gopal Varma, Sushmita Sen and other's, is busy these days shooting with real-life jodi and 'Agent Vinod's' lead pair Saif Ali Khan and Kareena Kapoor .The actor, who'll be seen with Saif in 'Cocktail' and Kareena in 'Heroine', is all praise for the couple. Says he, \"Though I'm just playing a part in Cocktail, it was fun working with Saif. I liked him as a co-star who's very a cool and debonair guy. It's also great to be around him as he's very funny at times.\" Randeep adds, \"I have also started shooting for Heroine with Kareena and must say; she's very chilled-out and a good actress. Moreover, it's very comfortable to work with an actress like her who has so much of experience. That itself puts you on a comfort level. She's wonderful to talk to, be around and it was nice to work with her.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12421990", "title": "Ignoring Poorvanchalis may cost BJP dear in elections", "text": "NEW DELHI: WInning over the city's 40 lakh Poorvanchali voters will not be easy for the BJP, as the community is upset over its members getting just 21 tickets for the municipal polls. Seven of these candidates are sitting councillors. The dissatisfaction may hurt BJP's chances in areas like west Delhi, Najafgarh, Mehrauli and Karol Bagh that have a strong Poorvanchali representation. Nitish Kumar's Janata Dal (United) could further dent the BJP's results as it has fielded Poorvanchali candidates on more than 40 seats, mostly in east, west and outer Delhi. In 2007, BJP had 25-30 candidates from the community.\"In the 80 wards of west Delhi, Najafgarh, Mehrauli and Karol Bagh, Poorvanchalis make up 50% of the population but the BJP has given just two tickets to members of the community,'' a BJP leader pointed out. The party has given them eight and nine seats respectively in east and north Delhi.Although the party's nominations don't reflect it, the BJP has gone out of its way to woo Poorvanchali voters in the last one year. From allocation of special funds for Chhath Puja to pressuring the government to declare the day a gazetted holiday, the party tried to project itself as a friend of the community. In February, it also organized a grand gathering to mobilize Poorvanchali voters, and registered more than one lakh of them. \"We have tried our best to accommodate them, but with 50% reservation for women it was difficult for us to decide on the seats,'' said BJP's national secretary Vani Tripathi.Source say BJP gave fewer seats to Poorvanchalis this time as it was relying on an alliance with JD(U) to pull votes. But with JD(U) going it alone in the municipal elections, BJP is in a difficult position now, especially with other parties like LJP, RJD, SP and BSP that have a strong base in the eastern states also wooing Poorvanchali voters.But BJP's Poorvanchali wing is confident of winning all the 21 seats where it has nominated community candidates. \"We have carefully selected the candidates. The BJP has given more tickets to Poorvanchalis than Congress,'' said Abhay Verma, president of the Poorvanchali wing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12422773", "title": "MP had warned PM on Coalgate", "text": "MUMBAI: Senior BJP Lok Sabha member Hansraj Ahir, a member of the parliamentary standing committee on coal and steel, on Monday urged PM Manmohan Singh to immediately cancel all the coal blocks allotted to the private sector in the national interest.\"There is absolutely no dispute on The Times of India's report on the CAG's observations on massive losses owing to failure of the government to auction coal blocks. In my opinion, the losses are much more than estimated by the CAG. In the national interest, the PM must step in and cancel all the coal blocks allotted to the private sector,'' Ahir said.Ahir, a three-term MP from Chandrapur in the backward Vidarbha region, was the first Lok Sabha member to alert not only the coal and finance minister , but even the Prime Minister on the ill-advised coal policy, but no stringent measures were taken to halt allotment of coal blocks to the private sector. \"I have a record. Between 2005 and 2008, I wrote 20 letters to the coal and finance minister and 19 letters to the PM. Unfortunately , no action was taken on my letters,'' Ahir told ToI.More shocking was the fact that in August 2010, when 138 coal blocks were available for allotment, he had specifically raised the issue in Parliament, saying in the larger interest of the country, these blocks should be allotted to the staterun Coal India. \"The coal minister had assured me on the floor of the House that priority will be given to CIL. But when the allotment orders were issued , it was found that all the 138 blocks were allotted to the private sector,'' Ahir said.Secondly, Ahir said even after Parliament passed a legislation to provide for allotment of coal blocks exclusively to the state-run enterprises, the coal ministry allotted coal blocks to the private sector. \"In fact, on several occasions, the auctioning of the coal blocks was discussed in the parliamentary standing committee and we were assured that there will be no arbitrary allotment of coal blocks, but the assurance was never implemented in letter and spirit. Prima facie, it appears that the entire coal ministry was working for the private sector,'' he said.Ahir said in his home town Chandrapur, a huge coal block was allotted to a leading industrialist , who later sold it for Rs 6000 crore. \"The Centre had allotted him the coal blocks. As per rules, the entrepreneur has to pay a royalty of Rs 120 per metric tonne. A few months later , the entrepreneur sold the entire block to another entrepreneur for Rs 6000 crore. Now the whole dispute is pending before the high court,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12422725", "title": "\u2018Jhumroo\u2019 to recreate the magic of Kishore da", "text": "GURGAON: After \"Zangoora - the Gypsy Prince\", Kingdon of Dreams (KOD) is all set to present \"Jhumroo\", a musical comedy, from April 7. \"Jhumroo\" is the second theatrical production of KOD which will celebrate the spirit of legendary singer Kishore Kumar .The song-and-dance drama will include different tunes of the late actor-singer along with some special effects. After over 800 auditions, the theatrical production selected TV actor Gaurav Gera, who is going to play the male lead Bhola, the 25-year-old man who dreams of becoming the singing idol of the country.Shweta Gulati, another television actor, plays Bhola's love interest, Meena. The story revolves around Bhola achieving his dream with a little bit of magic that will make him endearing to the audience.The story of this musical is communicated through the words and iconic music of Kishore Kumar. In fact, the name \"Jhumroo\" itself is named after one of his popular songs.Vikranth Pawar, director of 'Jhumroo', said, \"Zangoora and Jhumroo cannot be compared with each other. While people would be able to relate themselves to the story of 'Jhumroo', 'Zangoora' is a fictional work. Casting the right actors was the toughest task. We are happy with our choices, Gera and Gulati. More than 100 performers will present the show on stage with the use of animation, magic, laser show and LEDs, among others.\"Gera, who is a resident of Gurgaon, felt happy to be back in his hometown for the show. \"I have been visiting Gurgaon often but working in the city will bring a great feeling. Working in a live show is far more challenging than a TV serial because there is no retake here and we have to present our best every time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12421904", "title": "AKG Park to get facelift soon", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The AKG Park at Pottakuzhy junction will get a major make-over soon. The park will be renovated and a signal junction will come up at Pottakuzhy. The Road Fund Board has already entrusted TRDCL (Thiruvananthapuram Road Development Company Limited) with the project.As the area that includes the park is congested, a number of accidents have happened here. Vehicles coming from Pattom have to go around the park before entering the Murinjapalam stretch since the park obstructs the direct passage of vehicles. With the completion of the project, the park will be slightly shifted towards the Pattom-Gowreeshapattom stretch. This stretch will be made one-way and Pattom-Murinjapalam stretch will be converted into a two-way road. The proposed renovation of the park had earlier evoked protest among the locals owing to the fear that the park would be completely demolished to convert it into a signal junction.However, the officials were able to convince the local residents in a meeting held last week. \"The new look of the park will make them proud. The project offers double advantage since a signal junction will ease the traffic in the area,\" said TRDCL vice-president Anilkumar Pandala.Under the project, a new lawn will be set up in the park. Besides, the park will be lit up using high-mast lamps and recreational facilities will also be provided for public.Over the years the park had been completely deserted and had turned into a garbage dumping yard. A few weeks ago, a group of college students had cleaned up the park as part of their college fest. The initial works have already commenced and the re-modelling would start by next week, informed an RFB official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12426024", "title": "All odds in favor of Racha", "text": "Ram Charan's impeccable dedication made sure that there is no delay in release of Racha.Preparations are fully on to release the film on April 5th without any delay. Despite suffering from leg injury, Charan is completing the balance songs shoot by taking pain relieving injections and pills. The makers are not wasting anytime on editing and other things as they have made arrangements to edit the songs then and there.Racha will be censored on 2nd April and will release on 5th in time in all the areas. Super Good Films is going for an all out release as the movie is going to have simultaneous release in Telugu, Tamil and Malayalam. Making sure to release the movie on April 5th has turned the odds in favor of Racha. Why because it is going to be the first biggest release in Telugu in three months. It has been a while since Businessman and Bodyguard were released and the movie loving Telugu audiences are craving for a big release.Moreover, Racha is going to have a long weekend as 6th being a public holiday followed by Saturday and Sunday. Also this is the first weekend after the examinations are done. Racha is releasing in the best possible time and if the film offers decent content, then it will surely have a meal at the box office. Go Charan go!Source: Gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12422545", "title": "Talks fail to end LPG tanker strike", "text": "MUMBAI: The indefinite strike by tankers supplying LPG will enter its sixth day on Tuesday as talks with oil firms remained inconclusive on Monday.\"We could not arrive at a consensus on the new transportation rates despite holding talks on Monday. Our strike continues,\" said Western India Bulk LPG Transporters Association president Vijay Khosla. \"Over 3,300 tankers are off the roads and LPG supply by road has been cut off in five states in the western region. There could be a shortage of cylinders in the coming days if the stir continues for a long period.\"However, sources in the oil industry said it was too early to speculate on an LPG crisis. \"Talks are on with the transporters and efforts are being made to find a solution,\" a source said.The association members met government officials on Monday morning following which they had a discussion with representatives of IndianOil , Hindustan Petroleum and Bharat Petroleum . The talks went on till 7.30pm. However, as no decision could be taken, another round of talks would be held at 10.30am on Tuesday.\"It is high time the oil firms accept the demands of the tanker owners' association,\" said Bal Malkit Singh of the All-India Motor Transport Congress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12420717", "title": "State better prepared for swine flu: Vyas", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Health minister Jaynarayan Vyas said that there is no need to panic as the state's health department is fully prepared to meet any threat posed by such infections like H1N1 . \"Nature is also on our side. The rise in mercury since the last few days will also help in preventing further transmission of the infection of this virus which is common in winter,\" said Vyas.Vyas said that the state's health department has already scaled up the precautionary measures as well as strengthened the surveillance of clustering of Lower Respiratory Tract Infections through integrated diseases monitoring system since last month. Vyas also mentioned that a state level conference of senior district level, regional level and state health officer was organized last month to review of availability of drugs, personal protective equipments, N-95 masks and others along with dissemination of protocols for standard treatment and chemoprophylaxis to all stakeholders.The minister said that during winter of 2010, health department had efficiently dealt with first such epidemics in the state and that experience is translating into better preparedness for prevention and upgrading control measures through out the state this time.\"Simple hygiene measures like covering mouth and nose with a handkerchief or tissue while coughing and sneezing, washing hands frequently and thoroughly with soap and water before and after touching nose eyes or mouth as well as avoiding crowded places helps in curbing the transmission of the flu,\" said Vyas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12421025", "title": "CBI has poor record in probing tainted defence deals", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), which has been tasked by the government to investigate Army chief V K Singh's claim about attempts to bribe him, has a poor record in probing allegations of corruption in defence deals.CBI is still fumbling with several investigations into defence deals that emerged in the Tehelka tapes of 2001. No breakthroughs have been achieved, other than meek closure of one of the cases, in which major allegations of bribery against prominent arms agents had cropped up.Last September, the CBI closed one of the Tehelka cases, where arms dealer Sudhir Choudhrie, Samata Party leader R K Jain and others were accused of trying to fix contract for upgrade of artillery guns.The case was closed by the agency, saying what it thought was a kickback for manipulating the contract may have been part of a contract for \"stainless steel kitchen utensils\".The claim is a sign of how the federal criminal investigation agency has let arms dealers off the hook, even when preliminary evidence emerged, and let them flourish to manipulate the decision-making processes, corrupt armed forces and circumvent national security demands.Other investigations into the Tehelka cases such as the purchase of Israeli Barak missile systems, have also failed to find any breakthrough, though FIRs were filed naming many, including former defence minister George Fernandes and former Naval chief Admiral Sushil Kumar.Tehelka cases are not exceptions. CBI has an embarrassing history of failing to achieve any major breakthroughs in arms deals. The most famous of its failures has been the sensational Bofors case, which led to Congress's rout in 1989 general elections and set the national discourse for several years. The agency failed to meet national expectations, dragging the probe for years, only for Delhi High Court to quash charges of bribery against the Hinduja brothers, Rajiv Gandhi and others many years later.As the agency fumbled in the Bofors case, letting it manipulated by political masters of the day, the Army's artillery modernization was frozen for decades, and allowed the culprits of the bribery scandal go scot-free.The tale has not been all that different in the HDW scandal that centred on the purchase of submarines from the German firm in early 80s. When it emerged that HDW may have paid commission to middlemen, CBI started a high profile probe, only to be dismissed by the Delhi High Court for want of evidence several years later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "12423121", "title": "Sambalpur sizzles at over 40 degree Celsius", "text": "SAMBALPUR: With the temperature crossing the 40-degree-Celsius mark in March, normal life - over the last few days - has become unbearable here and the adjoining areas. The streets are empty in the afternoon as people prefer staying indoors to avoid the unbearable heat. Even as environmentalists warn of the drastic effects of climatic change, local people put a lot of the blame on the rampant depletion of forests and the mindless industrialization.\"Last year the maximum temperature was 46 degree Celsius in Sambalpur. But, keeping in view the present weather condition, we apprehend the temperature will go higher this year. The government machinery at various levels should educate the people on how to survive in such drastic weather conditions,\" environmentalist Rusi Patra said on Monday. He also asked the people to save forest and plant more trees to fight the situation.Sambalpur was earlier surrounded by three hillocks - Pati-jungle, Brookshill and Budharaja - and the greenery around the town acted as a protector of its environment. With the rapid growth of the area and the ensuing encroachment of land under forests, the greenery began to be lost.\"Nature has kind enough to the town by giving natural protection. But we are destroying our protection by cutting the trees on the hillocks. Brookshill has already been converted into a concrete jungle. Now, a part of the Budharaja has also been destroyed,\" social activist Anil Padhi said. He appealed to the people to come forward to protect Budharaja and asked the government to take stringent steps against the illegal occupants of the hills.On the other hand, people also held the government responsible for the deteriorating situation as thousands of acres of forest land in the district has been given to private companies for industrialization. \"The government should ask these companies to create new forests in-lieu of the forest land in their use,\" social activist Ranjan Panda said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12422860", "title": "Tata Institute of Social Sciences to start vocational education school", "text": "MUMBAI: The Tata Institute of Social Sciences (TISS) is setting up a school for vocational education on its Deonar campus. But this is just a step towards a larger plan that TISS has in mind: to set up a national vocational training university. The school will offer two-year-long certificate courses and students who pass out will qualify as technicians. TISS and the All-India Council for Technical Education (AICTE), which is promoting vocational education at top institutes in India, will sign a memorandum about the new school on Tuesday. The AICTE will provide financial assistance of Rs 10 crore for three years to TISS.The AICTE, through the National Vocational Educational Qualification Framework (NVEQF), wants to develop and manage vocational education in the country and integrate it with academic streams of higher technical education, noted a statement released by the AICTE. Apart from training students, the school will focus on research in vocational education , conduct studies on skill requirements, build content for various sectors, develop teaching methodologies and pedagogy, train the trainers, and prepare a system for measuring skill assessment.The school will set up a joint working group with members from TISS and the AICTE, which shall regularly review the working of the courses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12426175", "title": "Puri to direct Pawan Kalyan after 12 years", "text": "One of the busiest directors from South, Puri Jagannath has announced his forthcoming film with his favorite actor Pawan Kalyan whom he directed in his directorial debut Badri .After the success of his recently released film Businessman, Jagannath has announced a list of films that he will be working on this year.Coming together almost after 12 years, Puri informs that after Badri, he and Pawan Kalyan wanted to do more films but it didn't work out. Recently, Puri met Pawan at his house and discussed the script with him.Titled 'Cameraman Ganga Tho Rambabu' the film will commence in May. Excited about working with Pawan yet again Puri announced the film on a social networking site. He wrote, \"Tamanna is doing the main lead in Pawan Kalyan's film. She is playing the role of Ganga. I'm dying to start the movie, after 12 years with PK.\"Before Cameraman Ganga Tho Rambabu, Puri will start Devudu Chesina Manushulu with Raviteja and Ileana. He will make a film with NTR in August, and after that he will embark on a film with Mahesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12423035", "title": "Vittala can file exam application, rules local court", "text": "MANGALORE: Vittala Malekudiya, who was arrested by the Anti-Naxal Force (ANF) on charges of abetting Naxalites , has got a respite from Belthangady court with regard to his education.The Belthangady JMFC has directed Mangalore University vice-chancellor T C Shivashankara Murthy on Monday to permit Vittal, who is a first year mass communication and journalism student, to file his examination application through an authorized person.Vittala's mother Honnamma had requested the VC to allow him to file the examination application and provide opportunity for him to write examination recently. However, the VC had directed Honnamma to get the court's permission as Vittala is in judicial custody. Following this, advocate Dinesh Hegde Ulepady filed a petition on behalf of Vittala. The court, which heard the petition on Saturday, directed that the vice-chancellor can receive payments for the examination application from an authorized person of Vittala. Speaking to TOI, Ulepady said that the court also had directed the jail authorities to make arrangements for Vittal to write application papers.Vittala was arrested on March 3 from his house in Kutlur of Belthangady Taluk in Dakshina Kannada district on charges of alleged Naxal links. After spending days in police custody he was remanded to judicial custody on March 19.The examination will begin on May 9 while the last date for submitting application without fine is March 26 .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12421760", "title": "Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority to bank on land for funds", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA) has decided to sell plots and land in a big way in the new financial year (2012-13) to bail out the organisation from financial crisis. The authority hopes to collect around Rs 350 crore revenue in the next financial year by auctioning plots.The HMDA executive committee, headed by in-charge commissioner MT Krishna Babu, on Monday approved the authority's budget with an outlay of Rs 2,938 crore. While revenue receipts have been estimated at Rs 973 crore in the proposed budget, the revenue expenditure has been pegged at Rs 756 crore. Of the revenue surplus of Rs 217 crore, Rs 212 crore would be diverted to 'sinking fund', interest on loans and other debts taken by the HMDA from banks and other financial institutions. HMDA has taken about Rs 1,100 crore as loan from various financial institutions and has been paying Rs 14 crore interest every month.In the 2011-12 budget, HMDA estimated Rs 864 crore revenue from development charges, rental income and advertisement. However, due to slowdown in the realty and infrastructure sectors, it could get only Rs 443 crore. It could raise only Rs 158 crore from development charges, which is the main source of income, in the current year.Now, it has doubled the revenue receipts to Rs 973 crore than the actual revenue of 2011-12 hoping it would raise Rs 394 crore from development charges, LRS and penalty from unauthorised engineering colleges. HMDA also hopes to get Rs 540 crore grant from the state government to clear tax liability with the income-tax department.Regarding capital receipts (major revenue sources), the authority expects Rs 1,964 crore from government grants, sale of plots and land, development of townships and borrowings. Of the total capital receipts, it anticipates Rs 350 crore from Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) for carrying out work on Outer Ring Road (ORR). In the current year too, the HMDA had planned to collect Rs 362 crore government grants under various schemes, but it could get only Rs 197 crore. Under capital expenditure, top priority has been given to ORR by allocating Rs 158 crore as the eight-lane carriageway would be completed by the end of 2012.\"HMDA has prepared the budget by taking factors such as revenue, capital receipts and expenditure into consideration,\" HMDA chief accounts officer B Vishwanathama said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12423078", "title": "Tibetan rage at Jintao visit", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 27-year-old Tibetan attempted self-immolation on Monday while hundreds of Tibetans congregated in Delhi to protest against Chinese premier Hu Jintao's scheduled visit to the capital for the BRICS summit. The incident took place at Jantar Mantar around 12:30pm when Jamphel Yeshi, a member of Tehor Welfare Society, was protesting along with hundreds of others.Yeshi came out of the compound of the JD(U) office onto the Jantar Mantar Road with his body ablaze. He was rushed to Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital by cops after the protestors doused the flames with Tibetan flags. \"He is admitted with 95% burns and his condition is critical,\" said a senior doctor at the hospital.Around 1,500 Tibetans have assembled in the city to protest against Jintao's visit and have demanded a free Tibet.\"We condemn Hu Jintao's visit to Delhi and will protest from Monday to Thursday. We have taken the permission needed,\" said Tenzin Wangchuk, regional president of Tibetan Youth Congress.Yeshi escaped from Tibet in 2006 and has been living in New Delhi for the last six years. \"He was working as a social worker in Delhi and was patriotic. His decision to attempt self-immolation is a personal statement and we do not advocate or discourage such a form of expression. He felt strongly for the cause but we had no inkling that he would take this step,\" said Tenzin Chukey, general secretary of Tibetan Youth Congress.Meanwhile, Tibetans have come from as far as Karnataka, Madhya Pradesh and Himachal Pradesh planning to prostrate themselves in front of the venues of the BRICS summit, activists said. On Monday, Tibetan youth, women and children were seen thronging Jantar Mantar.\"We want a concrete resolution on the Tibet issue. There is no freedom of religion there. Something as basic as freedom of movement has been curtailed there. There needs to be a decision on humanitarian grounds,\" said Rinzin Wangma, president of Tibetan Women Association (Delhi Base). Tibetan protestors have planned a series of events for the next two days. \"We will be handing out memoranda to the co-participants of the summit and will be prostrating ourselves in front of the venues of BRICS meetings. We have many other such plans for the next two days,\" said a Tibetan activist.Hu Jintao is arriving in Delhi to attend a summit on Thursday of the BRIC nations -- Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa.Times ViewSuicides or attempts at them are becoming a distressingly common phenomenon. The idea of punishing oneself to shame those in power is hardly novel in India. After all, Gandhiji used it successfully as a mode of political protest on several famous occasions and even to this day fasts remain a popular form of highlighting one's demands. However, self-immolation is carrying the principle too far. All those who glorify such acts, including those in the media, need to introspect seriously. Self-immolation should not be projected as a heroic act, no matter how righteous the cause for which it is done.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar/koraput", "code": "12423176", "title": "Talks resume on Italian's release", "text": "BHUBANESWAR/KORAPUT: With Italian Bosusco Paolo and Laxmipur legislator Jhina Hikaka still in Maoist captivity, the Odisha government on Monday resumed negotiations with two rebel-named mediators for safe release of the abductees. However, different approaches among Maoist groups triggered a sense of uncertainty.The resumption of talks between extremist-named interlocutors B D Sharma and Dandapani Mohanty and a state government team, led by home secretary U N Behera, coincided with the Andhra-Odisha Border Special Zonal Committee (AOBSZC) of the outlawed CPI (Maoist) claiming responsibility for kidnapping Hikaka and demanding halt to Operation Green Hunt, release of \"political prisoners\" in Koraput and Malkangiri jails and implementation of the February 2011 agreement between Maoists and state government during the Malkangiri collector hostage crisis for freeing the tribal lawmaker. The talks focused on release of Paolo, the home secretary and the mediators said. On Sunday, Maoists had freed another Italian Claudio Colangelo after 11 days in captivity.In a press statement signed by AOBSZC representatives Jagabandhu and Daya, the Red radicals warned the state government that they would harm the legislator if the state tried to initiate any police action against them to free the MLA without fulfilling their demands. \"We demand a high level inquiry into the police encounter that took place at Laumado of Podapadar panchayat and Jhodiapodar of Bijaghati panchayat and adequate compensation for families of the victims,\" the three-page statement written in Telugu said.The AOBSZC statement also claimed responsibility for killing sub-inspector K C Rath in Malkangiri district on March 22.The Maoist media statement was accompanied by a letter signed by Hikaka and addressed to chief minister Naveen Patnaik . In the letter written in Odia, the MLA appealed to Naveen to fulfill the Maoists' demands for his release. \"I am in Maoists' custody and safe. For the benefit of Maoists, stop combing operations and also rallies being taken out by civil society groups in my support. All tribals and Chasi Muliya Adivasi Sangha activists lodged in Malkangiri and Koraput jails should be freed at the place mentioned by Maoists. If the Maoists demands are fulfilled at the earliest, I can return safely,\" the letter said.The chief minister reiterated his appeal to Maoists to release Hikaka and Paolo immediately and unharmed. Naveen said Hikaka has an \"excellent record\" of working hard for welfare of tribals and the poor as an MLA and before that when he was working in a watershed project for drought-affected areas in Koraput.While the Sabysachi Panda-led Odisha State Organising Committee (OSOC) of CPI (Maoist) had abducted the Italians from the Kandhamal-Ganjam border on March 14, the Jagabandhu-headed AOBSZC took away Hikaka on March 23 night from near Toyaput on the Koraput-Laxmipur road. Panda has admitted to differences between his group and the Telugu-dominated AOBSZC, which is believed to have kidnapped the MLA to run down Panda, the Odia face of Maoists.Some of the demands put forth by OSOC and AOBSZC are not same. While Panda has made 13 demands, including release of his incarcerated wife Subhashree, AOBSZC has pressed for stopping police operations to arrest Rama Krishna, a central committee member and releasing rebels Siku Nachika, Chakra and Bijoy lodged at Berhampur jail.AOBSZC, which operates in Koraput, Malkangiri and parts of Rayagada in Odisha and East Godavari, Vizianagaram and Visakhapatnam in Andhra Pradesh , said it does need mediators for negotiating Hikaka's release and said the government should clear its stand through the media. \"We don't want mediators to discuss the MLA's release. We have put our demands through media and the government should clear its stand through media only. The whole discussion will be held through media. If the government tries to do something different and initiate any police action for release of the legislator, the lawmaker's body will be sent,\" it warned.Panda, who functions in Kandhamal, Gajapati, Ganjam and Rayagada districts, favoured interlocutors to negotiate Paolo's release. He had named Sharma and Mohanty to mediate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12422408", "title": "Soon a bill to protect flat buyers from errant builders", "text": "MUMBAI: A bill to rein in errant builders and protect the rights of flat purchasers is likely to be tabled in the state assembly shortly.The state government has proposed Housing Regulatory Authority and a Housing Appellate Tribunal to protect \"public interest\" and monitor the \"conduct and integrity\" of promoters, builders and those engaged in the construction industry. Under the law, when approved, developers who fail to comply with some of the stringent provisions of the proposed Act could be fined up to Rs 1 crore. The Act, however, will not cover a majority of residents because it does not pertain to people, whose buildings are being redeveloped, including tenants living in over 16,000 Mhada properties. \"Flats or buildings constructed for providing permanent alternative accommodation to existing occupants of redevelopment projects shall not be governed by the provisions of this Act,\" said the draft bill. It will also not apply to Maharashtra Housing and Area Development Authority (Mhada) and boards established under the Mhada Act.Officials reasoned that the Maharashtra Ownership Flats (Regulation of the promotion of construction, sale, management and transfer) Act 1963, was not effective enough in protecting flat buyers from malpractices. \"Flat purchasers could only approach consumer forum or civil courts. The new Housing Regulatory Authority will ensure effective implementation of the Act,\" an official said. The proposed Maharashtra Housing ( Regulation and Development) Act states that a builder must disclose the nature of his project, including the title of the land. The developer will also \"disclose information relating to number and size of plots, layout plan, carpet areas, and utility areas of the flat, FSI/TDR/additional FSI consumed in the building.\" Builders will have to register the project and display it on the website of the Housing Regulatory Authority.Besides, they will also have to put up on the website the time schedule of completion of the phase of each project. They will have to \"specify in writing the date by which possession of the flat is to be handed over\" . \"No transaction , including sale or marketing for sale, of apartments /flats in a new project without registration of the project and displaying such apartments/flats on the web site of Housing Regulatory Authority. No person shall start any transaction including sale or marketing for sale of apartments or flats in a new project or phase of such project without displaying such apartments /flats on the website,\" it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12421756", "title": "Consumer forum summons Raju kin", "text": "HYDERABAD: The sins of their notorious past finally seem to be catching up with the Satyam scam tainted Raju family. In a major setback to disgraced Satyam founder B Ramalinga Raju , the Andhra Pradesh State Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission (APSCDRC) has ordered his younger son B Rama Raju Jr as well as relative Datla Gopala Krishnam Raju, former directors of realty firm Maytas Properties Ltd (MPL), to appear before the Commission on April 3, 2012.The order was passed by APSCDRC president Justice D Appa Rao on Monday while rejecting the plea of the erstwhile MPL directors to delete their names from the prosecution application that was filed by an aggrieved Maytas Hill County buyer after the company failed to cough up the ordered refund for the property, the counsel for the aggrieved property buyer said.\"The prosecution application was filed under Section 27 of the Consumer Protection Act against the company and its directors as the state commission order, which was modified by the national commission order, was not complied with and is therefore liable to be punished,\" the counsel for the buyer added.The APSCDRC had in April 2010 directed MPL, then being run by the Raju family with government appointed director Ved Jain on board, to refund the deposit amount of Rs 63,37,984 to the property buyer with interest at 12% per annum from August 4, 2008, along with a compensation of Rs 5 lakh for mental agony and disappointment suffered in taking a loan to pay the developer, who did not hand over the home.However, the company appealed against the order in the National Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission (NCDRC) and the national commission in its August 2010 order modified the state commission order by waiving the Rs 5 lakh penalty but ordered it to refund the deposit amount along with 12% interest from the respective date of deposits till realization.The national commission also ordered MPL to cough up Rs 20,000 as cost of proceedings before the state and national commissions to the buyer and said that if the company failed to pay the amounts specified in the modified order to the buyer within four weeks from the order date then it would have to pay interest at 15% per annum.Attempts by the then Raju-promoted company to challenge the national commission order in the Supreme Court came to naught after the apex court dismissed their petition on September 27, 2010.The Maytas Hill County project was handed over to infrastructure giant IL&FS; by the Company Law Board through an order passed in mid January 2011.IL&FS;, which was given 80% stake in the privately held company, with the Raju family holding shrinking to 20%, was ordered to complete the Maytas Hill County project and properties handed over to beleaguered buyers within 18 months of taking over the company.Andhra Pradesh State Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission has ordered Raju's younger son B Rama Raju Jr and relative Datla Gopala Krishnam Raju, former directors of Maytas Properties Ltd (MPL), to appear before it on April 3.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12422589", "title": "Vidhan Parishad a political googly?", "text": "Chief minister Ashok Gehlot delivered a political googly in the form of a proposal to create a Vidhan Parishad (Legislative Council) in Rajasthan, while presenting the budget on Monday.Though the pervious Vasundhara Raje led-government announced to make the state legislature a bicameral body and included this in its election manifesto of December 2008 also, chief minister Gehlot seems to be tapping the issue to his fullest advantage.Political analysts have already begun to see Gehlot's announcement as a move to contain the resentment within the ruling party. Experts believe that because of the legal procedures involved, it would take anywhere close to two years before the state legislature's Upper chamber would come into existence. Even Gehlot remained uncommitted to getting the legal procedures cleared during his present tenure, which would end in December 2013.In response to the straight question posed to him whether the Vidhan Parishad would come into existence during his present tenure in the chief minister's office, Gehlot laughed and said, \"The next tenure will also be mine. Congress will return to power, nobody should have any doubts about it.\"Deputy leader of opposition Ghanshyam Tiwari told TOI, \"Since his party is in power at the Centre, the chief minister can turn the Parishad creation into a reality in a matter of months. But he is aiming more at the political benefits like containing resentment against his government within his party.\"It is believed that Gehlot's announcement to get a resolution passed by the state assembly for creation of the legislative council was primarily to give \"hopes\" to the disgruntled within the ruling Congress. \"The Council is unlikely to see the light of the day before the next assembly elections in December 2013, but today's announcement will make even his (Gehlot's) political opponents within the party to mend ways with him if they are to get into the Council,\" said a senior Congress office-bearer from the state.As per the Constitution, a Legislative Council's total membership cannot be less than forty and more than one-third of the Legislative Assembly's total strength of the state concerned. Rajasthan Assembly has 200 seats, so its Council would have 66 members. \"Rajasthan is the biggest state but has just 200 seats. Here we have more than 9,000 panchayats so it is justified to have the Council to give the state's regions proper representation in the Assembly,\" said the deputy leader of opposition. On being asked whether the state could bear the additional financial burden, Tiwari said, \"Sixty-six is not a big number in terms of additional cost on the state exchequer. An MLA/MLC gets less than 25% of an IAS officer's salary.\"Parliament has the power to create or abolish the Legislative Council in the states on the basis of resolutions adopted by special majority-50% of the total Assembly seats and 2/3rd of the members present and voting in its favour-in the assemblies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12423238", "title": "Chennai shopkeeper\u2019s widow alleges death by police torture", "text": "CHENNAI: Kumareshwari of Sowcarpet on Monday met police commissioner J K Tripathy and demanded a proper inquiry into the death of her husband G Prabhu, alleging that he was tortured by police.Last week, during a raid by a team of the video piracy and copyright wing at his shop in Sowcarpet, Prabhu complained of chest pain and died later in hospital of cardiac arrest, police said.In her complaint, Kumareshwari said the police didn't conduct a proper investigation into her husband's death. \"They hushed up issues and claimed he died of a cardiac arrest. Police away 2 lakh worth of goods from our shop and when he tried to prevent them, they beat him up. The shop employees took him to hospital where he died,\" the complaint said.The petition has been forwarded to the assistant commissioner of police (Flower Bazaar) for further inquiry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12421348", "title": "Defiant Kejriwal deflects blame to 'tainted' MPs", "text": "NEW DELHI: Faced with a political backlash Team Anna member Arvind Kejriwal remained defiant, saying Parliament faced a crisis of credibility with 162 sitting MPs facing criminal charges. Kejriwal, who has two privilege notices against him, sought to shift the blame on the elected representatives.He argued that it was \"tainted\" ministers and elected representatives with dubious antecedents who had insulted Parliament and not the activists. \"We are willing to be punished if we have insulted Parliament. However, nation and Parliament's respect will increase not by punishing me, but by bringing in clean candidates,\" he said.Reacting to the sharp criticism faced by Team Anna in the Lok Sabha for its language, he said, \"Parliamentarians should introspect. If people are losing faith in Parliament, then it is a serious problem of credibility.\"He said he was also worried about the state of affairs in Parliament, where 162 members have criminal records, no one can expect that Parliament would pass a strong Lokpal as it would lead to sending these MPs to jail. \"Can you expect that this Parliament with as many MPs with cases will allow the passage of a strong Lokpal?\" he asked.\"When Rajneeti Prasad tore the Lokpal bill, no one objects. When Women's Bill was tore, no one objected. Chairs are hurled and mikes are thrown in Parliament but no one objects. MPs are bought and is it not denigrating Parliament? \"...I haven't said anything wrong. I am worried about Parliament,\" he claimed, adding that 1,176 MLAs also have cases registered against them.He said that the parties which nominated these lawmakers have actually insulted Parliament and not Team Anna. He said he was not painting all the MPs with a single brush and that he had talked about 162 MPs who were facing criminal cases. \"There are good MPs but their voices are feeble.\"Asked whether he was ready to face another privilege notice, Kejriwal answered in the affirmative and said that this will not help the case.He also supported Army Chief V K Singh who has claimed that a lobbyist had offered him a bribe of Rs 14 crore, saying that Gen Singh was targeted because he fought against corruption. \"He (Singh) has fought against corruption and perhaps that is why he is being targeted. It is a serious matter because the government's version of the Lokpal bill has excluded army from its ambit so this corruption that the Army chief has flagged will never be uncovered,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12422774", "title": "Three-year-old girl falls, gets run over by cycle rickshaw", "text": "CHENNAI: A three-year-old girl died after she slipped from a cycle rickshaw she was riding on and was run over in Sowcarpet on Sunday morning.Police said Hitanshi of Sowcarpet, who had gone to a Jain temple on Mint Street with two of her aunts and their children, was returning home in a cycle-rickshaw when the incident occurred around 9.15am.At the junction of Annapillai Street and Mint Street, a wheel of the rickshaw fell into a deep pothole and Hitanshi fell down in the impact. One of the rear wheels ran over her waist.Anitha, one of her aunts, got down from the rickshaw and pulled her out with the help of others. Then they pacified the girl and the party returned home at 9.30am. When Hitanshi began crying again, Anitha informed Hitanshi's father Jayanthi Lal and the girl was rushed to a corporate hospital in Thousand Lights where she died at 10.30am.Early on Sunday, Anitha, Jayanthi Lal's sister, came to his house on Mint Street with her two children and was accompanied by her niece and her daughter.Anitha asked her brother to send his daughter with her and six people, including Hitanshi, went to the temple in the cycle rickshaw, police said.Based on Jayanthi Lal's complaint, the Elephant Gate police registered a case under Section 174 (unnatural death) of the Criminal Procedure Code and began investigations.\"Though it was not intentional, after interrogation, we may register a case under section 304 (culpable homicide not amounting to murder) of the Indian Penal Code against the cycle rickshaw rider,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12422527", "title": "Union leader booked for threatening Meru cabbies", "text": "MUMBAI: The police on Monday filed an FIR against union leader K K Tiwari of Swabhiman Sangathana after a section of Meru drivers accused him of threatening and intimidating them. Cops said they were likely to arrest him soon. In all, there were 96 cases of alleged attacks on drivers-by troublemakers-over the past week. Two persons were arrested in Vile Parle in this connection . The Meru management had already sacked around a dozen drivers for intimidating fellow cabbies.On Monday, around 300 Meru cabs (15% of the fleet) plied. Most drivers were keen to return to work on Tuesday.Tiwari's union has been observing a strike over differences with the management on payment-related issues. Meru CEO Rajesh Puri met JCP (law and order ) Rajnish Seth on Monday to seek police protection for drivers. \"We are likely to resume operations from Tuesday,\" he said, moments after Tiwari threatened to go on a hunger strike from Tuesday.The Meru management held a series of talks with around 700 drivers on Monday . A driver said: \"We conveyed to the management that we do not recognize the union led by Tiwari .\" Puri said one of the drivers was threatened, allegedly by Tiwari, from the latter's mobile . \"In another case at Bandra on Sunday evening, Tiwari was seen getting down from a car and threatening a Meru driver. In both incidents, police complaints were registered,\" he added.Tiwari denied being involved in the matter. \"You will not see a single Meru cab plying in Mumbai on Tuesday unless our demands are met. Our drivers are upset with the management.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12422962", "title": "TOI readers shower online praise for 62-year-old braveheart", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The city residents have saluted the spirit of 62-year-old Harjit Kaur, who had given a tough fight to a snatcher on March 24. The online readers have slammed public, which remained mute spectator when the elderly woman was struggling with the accused.In an online outpour of praise for the woman, TOI readers, city resident Sunaina has appealed for a bravery award for Kaur while Rakesh has suggested that Chandigarh police should honour the courage of the elderly woman. Another city online reader, Sahil has slammed the public, which remained a mute spectator when Kaur was struggling with the snatcher.Another reader, Pragati has suggested that people should fight against unsocial elements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12422698", "title": "Schools in limbo over RTE clause", "text": "MUMBAI: With the decision on 25% reservation for underprivileged students in all schools, including private and unaided ones, pending in the Supreme Court, city schools are finding it difficult to keep seats vacant.Most schools have completed the admission process. Some have managed to keep 10% seats vacant, in case the order comes out before the session begins. This would be the third consecutive year, when this clause under the Right to Free and Compulsory Education (RTE) Act, may not be implemented.The state government too has not come up with a resolution directing schools to keep 25% seats reserved for students from the economically backward section as the court order is pending. An official from the school education department said the state will be able to issue guidelines only when the judgment is out. Schools, however, have filled up most of the seats. \"We had planned to keep 25% seats vacant but there was pressure from parents to fill them up. I was forced to release 15% seats this month. We have a waiting list for the remaining 10% seats, which will be filled up by April 10, in case the order is not passed,\" said Rohan Bhatt, principal of one of the three schools run by Children's Academy in the western suburbs.Campion School in Colaba too has closed admissions for the coming session. \"We have managed to keep around 10-15 % vacant seats,\" said principal Paul Machado. Christ Church School in Byculla has managed to keep a few seats vacant in all the classes. Principal Carl Laurie said, \"If the government forces us to take students at the last moment, we will have to. We have taken precautions.\" Principal of Wadala's Bansidhar Aggarwal High School Ramakant Pandey said, \"Admission forms are usually out before January and the process is completed by February-end . It is not possible to implement the clause for the coming session.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "12421517", "title": "Congress members continue Bindal boycott, stage walkout", "text": "SHIMLA: Congress legislators on Monday staged a walkout in the house even as the discussion on budget estimates was in progress. This followed health minister Dr Rajeev Bindal trying to clarify a point made by Congress legislator Prakash Chaudhary. Saying that they have socially boycotted the minister on corruption issue, the Congress members walked out of the house, raising slogans.Monday's proceedings started peacefully at 2 pm. During the discussion on budget after question hour, Congress MLA from Balh Prakash Chaudhary in his speech had made a mention about the ESI hospital coming up in Nerchowk town in his constituency. As Chaudhary gave credit for the hospital to the Union government, health minister Dr Rajeev Bindal rose to clarify the point.However, raising a point of order, Chaudhary said Congress had socially boycotted the minister. On this, speaker Tulsi Ram said that there is nothing like social boycott inside the house. Later, Congress members stood up and walked out of the house amid sloganeering.Congress legislators had asked many questions related to health department, but during the current session, they were not taking any replies from the health minister. Whenever questions asked by Congress MLAs came for reply during question hour, the concerned MLA would walk out of the house even when the budget discussion was in progress.Congress MLAs said this was their way of protesting corruption. They said the health minister is facing corruption charges, whereas the state government has failed to take action against him. \"Social boycott and not taking replies from Bindal is our Gandhian way of protesting corruption,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12422791", "title": "Born in US, grew up here: HC to decide on Pune girl taking CET", "text": "MUMBAI: \"What is so special about America?\"asked the Bombay high court on Monday while observing that now Americans are coming to India for various reasons.A division bench of Justice P B Majmudar and Justice Ramesh Dhanuka was hearing a petition filed by Pune residents Milind and Sujata Tendulkar after their daughter Pooja was disqualified to appear for MHT-CET exams because she is a US citizen by birth. The Tendulkars were for a brief period in the US when Pooja born in 1994. Thereafter they returned to India. Pooja is currently in Mumbai preparing for the exams which will be held in May. TheTendulkars' petition states that from age of six , Pooja has been in India and studied under the Maharashtra State Board.The Tendulkars' advocate Asim Sarode argued that \"it is not Pooja's fault that she was born in the US.''To this Justice Majmudar asked what is special about the US. \"They are coming here for various reasons,'' he said.To the judges' query as to why Pooja is not adopting Indian citizenship. Sarode replied as she is a minor a decision cannot be taken by her. \"When she attains the age of majority she can decide. The issue is not about citizenship but permitting a PIO to appear for the CET exams,'' said Sarode. The Tendulkars' petition also said they have been trying in vain to communicate with the Directorate of Medical Education and Research which is overseeing the MHT-CET in Maharashtra. Their petition said the Medical Council of India has amended rules of the All-India pre-medical test to enable OCIs to appear. The judges have directed them to also add Pooja as a petitioner and posted the hearing after two weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12422803", "title": "Pipeline burst in Chembur leaves residents in lurch", "text": "MUMBAI: A 24-inch water pipeline at Chembur East burst open on Monday morning, causing flooding and traffic woes. Residents say the regular morning water supply to several areas like Gautam Nagar, Lotus Colony, Shivaji Nagar and parts of Govandi was severely affected.The pipeline, measuring 24 inches in diameter, is located near R K Studios, Chembur East and is about 20 years old. Deputy hydraulic engineer A S Tawadia said that water supply to Chembur and nearby areas will resume as soon as engineers fix the leakage. . \"These areas will receive normal water supply. The staff will work overnight and complete the work by morning. As soon as the repair work is over, water supply will be resumed,\" he said.Lotus Colony resident Ismail Malik told TOI, \"We haven't received water since morning. Most residents had to depend on water tankers. Each tanker costs Rs 1,200. Private as well as BMC tankers have started coming in. We hope that the pipeline will be be fixed soon.\"An official from the hydraulic department said, \"The reason for the pipeline burst is yet to be ascertained . But the residents need not worry as the work has already begun and is likely to be over by late night. \"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12421836", "title": "Greater Cochin Development Authority for PPP-model projects", "text": "KOCHI: In a major policy shift, the Greater Cochin Development Authority (GCDA) has decided to implement its projects under the private public partnership (PPP) model instead of its preferred bridge-operate-and-transfer (BOT) system.As an initial step, the authority has approached the state government to scrap plans to construct the commercial complex at Manapattiparambu on BOT basis. GCDA wants the government to cancel the previous decision to lease out the two and-a-half acre land here to a private builder for 35 years.On his first day in office, GCDA chairman N Venugopal wrote to the secretary, Department of Local Bodies, to cancel the decision to take up the BOT project at Manapattiparambu.Speaking to TOI, Venugopal said the government should scrap the project as it would not bring in much revenue for the Authority. \"As per the BOT plan, the land will be provided to a private builder who will pay GCDA Rs 50 lakh per annum. It's too low, considering the actual cost of the land now,\" he said.He said at current valuation, the land could fetch about Rs 100 crore. But, under the BOT agreement, the Authority would get only about Rs 17 crore in 35 years. Hence, GCDA wants the government to grant it approval to execute projects under PPP model, which could bring in higher revenue.Venugopal, who maintained that he was committed to the cause of developing infrastructure in the city, said GCDA would welcome proposals from the public in this regard.While taking charge as chairman on Sunday, he had announced he would give priority to road development to decongest the city. The proposals will be considered at the executive committee meeting scheduled to be held on March 30.As per the BOT plan, the land will be provided to a private builder who will pay GCDA Rs 50 lakh per annum. It's too low, considering the actual cost of the land now", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12420343", "title": "Soon, Indian BTech degrees may be recognized abroad", "text": "NEW DELHI: Engineers with undergraduate degrees will find it easier to seek jobs and opportunities for higher studies abroad from 2013, if India's bid to join the elite Washington Accord for international accreditation is accepted.If it comes through, undergraduate engineering degrees from India will be brought on a par with those of the US, UK, Australia, Canada , Singapore , Japan, New Zealand, South Africa and six other nations, easing mobility for Indian undergraduate engineers.The National Board of Accreditation, under the aegis of All India Council for Technical Education, plans to bid to become a permanent member of the Washington Accord in June 2013.Said G Prabhakar, an NBA member and president, Andhra Pradesh chapter of Institution of Engineers (India), \"In 2013, NBA will be a full member of the Washington Accord. The accord recommends that the graduates of programs accredited by any of the signatory bodies be recognized by other members as having met academic requirements for entry to engineering.\" India was granted the status of a provisional member in 2007.India is yet to invite the Washington Accord to audit its accreditation system, a crucial process for becoming a full member, despite the country being granted a provisional status in 2007.Hu Hanrahan, the chair of the Washington Accord, who is in India for the first World Summit on Accreditation 2012, refused to commit to a timeline for India becoming a permanent member, saying the process was under way.Even if India is granted membership of the accord, only about 20% of the 4,000-odd engineering institutes in the country are likely to make the cut.India's mentor for the accreditation, past president of Singapore's Institution of Engineers Lock Kai Sang, said, \"India's bid to receive permanent membership in 2013 will be very challenging. There is still a lot of implementation work that needs to be carried out based on outcome assessment and accreditation.\"Around 140 institutes have applied for accreditation under the new framework.National Board of Accreditation (NBA) officials said that India could be looking at a two-tier system of accreditation - creating international benchmarks for some institutes and settling for lower standards in other colleges.The HRD ministry has already proposed a legislation to make every higher educational institution mandatorily accredited in the country. \"I hope in this session of Parliament we will carry through (the bill),\" HRD minister Kapil Sibal said.The National Accreditation Regulatory Authority for Higher Educational Institutions Bill has provisions under which assessment of such accreditation has to be made before the institution starts the process of admission to the programs, while the existing educational institutions will have to get their accreditation within three years.The bill also seeks establishment of National Accreditation Regulatory Authority for Higher Education , which shall register and monitor accreditation agencies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12421985", "title": "Govt seeks to hike fine under forest act to Rs 10,000", "text": "NEW DELHI: Government on Monday introduced a Bill in Rajya Sabha, seeking to make it mandatory for a forest officer to obtain and record views of Gram Sabha before compounding forest-related offences and to raise fines for compounding minor offences from Rs 50 to Rs 10,000.The Indian Forest (Amendment) Bill, 2012 - introduced by forest minister Jayanti Natarajan - proposes to insert a new sub-section in the original Act of 1927 to make it mandatory for the forest officer to obtain and record the views of Gram Sabha before compounding the offence.This is to ensure transparency in compounding of the offences and participation of the people of Gram Sabha level, the Bill's statement of 'object and reason' said.The Bill also seeks to revise the limit of fines for compounding of minor offences under the Forest Act from Rs 50 to Rs 10,000. The legislation also proposes to omit the salary limit of Forest Officer for doing the compounding of offence.The measure is aimed at stopping harassment and prosecution of forest dwellers and tribals for minor offences. The purpose of the amended act is also to ensure transparency in compounding of offences and participation of people at Gram Sabha level.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12423139", "title": "Ex-Jyoti Vihar VC alleges plagiarism in PhD thesis", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Former Sambalpur University vice-chancellor Arun Pujari has accused varsity students of reproducing the same thesis for obtaining PhD batch after batch by making minor changes only.Enraged with the allegation of plagiarism, university teachers have taken up the matter with VC Bishnu Barik and resolved not to associate Pujari with any academic activities of the varsity. A citizens' forum on Monday sent a memorandum to the chancellor and the chief vigilance commissioner, seeking an investigation into Pujari's claim on his blog.Pujari, who was the varsity VC from August 2008 to August 2011, in his blog www.sweekaarokti.blogspot.in posted a write-up 'Plagiarism and Jyotivihar' on March 10 alleging that he came across plagiarism in PhD thesis of the varsity frequently. \"All the departments suffered from the disease...Life science, mathematics and chemistry. Thesis in history department on medicinal plant was a copy of another work in life science department. I felt helpless. I had other priorities,\" Pujari wrote. \"I had sufficient proof for a thesis to get cancelled.. a clear example of plagiarism. I took view of the Syndicate members none of whom were serious,\" he added. Stating that teachers were party to the crime of plagiarism, Pujari wrote that a professor published 10 research papers in 12 months, which is humanly impossible unless the researcher copies those.Sambalpur University Teachers' Association (SUTA) condemned Pujari for the blog and described the allegations as baseless. \"All the allegations are baseless. The PhD thesis goes through a very strict system of evaluation, including by external examiners not known to the guides. Thesis preparation is guided by stringent regulations,\" said SUTA adviser P C Mishra.Regarding publishing 10 papers in 12 months by a professor, Mishra said the person may have worked them over years. Just that they were published in the same year. \"If Pujari came across anything wrong during his tenure he should have corrected it then as vice-chancellor instead of trying to ruin the university image now,\" Mishra said.Mishra said the SUTA on March 18 passed a resolution not to involve Pujari in any future activities of the varsity. SUTA has also taken up the matter with the current VC, he added. Sambalpur Citizens' Forum on Monday sent a memorandum to governor M C Bhandare, who is chancellor of universities, besides the CVC and director (vigilance), seeking an inquiry into Pujari's charges.The memorandum said a university stands for its good quality research work. By indulging in plagiarism, the persons/teachers have undermined the name and fame of the university. A proper inquiry should be done to unearth such a big scam in education sector, it said.\"Plagiarism is a crime. Jobs and promotions obtained on basis of such plagiarized research works and publications are illegal,\" said Surendra Sahani, a signatory of the memorandum.Despite attempts, Pujari was not available for comment. Current VC Barik, when contacted, said the matter of his predecessor's blog was already discussed in different forums. \"But I will not comment on his opinion made on an unofficial platform,\" Barik said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12420786", "title": "Minor accuses seven of cheating her", "text": "NASHIK: The Sarkarwada police are looking into a cheating complaint filed by a minor resident of Raviwar Peth against seven persons. In her complaint to the police, the 17-year-old girl accused Babita Latke (40), Pranita Latke (22), Pranita Chikone (35) and Jaya Sharma (45), residents of Datta Nagar, Nashik, and Dhiraj Chandak, Ritesh Kothari (26) and Nandlal Kothari (50), residents of Aurangabad, of cheating her and forcing her into marriage.The Sarkarwada police said that according to the complaint, Pranita Latke informed the complainant about a prospective groom for her. However, Latke cautioned the victim not to tell her uncle about the match as he might object to the marriage. Latke also allegedly asked the victim to flee her home for a better future.Accordingly, the victim came in contact with another woman, Jaya Sharma, who clicked a few photographs of the victim and sent them to Dhiraj Chandak and Nandlal Kothari, residents of Aurangabad. After these men approved of the complainant, they got her married to Ritesh Kothari, also an Aurangabad resident. The accused also took the girl's signature on stamp papers.After the complainant left home on February 19, her parents had registered a missing complaint with the police. The girl was later found at Dhule. However, after the girl was brought to Nashik, she told the police that she had left her parents' house on her own. Subsequently, the girl was sent back to her husband. A month later, she returned to Nashik and requested the police to register a case of rape and cheating against the seven accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12422849", "title": "Samajwadi Party to face 'taint' heat if CBI probe lands minister in trouble", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav's assertion that no tainted MLA will get a berth in his cabinet may face its first real acid test soon. With the CBI zeroing in on the two brothers of Vinod Kumar Singh - minister of state for revenue and rehabilitation in Akhilesh Yadav's cabinet - in foodgrains scam worth Rs 35,000 crore, the sleuths are believed to have come across details that can land the minister in trouble as well.If it happens, then deciding the fate of minister Vinod Kumar Singh will surely come as the first actual acid test for the Samajwadi Party (SP) and its tall claims of keeping the tainted politicians at bay. The CBI is probing the scam involving large-scale bungling in supply of foodgrains under various government schemes like Below Poverty Line (BPL) Scheme, Antoudaya and Sampurana Gramin Swarojgar Yojna to name a few, between 2002 and 2005. The investigation, which was initially being conducted by the economic offences wing (EOW) of the state police, was transferred to the CBI on the directions of the Supreme Court.Sources in the CBI said that after chargesheeting of former SP MLA Om Prakash from Sitapur in the recent past, investigators searched as many as 14 locations in Gonda including the premises of Narendra Singh and Mahesh Singh. Both of them are brothers of minister Vinod Kumar Singh alias Pandi Singh. It was during the review of the evidences collected during these searches that the investigators came across evidences suggesting a direct link of the two brothers with one Suraj Singh, who also happens to be a nephew of minister Vinod Kumar Singh.Fresh probe into the involvement of Suraj Singh is believed to have generated clues that appear to be leading the trail to the minister himself. If sources in the CBI are to be believed, there were strong indications of Suraj Singh playing a proxy for the minister himself in the entire scam. The sleuths are though almost confident about the direct involvement of the minister's two brothers and his nephew in the scam, they were putting the pieces of the jig-saw together to decipher the extent of the minister's involvement in the scam, if at all. The SP leadership has been harping on claims of keeping the tainted individuals away from the ministry or other important posts ever since the party bagged 223 seats out of the total of 403 in the state assembly.The first time that SP took a stand on the issue was the decision to keep mafia-turned-politician D P Yadav out of SP after he reportedly expressed his desire to join the party about a month before the UP assembly polls were to be held. The decision that was supposedly taken by the party's state president Akhilesh Yadav single handedly saw widespread appreciation for the young politician for taking such a bold step.At the same time, the party has stood in strong defense of the candidates already in the party fold who have criminal cases pending against them. \"They have been there in the party for years. Our resolve related to the tainted politicians is primarily in context to people who have joined the party recently,\" Akhilesh Yadav had said. Defending the inclusion of Raghuraj Pratap Singh alias Raja Bhaiyya in the cabinet despite a host of criminal cases pending against him, Akhilesh had stated that the criminal cases against him were politically motivated.However, the involvement of Vinod Kumar Singh in the foodgrains scam, if at all, will definitely land the SP in a position where the party will have to decide on the political fate of the minister. The very fact that Vinod Kumar Singh has a good hold over the electorate in his constituency may compound problems for the party leadership while taking a clean stand on the issue osf Vinod Kumar Singh's berth in the cabinet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12425738", "title": "City faces blazing start to week", "text": "KANPUR: The week began on a blazing note with the maximum temperature rising beyond the mark of 36 degrees Celsius on Monday. The roads became deserted in the afternoon as the people preferred to remain indoor.The sunny and clear skies also plunged the humidity to a drastic level as well.The maximum temperature rose to 36.1 degree Celsius on Monday while the minimum stood at 14.2 degrees. The humidity was at 65 per cent in the morning and declined to 28 per cent in the afternoon.According to the weather experts of Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology, the dry north-westerly winds are responsible for the rise in the temperature. The meteorologists predicted that the minimum temperature may touch the mark of 22 to 24 degrees soon. The maximum temperature may go reach 40 degrees.The chances of increase in maximum temperature are slightly less. The minimum temperature may increase to 24 degrees by the next week. The weather pattern is normal, say experts.The changing weather is adversely affecting the health of the people. The OPDs of the hospitals are witnessing a rush of patients suffering from indigestion and metabolic disorders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12424867", "title": "Priyanka &amp; Kareena to perform at a cricket event", "text": "Priyanka Chopra has company. And not exactly the kind she would have liked. We hear Kareena Kapoor is the latest addition to the list of performers for the opening of a much talked about upcoming cricket event.A source informed Mirror, \"While Salman Khan and Priyanka had already been roped in to perform at the event, a last minute added attraction has come in the form of Kareena Kapoor. Kareena will be performing to a medley of songs including Chamak Challo.\"When contacted, Kareena confirmed that she would be performing at the do.The source further said, \"Kareena is probably the biggest female star in Bollywood today and the organisers felt that the song Chamak Challo cannot be missed out. That is why after finalising and announcing the names of Salman Khan and Priyanka Chopra , they thought Kareena too should be added.\"Continued the source, \"However as history has it, all has never been well between Kareena and Priyanka. Although they have attempted to bury the hatchet many times, the truth is something else. While both Kareena and Priyanka are professional about it, it will be interesting to see how the two of them fight it out for their respective performance to gain an upper hand.\"Word is Priyanka will be performing on her hit numbers from Don and Saat Khoon Maaf while Kareena will be performing on tracks from Ra.One, Bodyguard and 3 Idiots.Whatever else happens, expect some fireworks from this end...", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12421988", "title": "Viru\u2019s sister a Congress candidate in south Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Nawab of Najafgarh's sister is going to add to the glam quotient of the municipal polls this year. Anju Mehrwal, elder sister of cricketer Virender Sehwag , is making her political debut on a Congress ticket from Dakshinpuri Extension in south Delhi.Mehrwal (35), a Hindi teacher in Laxman Public School and mother of two, will be contesting for the reserved seat for women. Her famous brother is likely to do a quick act for his sister, but he won't be available for the whole campaigning due to his IPL commitment.\"He knows that I am contesting the elections. He has a very busy schedule all throughout April due to IPL; but we are hoping that he will take some time out for campaigning,\" said Mehrwal. She is the first in her family to join active politics. \"It may be my first time, but I have been involved in social work as an active member of NGO Shikhar that works for destitute women and children,\" said Mehrwal.She moved out of Najafgarh to Madangiri (part of Dakshinpuri ward) in 2000 after her marriage to Ravinder Singh, a contractor. She said her ward needs better sanitation and hygiene. \"Despite being centrally located, the area looks neglected. I would like to improve the amenities in the area with a special focus on sanitation and hygiene,\" she added.Right from Independence, the Dakshinpuri seat was reserved for the SCs/STs; but with the 50% reservation coming into effect, this became a general seat reserved for women. \"I thought this was a good time to try my luck,\" Mehrwal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12422867", "title": "Samajwadi Party dissolves four district units", "text": "LUCKNOW: Samajwadi Party state president Akhilesh Yadav on Monday ordered dissolution of four district units - Banda, Lalitpur, Mathura and Allahabad - of the party with immediate effect.The presidents of these units, V P Yadav, Kailash Yadav, Ksihore Singh and Salman respectively, were also removed from their respective posts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12425305", "title": "Better rail travel this summer", "text": "ALLAHABAD: To provide safe and comfortable journey to passengers and organise checks during peak summer season, chairman of the Indian Railways has instructed North Central Railway to implement specific instructions. NCR officials have been instructed to issue suitable guidelines to the Vigilance, RPF and commercial departments for organizing special checks during the summer season.In this connection, chairman of Railway Board, Vinay Mittal has written a letter to North Central Railway general manager BP Khare. He has instructed that raids should be organised on the premises of authorised and unauthorised travel agents with the help of police to prevent blocking of reservations under fictitious names and subsequent sale of transferred tickets. Further, they should also keep a close watch on the railway staff susceptible to connivance with travel agents.The chairman has also instructed that statement of name change may be drawn in CCM(PM) office on a daily basis to identify any abnormal trend of its misuse in a particular PRS unit.The chairman has also instructed that additional coach attachments are filed in the PRS system in time so that the waiting-list is automatically updated. The zone on which the train terminates in journey may also be advised in time so that updation of working list is done for the return trip as well. Wide publicity and information about such attachments may also be given through enquiry and PRS offices. Ministerial staff should also be deputed at all Passenger Reservation System locations for proper management of the queue.Instructions have also been issued to keep a close watch on blocking of accommodation in unreserved coaches by towel spreaders/ anti-social elements and plan for regulating the system of queuing passengers in front of unreserved coaches on selected important mail/express trains.NCR official have also been instructed to organise checks in general coaches to detect fraud in UTS and Printed Card tickets. They have also been instructed to organise checks against misuse of various quotas.Further, they have also instructed to devise a plan for manning of all reserved coaches so that in case any irregularity is detected, responsibility could be fixed. Instructions to different bases should be issued in advance by CCM office.Instructions have also been issued for plying of Holiday specials during summer season and they should be given wide publicity in advance so that some pressure on the regular trains is taken off.Further, order has also been issued to organise train checks to detect utilisation of vacant berths of NT passengers and misuse of railway pass/privileged ticket orders/warrants and other concessions.Further, efforts should be made for organising checks in regard to refund of PRS tickets and e-tickets specifically refund after preparation of charts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12422814", "title": "Dubbing UT's attitude towards kids' disappearance from Snehalay 'insensitive'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Dubbing the attitude of Chandigarh administration towards the disappearance of kids from Snehalaya, a home for destitute people, insensitive, the Punjab and Haryana high court on Monday directed UT to produce the report of an inquiry it conducted into the missing of children from the shelter home. The probe was conducted by IAS officer Vinod P Kavle and a member of Juvenile Justice Board, Manju Bhalla, last year. The HC also told the administration that the report should be filed along with an affidavit.When the matter came up for hearing on Monday before a division bench of Chief Justice Ranjan Gogoi and Justice Mahesh Grover, a detailed reply was submitted on behalf of the UT social welfare department director, Rajesh Jogpal. In its reply, UT submitted that children who could not be traced were of other states and their complete addresses and contact details were not available. It added, As all the children are school-going and in the age group of five to 18 years, it is difficult to restrict their movement. In case a child of Snehalaya goes missing, appropriate and prompt action is taken by the staff, in association with police.The administration also submitted that it was taking remedial steps to minimize the possibilities of running away of children in the wake of the recommendations of the inquiry conducted by Kavle and Bhalla.Not satisfied with UT's 'routine' reply, Justice Grover observed, Administration seems very insensitive in filing reply on such issues and trying to convey as nothing has happened.Now, case will come up for hearing on May 15.The issue had reached before the high court through a PIL after TOI highlighted the disappearance of children from Snehalaya and UTs apathy in tracing them.Alleging irregularities and mismanagement in the affairs of UT-run shelter home, the PIL had also submitted that no responsibility had been fixed more than a year after the shocking exposures, giving rise to the apprehension of human trafficking.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12425971", "title": "Agent Vinod collects Rs 30 crores", "text": "Despite being the biggest opening for a solo Saif Ali Khan starrer, 'Agent Vinod' will have to hugely depend on non-theatrical revenues to break even.Saif Ali Khan's much ambitious mega-budgeted solo-starrer Agent Vinod released last Friday. The response was pretty mixed with many shunning the espionage thriller for lack of an interesting storyline. The film might be slick and stylish but was low on substance.At the box-office, the film started on a slow note but business picked up slightly over the weekend because there was no other opposition or option for cine-goers. The first weekend collection is around Rs 30 crores which is the biggest opening for a solo Saif Ali Khan starrer. Also Agent Vinod boasts as the second biggest opening of 2012 (after Agneepath).However with the film budgeted at more than Rs 60 crores, it needs to be seen if it would be able to recover the heavy costs. It will have to hugely depend on its non-theatrical revenues for recovery. The business is decent only in urban centers and multiplexes. Otherwise it's below average everywhere.The coming Friday sees two modest releases. The first is Vishesh Films' Blood Money starring Kunal Khemu and Amrita Puri (last seen in Aisha ). It needs to be seen whether Kunal Khemu will be accepted as the solo lead hero in this Bhatt production. The second film is a comedy titled Bumboo and stars Kavin Dave, Sanjay Mishra, Sharat Saxena and the likes. This one is heavily banking on its content and comic value, in absence of big stars.Top Hindi Films this WeekFilm: Agent VinodPosition: 1Director: Sriram RaghavanCast: Saif Ali Khan, Kareena KapoorUpside: Decent performances, good music, entertaining only in partsDownside: Manipulative and convoluted screenplay, too larger than life, no suspense element, lame climaxRunning Week: 1Trade Comments: The film started on a slow note because of mixed response. Business picked up slightly over the weekend because there was no other opposition or option for cine-goers. The first weekend collection is around Rs 30 crores which is the biggest opening for a solo Saif Ali Khan film and the second biggest opening of 2012 (after Agneepath). However with the film budgeted at more than Rs 60 crores, it needs to be seen if it would be able to recover the heavy costs. It will have to hugely depend on its non-theatrical revenues for recovery.Film: KahaaniPosition: 2Director: Sujoy GhoshCast: Vidya Balan , Parambrata Chattopadhyay, Nawazuddin SiddiquiUpside: Good story, smart suspense, fascinating performances, brilliant climax, technically proficientDownside: Practically nothingRunning Week: 3Box-Office Verdict: Super HitFilm: Paan Singh TomarPosition: 3Director: Tigmanshu DhuliaCast: Irrfan Khan, Mahie GillUpside: Irrfan Khan brilliant performance and an interesting premiseDownside: Falls slack towards the endRunning Week: 4Box-Office Verdict: HitFilm: Chaar Din Ki ChandniPosition: 4Director: Samir KarnikCast: Tusshar Kapoor, Kulraj Randhawa, Anupam Kher, Om PuriUpside: Lighthearted fun, decent performances by character actorsDownside: Humour could have been better, conventional plot, dull musicRunning Week: 3Box-Office Verdict: FlopFilm: Tere Naal Love Ho GayaPosition: 5Director: Mandeep KumarCast: Genelia D'Souza, Riteish DeshmukhUpside: Genelia D'Souza's lively act, Riteish-Genelia chemistry, good humour, no melodramaDownside: Conventional and predictable to an extentRunning Week: 5Box-Office Verdict: Above Average", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12422335", "title": "Life\u2019s just got costlier in Maharashtra", "text": "MUMBAI: There was little cheer for Maharashtra when finance minister Ajit Pawar tabled his second budget in the assembly on Monday, with taxpayers facing the possibility of seeing any income tax gains they made in the Union Budget being totally wiped out if they purchase a new car. While Rs 22,660 is the expected gain in the highest income tax bracket, the purchase of a Rs 14-lakh petrol car, for example, will now set a buyer back by an additional Rs 30,000. Such a vehicle currently attracts a tax of Rs 1.1 lakh, which will go up to Rs 1.4 lakh in the budget for 2012-13 .Buyers saw 2% to 4% tax hikes across price groups for petrol and diesel vehicles, respectively . Pawar gave \"environmental reasons\" for the hikes, saying, \"The sale of diesel cars is on the rise. The proposed tax hike is to discourage the use of diesel and petrol cars.\" Simultaneously, in a relief for taxis and autos, the tax for new 'green' CNG vehicles was reduced by 2%.Cooking will also get more expensive, with a 5% levy introduced for LPG cylinders , which were earlier exempt . A cylinder costing around Rs 398 will now cost Rs 418. However the Congress, Shiv Sena , BJP and MNS have objected to the rise. \"A Congress delegation will meet the chief minister and urge him to roll back the tax on LPG,\" said Sanjay Dutt , party spokesperson .In a major relief to the realty industry, stamp duty rates for flats and leave-and-licence were not hiked. But sand will be taxed at source and levy on Plaster of Paris has shot up from 5% to 12%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12425451", "title": "Legal volunteers to work for public utility services", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Now legal volunteers and nominated/appointed retainers will campaign in the public and receive complaints from the citizens about their problems relating to public utility services in all the districts of the state.Permanent Lok Adalats (PLAs), constituted under the UP State Legal Services Authority Act (UPSLSA), has been asked to utilize the services of para-legal volunteers and retainers nominated/ appointed by the concerned legal services authorities.UPSLSA secretary G Shree Devi has issued instructions on March 16 to all the district judges/chairmen of the district legal services authorities on the direction of senior Judge of the Allahabad High Court, Justice Amitava Lala, who is also the executive chairman of UPSLSA.In the letter issued by the UPSLSA secretary, it has been asked that services of retainers be utilized in campaigning about the system of public conservancy or sanitation in every nook and corner of the districts. The services of retainers may be utilized on a rotational basis.In the direction, it has been written that while campaigning about public conservancy/sanitation, the volunteers/retainers and members of PLAs will receive the complaints from the citizens of respective areas of the districts and will forward it to the chairman of PLAs for disposal.The retainers, during the campaigning, will consider the lack of sanitation in sewerages in mohallas, streets, and lanes, cleanliness of roads and littering of garbage on the roads. They will also receive complaints regarding fogging/pesticides to eradicate mosquitoes, availability of fresh drinking water, repair of damaged roads, incorrect imposition of water tax and house tax, etc.All the permanent Lok Adalats have been asked to strictly comply will the direction of Justice Amitava Lala, executive chairman of UPSLSA and to furnish report at the interval of 15 days of each month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12422517", "title": "Tax notice to IT Park &amp; Basketball Club", "text": "INDORE: Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) has served notices to Crystal IT Park and Basketball Club on Monday for non payment property tax. Crystal IT Park owns around Rs 4.62 crores of property tax to IMC, while Basketball Club has to pay around Rs 2.28 crores. IMC has served notice under section 174 of Municipal Corporation Act.Revenue in-charge Chandu Shinde said that IMC was trying to recover property tax from Crystal IT Park from past few years. IT has denied to pay property tax saying that building is under construction government property so they can not pay tax. Later IMC collect record of the land from collector office and it was found that land is on the name of AKVN and they are payable of property tax. Beside this municipal commissioner Yogendra Shamra has clarified that property tax is only for the land and civic body has not charge for the under construction building.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12422500", "title": "Winner stabbed after Ugadi gambling bout", "text": "BANGALORE: A customary Ugadi gambling binge took a bloody turn in BTM Layout, off Bannerghatta Road, late on Friday after an autorickshaw driver was stabbed by his friend . The driver had refused to lend the friend a small sum out of the money he had won. Ramu Sampangi, 28, a resident of Old Madiwala, succumbed to stab injuries in a hospital on Sunday night. Madiwala police are on the trail of the alleged killer, Venkatesh Gangappa.According to police, flower vendor Venkatesh invited Ramu for gambling on Ugadi day. The duo and three others downed alcohol during the festivities and later sat down for gambling in an under-construction building on 32nd Main Road in BTM Layout.Police said Ramu made a huge sum of Rs 15,000 while playing andhar-bahar .\"Ramu wanted to return home when Venkatesh asked him to lend him Rs 5,000. Ramu declined and the duo fought. Venkatesh pulled a small-knife and stabbed Ramu in his stomach,\" police said.The injury was less than 5 cm deep. \"Ramu walked to a hospital, got his wound sutured and lodged a police complaint on Friday,\" police said.Madiwala police summoned Venkatesh, who said he will apologize to Ramu for the incident.\"Both agreed for a compromise and headed to a bar to celebrate,\" police said.All was well till Saturday evening when Ramu complained of stomach pain. \"Again he was rushed to the same private hospital where doctors asked him to go to St John's Hospital. But Ramu breathed his last before he could reach St John's ,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12423148", "title": "Paolo applied to register his travel agency: Police", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Amidst allegations that Italian trekker Bosusco Paolo, now in Maoist captivity, was running his travel business at Puri illegally since a long time, police have found that Paolo had applied for registration of his firm in 2001.\"During investigation, we found he had approached the Registrar of Firms in Cuttack seeking registration of his trekking agency. But we do not know whether or not his application was entertained,\" Puri SP Anup Kumar Sahoo told TOI. Sources said police asked the Registrar of Firms to inform about the status of the application.\"Paolo had then submitted a copy of his application (that he sent to Registrar of Firms) at the district SP office, though it was not mandatory,\" Sahoo said.Paolo's business partner Bijay Kumar Das, a local Odia man, contended that the agency \"Orissa Adventurous Trekking\" was recognized by the government (Registrar of Firms), though not by state tourism department. \"Paolo brother has all the documents with him. Let him come, the picture will be clear. We paid tax regularly,\" Das said.Notably, Paolo was issued a PAN card in India. The Union home ministry officials, who recently checked the travel details of the abducted Italian, confirmed that though Paolo had visited India a number of times on tourist visa in the past, he had been on a one-year business visa, issued to him last September.Paolo, after more than eight years of trekking experience in interior Odisha, had opened the agency at Puri in 2001.\"Orissa Adventurous Trekking is an Italian-Indian trekking agency involved mainly in organizing trekking expeditions to interior Odisha, from an environmental and ethnographic point of view,\" Paolo had posted on his agency website, www.orissatrekking. com. \"Italian and Indian guides with a long trekking experience in the world and in particular in Odisha, organize trekking explorations in tribal areas, national parks, jungles, etc,\" the website says.But the state government officials earlier told the media that Paolo did not obtain recognition from tourism department to run the agency. He was also accused of flouting the recent restrictions imposed on tribal tourism in the state.Rally demands release of Hikaka, PaoloKEONJHAR: Thousands of people from different political parties, communities and organisations staged a peace rally in the Keonjhar district headquarters on Monday, demanding release of the kidnapped Italian tourist, and Laxmipura MLA Jhina Hikaka. The people from the rally appealed to the Maoists to release \"foreigner guest and tribal leader\". The rally started from the Nagar Bhawan ground and reached the office of the collector. Later, a meeting was organised where leaders of different parties were present. Ex-MP Madhab Sardar, Zilla Parishad president Sarilata Prusty, ex-ZP president Bana Pahi, press club secretary Dipak Mishra were among the speakers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12423037", "title": "Rs 138-crore project to end city's water woes", "text": "MANGALORE: The Rs 138-crore proposal for a 24x7 uninterrupted water supply system mooted by the city corporation seems to be the only solace for judicious use of existing water resource in a city where pipelines are leaking like a sieve.The proposal aims at supplying water round the clock, plus plugging the leak using sensors. The system will monitor the amount of water pumped from the Thumbay pumping station to the end user thereby eliminating wastage, after rehabilitating the pipelines.When the Karnataka Urban Infrastructure Development and Finance Corporation (KUIDFC) commenced water pipeline work under the Asian Development Bank funded Karnataka Urban Development and Coastal Environment Management Project in the city in 2004, water leakage was estimated at 38%.The project never went as planned as the fund component for water supply was reduced from Rs 135 crore to Rs 98 crore which excluded the rehabilitation of old pipelines in the city.As old pipelines cannot withstand the force from the new pipeline, they started leaking. Most of the water is lost on the way to the city itself, thanks to the Port Connectivity Project of the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI).Old water pipelines are buried under the road from Thumbay due to want of land and there are leaks all along.\"With the corporation not shifting water lines, we did not have any other option to complete the project,'' said an NHAI engineer. However, the corporation claimed that NHAI did not give land to lay the new pipeline.In the city itself, there are major leaks at three places, two places at Bikkarnakatte and one at Nanthoor. City roads were concretized under the Rs 100 crore project, without shifting utilities, resulting in all the concrete roads being cut everyday after detecting leaks. Another Rs 100 crore may be needed to address this problem in the long run.On Monday, thousands of gallons of water went waste as 18 MGD (million gallons per day) pipeline burst at Bendorewell flooding shops. The reason cited was weak pipeline. The cast iron pipeline was put in 1972 and has an estimated life of 50 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "seoul", "code": "12425537", "title": "Manmohan, Gilani greet each other at Nuclear Security Summit", "text": "SEOUL: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and his Pakistani counterpart Yousuf Raza Gilani on Tuesday exchanged pleasantries, their second informal chat in two days at the Nuclear Security Summit here.Singh and Gilani shook hands as they greeted each other during the photo-op for the top world leaders attending the summit in the South Korean capital.Singh was later seen having a longish chat with Chinese President Hu Jintao , who is set to visit India for the BRICS (Brazil, Russia , India, China, South Africa) summit in New Delhi this week. Last night, the Prime Minister and his Pakistani counterpart Gilani had a \"meet and greet\" encounter prior to a dinner hosted for dignitaries attending the summit here.\"Prime Minister said hello to Mr Gilani,\" Indian sources had said. Singh and US President Barack Obama also exchanged pleasantries and hugged each other when they came face-to-face at the summit yesterday.Obama told Singh, \"Nice to see you here Mr Prime Minister.\"The last Singh-Obama meeting had taken place on November 17, 2011 on the sidelines of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) summit in Bali, Indonesia .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12422670", "title": "Dombivli education trust members booked for fraud", "text": "MUMBAI: The family from Dombivli which runs an educational trust is embroiled in a legal battle. The president of Samarth Samaj Trust, Shivajirao Jhondhale, had approached the Bombay HC alleging that his son Mahesh alias Sagar Jondhale used his forged signature to get a large amount of money collected by the trust as school fees with which he has bought a speedboat for enjoyment purpose . Calls to Mahesh at his office went unanswered.On Sunday, following a recent court directive, the Vishnu Nagar police lodged a cheating and forgery case against seven trust members, including Mahesh, and handed over the case to the state CID to further probe the matter.The six others of trust who has been booked under the case have been identified as Vaishali Jondhale, Narendra Choudhary, Annasaheb Choudhary, Bhagirathbai Jondhale and Karuna Nikam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12423188", "title": "Cong sticks to guns on MLA abduction debate", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Assembly plunged into chaos yet again on Monday, with the opposition Congress stalling proceedings by demanding debate on the issue of abduction of Laxmipur MLA Jhina Hikaka and a CBI inquiry into the alleged links of BJD with Maoists. Little business could be transacted as an all-party meeting convened by Speaker Pradip Amat failed to break the impasse.The Congress MLAs, who have been staying 24x7 inside the assembly since Saturday, alleged that the BJD was acting in cahoots with the left wing extremists, saying the ruling party winning the March 13 Koraput zilla parishad president elections with support from the Maoist-backed Chasi Mulia Adivasi Sangha (CMAS) made it evident. While both BJD and Congress have 14 members each in the 29-member Koraput ZP, the Naveen Patnaik-led party laid siege on the president post with support of lone CMAS representative who was elected from Narayanpatna.As soon as the house assembled for the day, leader of opposition Bhupinder Singh showed a letter signed by BJD's Koraput MP Jayaram Pangi and three BJD MLAs, Hikaka, Rabinarayan Nanda (Jeypore) and Raghuram Padal (Koraput). He said the letter contained details of an agreement between BJD and CMAS in connection with the Koraput ZP polls. \"The letter proves the unholy links of BJD with Maoists,\" Singh said. \"We will continue to sleep inside the House till the government concedes to our demand,\" he added.As Singh demand a CBI probe into the alleged BJD-Maoist nexus, his party lawmakers created pandemonium and unsuccessfully attempted to climb atop the Speaker's podium. They even raised slogans such as \"Mao neta Naveen Patnaik down, down\", pressing for Naveen's ouster.About 22 minutes of legislative business could take place with the state government responding to two queries during Question Hour before Speaker Pradip Amat repeatedly adjourned proceedings during the pre-lunch session. The post-lunch session failed to transact any business after a Speaker-convened all-party meeting did not yield any positive result. Sources the Opposition stuck to its stand for a debate at the meeting, but parliamentary affairs minister Raghunath Mohanty and government chief whip Rabi Narayan Pani did not agree. \"The allegations of a nexus between BJD and the Maoists are absurd,\" Pani said.Congress whip Prasad Harichandan accused the government of running away from debate as it would expose its links with rebels.BJD's Damodar Rout, however, rubbished the charges, saying the Opposition was trying to score political brownie points at a time when the state government was working hard to tackle the hostage crisis. \"The government is trying its best to secure release of Italian Bosusco Paolo and the Laxmipur MLA who Maoists are holding hostage. Instead of supplementing the government's efforts, the Opposition is creating unsavoury scenes and spending the night inside the Assembly for cheap political gain,\" Rout alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12422665", "title": "Gujarat only an option: Maruti chief", "text": "GURGAON: Maruti Suzuki is making space for engine production at its Gurgaon plant, to be prepared for increased demand as was seen last year with diesel models.On why the carmaker was looking at Gujarat for expansion and not another place in Haryana such as the industrial township of Bawal in Rewari district located along national highway 8, the chairman of Maruti Suzuki, R C Bhargava, said that by having the manufacturing of all the targeted 2 million cars done in the northern part of the country makes it a costly logistical option and that \"Gujarat has always been a further expansion option and not a replacement of Gurgaon\".According to an official statement by MSIL, \"The company will continue to increase production at Manesar, where a third plant with an annual capacity of 2.50 lakh units is coming up. Once the capacity in Manesar is fully utilized, the company plans to set up a new facility in Gujarat.\"MSIL confirmed that together, the facilities at all three locations - Gurgaon, Manesar and Gujarat - will be used by the company to manufacture vehicles to meet market demand.The overall car manufacturing capacity in Gurgaon will be gradually reduced from its current 7,20,000 to about 5,00,000 units by 2015 to free space as approximately for one lakh car capacity freed will make space for at least 2-3 lakh engine capacity.According to Bhargava, the Gurgaon facility's location in what is increasingly becoming a residential area is leading to higher process times and lower efficiency.\"When the Gurgaon plant was built three decades ago, the areas around it were practically uninhabited. However, at the current situation, residents have been discomforted by the regular movement of trailers and hence the management has taken a conscious and deliberate decision to reduce the number of units manufactured at the Gurgaon plant,\" said Bhargava.According to rough estimates, over 2,000 trucks enter Gurgaon to bring in raw material and engines, etc while over 300 trailers leave the Gurgaon plant with manufactured cars.When asked whether reducing production and increasing automation of its Gurgaon plant would mean reduction in the overall strength of workers, the chairman clarified that the ongoing trend of an increase in the number of employees would continue.Bhargava clarified that starting a manufacturing unit in Rohtak where the company has bought land would not be feasible since it would be a logistical problem. The company has also decided to pump in Rs 900 crore at its upcoming Research and Development centre (R &amp; D) in Rohtak, according to the state government.The chairman said that the reduction in units produced had nothing to do with the recent incidents of labour unrest. \"If one recalls, the labour unrest was concentrated at the Manesar units of the company and there was practically no trouble in Gurgaon. The company has thought of reducing the production at the Gurgaon unit and that has no connection with the labour unrest,\" clarified Bhargava.Meanwhile, the Haryana chief minister, Bhupinder Singh Hooda also confirmed MSIl's stand and said with car buyers shifting their focus to diesel, India's largest carmaker, MSIL, would invest Rs 1,700 crore to set up a new diesel engine plant at its Gurgaon complex that would become operational by mid-2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12423081", "title": "Ovary transplant to let you have a baby at any age", "text": "LONDON: Women may soon decide about when to have children without worrying about the so-called biological clock ticking away, say scientists who claim that they can now stop menopause with ovary transplants.\"It is possible to remove a small piece of ovarian tissue, freeze it, and when the woman reaches menopause around the age of 51, we could transplant that tissue back and she might not ever have to go through menopause,\" Sherman Silber, the lead scientist at Infertility Centre of St Louis, said. The latest breakthrough came after three women conceived naturally and gave birth to seven babies after receiving ovary transplants , the 'Daily Mail' reported. One of the women had her tissue frozen and inserted back into her at a later date, while the other two received ovaries extracted from an identical twin to prevent rejection . The results showed that transplanted ovaries could remain effective for at least seven years and raise the possibility of being able to stop the menopause and allow women to delay motherhood.Stinne Holm Bergholt, 35, went on to give birth to three babies after chemotherapy for bone cancer left her infertile. Before the chemotherapy, however, she had one of her ovaries taken out and transplanted back in afterwards. Holm Bergholt, a Danish doctor, told 'The Sunday Times' : \"Seven years back, I had just finished chemotherapy and my body was very weak. Now I have three children and I am living a normal life. It's amazing.\" Gedis Grudzinskas, a consultant gynaecologist in London , added: \"Women will have so much choice about when and how to have children, independent of their age... \" The findings are to be published in 'Reproductive Biomedicine Online' journal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12422781", "title": "Sanjay Gandhi Post Graduate Institute of Medical Sciences eyes north India's best kidney centre tag", "text": "LUCKNOW: The new regime wants to see Sanjay Gandhi Post Graduate Institute of Medical Sciences (SGPGIMS) emerge as a centre of excellence for kidney diseases. \"Our chief minister wants SGPGIMS to become the best centre in northern India for treatment of kidney diseases,\" said Dr R K Sharma, director of the institute, who met the CM recently. \"We would try our best to live up to his expectations,\" Dr Sharma said while talking to media persons in the city on Monday.Though Dr Sharma looked confident, it would be a tall order, thanks to the ever-increasing patient burden and lack of human resource. Consider this: Its 70-bedded nephrology unit has 100% occupancy with an equal volume of patients in waiting. This happens when the hospital does not attend to maintenance dialysis (dialysis given to patients who can manage without transplants). In terms of human resource, five clinicians are available against seven sanctioned posts. The shortage of nurses is even bigger - just 40 available against 75 needed. The scenario in the category of technicians is more or less the same.When asked to comment in this regard, Sharma said, \"We are aware of the shortcomings. Still we conduct close to 120 kidney transplants every year and patients from far flung states and even from Nepal come to us for help. As far as the manpower crunch is concerned, the state government has extended all possible support to us.\" The institute also has plans to add more beds in the nephrology and intensive care nephrology units (in which kidney patients with multiple complications are treated). He added that the shortcomings have failed to deter hospital's growth.\"Recently the Medical Council of India has increased the intake of residents (from two to six). Very soon, we will be having a pool of doctors who would share the load,\" he claimed. He also cited a recent decision by the health ministry wherein PGI has been selected as the UP's coordinating centre for renal diseases. They have entrusted the responsibility to spread awareness about renal diseases and develop a network to provide treatment by training doctors. We would soon start a one-year PG training course in dialysis,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "12422983", "title": "Karnataka State Road Transport Corporations employees plan state wide convention", "text": "BELGAUM: The Karnataka State Road Transport Corporations' Employment Associations' joint fighting committee will hold conventions at five centres across the state, which will begin with Bagalkot Samavesh on March 27, seeking fulfillment of their long pending demands.Convention in Hubli will be organized on March 28, in which KSRTC employees from Hubli, Belgaum, Chikkodi, Haveri, Sirsi and Gadag will participate. Similarly, conventions at Chikmagalur, Mysore and Gulbarga will be organized on March 31, April 2 and April 6 respectively.K S Sharma, state president of All Karnataka Road Transport Employees Board said, \"Salary of the employees should be revised through negotiating with the employees unions. Since 1995, managements have been imposing their unilateral and unfair decisions on employees.\"Because of this, employees are getting around 30.5% less salary at present, compared to the state government employees, which is unfair.\" He said around 1.10 lakh employees are working in different road transport corporations in the state.Sharma said their second main demand is regularizing trainee employees. Around 33,000 trainee employees were working in different road corporations, who get less than half salary compared to regular employees. But they do equal work as others and face disciplinary actions like penalty, suspension, transfer etc. It was nothing but exploitation of the employees. \"We demand to scrap this trainee employee status and accord them facilities of regular employees\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12422812", "title": "UP liquor dealers demand scrapping of old excise policy", "text": "LUCKNOW: Rates of liquor are set to shoot up by 15% as per the existing excise policy 2012-13, even as Lucknow Liquor Association stepped up its demand to scrap the policy to end the monopoly of liquor baron Ponty Chaddha.The association has demanded that a new policy should open wholesale licence (FL2) is everyone unlike the existing one wherein Chaddha's group alone has 58 FL2 in the state. Association president SP Singh said if FL2 licenses are opened for others, the state would get revenue of Rs 40 crore.Besides, Singh told TOI, it would also ensure competition in the retail market thus enabling availability of every brand of liquor which is not the case at present. He added that this would also end the overrating on the MRP of liquor, which has been a general complaint of consumers for past five years.But, the question is how will other wholesalers supply liquor to retailers as at least 60% of retail business is dominated by the Chaddha group, either directly or indirectly. Singh, however, said once the FL2 licences are opened, wholesalers would find a way out to supply stock to the retailers.He added that increased competition will even force the Chaddha group retail outlets to ensure supply from other FL2 also.Similarly, country-made liquor wholesale license (CL2) is also with Ponty Chaddha group, said Singh, adding that if the CL2 is given to country-made liquor factories directly this will generate Rs 500 crore revenue to the state government. There are 18 country-made liquor factories in the state, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12423205", "title": "Runaway cop surrenders in court", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A former police inspector, who had escaped from vigilance custody, surrendered at a special court here on Monday. The vigilance judge sent Bimal Nayak, former inspector of Nimapada police station in Puri district, to 14-day judicial custody after rejecting his bail plea.Nayak had fled from the custody of vigilance after he was allegedly caught accepting a bribe of Rs 5,000 on January 6. A mob comprising over 150 people had only whisked him away from vigilance custody, but also decamped with the confiscated money. While the vigilance had booked him in the alleged trap case, the district police filed case against him for \"stealing\" the money.After remaining incommunicado for many weeks, Nayak had surrendered in a lower court in Nimapada on March 13 in connection with the \"dacoity\" and \"escape\" case and was granted bail. He had subsequently moved the high court seeking anticipatory bail in connection with the trap case. The HC had told him to surrender in special vigilance court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12423228", "title": "Woman suspects foul play in brother\u2019s drowning off Marina", "text": "CHENNAI: A 35-year-old woman on Monday met police commissioner J K Tripathy and sought action to trace her brother who is feared to have drowned in the sea off the Marina on Thursday last. The boy, B Pharm student V Vetri Kondan, 20, was dragged in by a huge wave when he was frolicking in the water, his friends had said.V Vanitha of CIT Nagar, who was accompanied by her mother Ponniammal at the commissioner's officer, said she suspected foul play in the incident. Police efforts in this regard, too, were slack, she alleged. Vanitha's petition has been forwarded to the assistant commissioner of police (Triplicane) for further inquiry.After my bother was reported missing, \"We approached coast guard officials who took out a vessel and ventured along the coast from Ennore till Muttukadu but there was no trace of my brother,\" Vanitha told TOI.Vanitha said she also suspected enmity among some groups of students in the private college in Saidapet where her brother studied to be linked to the incident off the Marina. \"My brother and another student were recently placed under suspension following a problem between seniors and juniors. Though my brother went to the beach with his own group of friends, there could be some rival students' hand in the missing of my brother,\" Vanitha added.Normally, the body of anyone drowning in the sea is washed ashore in a day or two but there have been instances of bodies being untraced for several months, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12424921", "title": "Music mania", "text": "It was a sultry summer evening in Chennai when the nightbirds descended on this popular hangout to immerse themselves in some high octane music and dance.The mood was quite bubbly as the DJ came loaded with some great tricks up her sleeve. Belting out an array of peppy mixes and edits, the spin doctor had the crowds craving for more. But it was not just music that kept these folks in high spirits. There were some lovely appetizers and sparkling cocktails as well, which kept the partygoers company during their revelry. The boys and girls caught up with each other, exchanged pleasantries and some tittle tattle as well to keep the proceedings naughty. Well, the folks here work hard, but they party even harder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12421441", "title": "Jewellers on fast against excise slap", "text": "NEW DELHI: Seven jewellers sat on an indefinite hunger strike at Chandni Chowk's Kucha Mahanjani on Monday, intensifying jewellers' protest against the imposition of excise duty on unbranded jewellery, levying tax collection at source and doubling of customs duty on gold.Jewellers in Delhi said the strike would continue though the industry has reportedly incurred losses worth crores of rupees. \"In the past 10 days, every store has lost an approximate business of Rs 1 to 2 crore. We shall continue with the strike till the government announces a roll back of excise duty,\" said Shiv Jindal, director of Jindal Diamonds and Gems. The strike has prompted the Confederation of All India Traders to seek intervention of finance minister Pranab Mukherjee.Jewellers across the country have been on strike since March 17. While industry sources peg countrywide losses at over Rs 10,000 crore in the past 10 days, city jewellers alone have incurred losses of almost Rs 400 crore. Jewellers say the Centre's move is intended to curb the \"unproductive\" import of gold in the country and also boost its revenue. Customs duty on gold had been doubled from 1% to 2% earlier in January and then again to 4% in the Budget, besides imposing an excise duty of 1% on unbranded jewellery. The Budget also proposed that jewellers should collect 1% tax from all purchases exceeding Rs 2 lakh.Jewellers say they are ready to pay extra, however, the imposition of excise duty will only increase chances of harassment by the excise department and smuggling. \"For jewellers, paying a 0.3% tax on transaction value is not a big deal. But collecting taxes through the excise department will only lead to unwanted harassment and unnecessary raids,\" said Prashant Saraf, who has a store in Karol Bagh.\"If excise duty is implemented, the government will get a daily revenue boost of over Rs 1.2 crore from Delhi alone. It is negligible compared to the losses the industry has incurred over the past 10 days,\" said Prem Sharma, general secretary of the Delhi Bullion and Jewellers' Welfare Association, Kucha Mahajani.Another major concern is the impact on production. Some say levying excise duty would lead small artisans to desert the industry due to increased bookkeeping.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12422889", "title": "Another gang forging papers busted, 7 held", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Tricity has apparently become the most sought after destination for those dealing in forged documents, facilitating admissions, foreign travels and what not. The busting, on Monday, of yet another gang, third in a row within a week, which was operating for the past nine years, is a clear indication of the thriving illegal business.Chandigarh Police managed to bust a third gang tampering with documents. Of its seven members who have been arrested, one is a bank employee, who also fraudulently provided bank statements of customers to the gang members for being used to prepared forged documents.Aman Bhalla, a resident of Zirakpur, ran the gang and has been into the illegal business since nine years. He has links in Punjab, Haryana and Delhi. Bhalla earlier ran a travel company in Chandigarh. Six months ago, he shifted his base to Panchkula. During interrogation, he told that every year, he sent around 50 to 60 persons abroad on tourist visa on the basis of forged documents. He mostly arranged tourist visas for the UK and Canada and charged Rs 6 lakh to Rs 7 lakh from each of his clients, said Alok Kumar, deputy inspector general of Chandigarh Police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12425092", "title": "Mammootty\u2019s Nasrani will be Ajatha Satruvu in Telugu", "text": "Mammootty's Malayalam film Nasrani has been titled as Ajatha Satruvu in Telug.The story of Nasrani in Malayalam is about the life of a plantation owner, by name David John kottarathil. The aristocratic life of this Syrian Christian estate owner goes helter-skelter due to adverse situations that takes place suddenly in his family life when his dear darlings are overpowered by unpredicted anecdotes.Rajan Doha produces this flick under the banner of Horizon Entertainment. The outdoor shoots have been filmed in various picturesque landscapes of Kerala. The producers of the Telugu version Ajatha Satruvu have also purchased the dubbing rights of the film.Greenline Entertainments boss Bakki Girish Kumar has cornered the rights of the film. Gundala Suryakumari presents the movie for which lyrics &amp; script are penned by Rajasri and Venkataswamy. Joshi has directed the venture, the film is waiting for the censoring.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12422350", "title": "Water way to go! City to get Rs 750cr", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbai has been given more sops than it usually gets, in the 2012-13 budget. The state has green-signalled the Rs 750-crore water transport project, which envisages a ferry service from Borivli to Nariman Point on the western coast and a roll-on / roll-off ferry service for passengers and vehicles from Ferry Wharf to Mandwa and to Nerulon the eastern coast.Mumbai got more than its usual share of sops when state finance minister Ajit Pawar rolled out the 2012-2013 Maharashtra budget on Monday. Among the city projects that got a boost were the muchdelayed water transport plan for the western and eastern coasts, the 630-crore J J Hospital makeover, and the Mumbai Urban Transport Project-II (MUTP).Of all the projects that got a mention in Pawar's speech, the one that figured most prominently was the Rs 750-crore water transport project, which envisages ferry services on Mumbai's west and east coasts. On the western side, a ferry service will connect Borivli and Nariman Point, with Marve, Versova , Juhu and Bandra as the terminals in between. On the eastern side, a roll-on /roll-off ferry service for passengers and vehicles will be operated from Ferry Wharf to Mandwa and to Nerul. Both the projects are expected to be completed by June 2014, said chief minister Prithviraj Chavan at a joint press conference with Pawar after the latter presented the budget.Pawar explained that the estimated cost of Rs 750 crore will be bor ne by the state government , MMRDA and CIDCO. \"The Mumbai east and west coast projects will give a fillip to faster, cheaper and environment-friendly passenger transport facility,\" the deputy chief minister said.Apart from the ferry service, Pawar also spoke in his budget speech of a Rs 630-crore super-speciality building at J J Hospital near Byculla. The project approved, the government has made available the necessary outlay to facilitate preliminary work, Pawar said. The state, it is learnt, is keen on bringing the hospital on a par with New Delhi's All India Institute of Medical Sciences. According to initial reports, the new building will have 582 beds, of which 282 will be for 16 departments offering super-specialty facilities. Two hostels, Wilson and Wadia, will be demolished to make way for the building and 5.32 FSI will be used for the construction. The minister also spoke of providing funds for a new medical college in Mumbai.The state gave another fillip to the city in the form of MUTP. Pawar said the government is expected to spend Rs 710 crore in the coming fiscal year on the project's phase two, of which Rs 355 crore will be provided by the MMRDA. The estimated cost of the total phase is Rs 5,300, and the World Bank has sanctioned a loan of Rs 1,910 for it. The project includes 72 twelve-car EMU rakes, fifth and sixth lines between CST-Kurla , sixth line between Mumbai Central and Borivli, fifth and sixth lines between Thane and Diva, among many other things.Mumbai, Pawar said, will continue getting its share under the Centre's Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission . Plans are also afoot to set up a 'Bhasha Bhavan ' in Mumbai to implement programmes and projects for the promotion of Marathi language. To further the cause, rare Marathi books, along with volumes of the Marathi Vishwakosh (encyclopaedia), will be made available online. Chief minister Chavan said during the press conference that agriculture and infrastructure were the government's two key priorities . That perhaps is the reason the CM is keen on expediting Mumbai's infrastructure projects.MSRDC officials said that, to make the ferry service on the east coast a success, an elevated road will be constructed from Ferry Wharf to P D'mello Road. They added that the jetty at Ferry Wharf will be repaired and a terminal building constructed there; at Nerul, the jetty and terminal will be close to Sea Woods; there is already an operational jetty at Mandwa. The ferry service will be operated by private companies, who will pay the MSRDC a licence fee. The facility will be closed only during the peak monsoon months of July and August.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12422393", "title": "State's industrial growth is 5.67%", "text": "Karnataka's average annual growth rate for the period 2007-2011 was 5.67%, as against the national average of 8.87%, which the government on Monday insisted was not an indicator of a slump.Even as the opposition did not challenge the figures, the government was in for embarrassment when ruling party member Bagali Sarvabhouma Satagouda wanted major and medium industries minister Murugesh R Nirani or his department's principal secretary to apologize over what he called \"suppressing' ' statistics for 2011-2012 on industrial growth rate. Nirani, however, denied that slow industrial growth was the reason for not furnishing information for 2011-2012 . Karnataka's annual average industrial growth rate during the 11th Five Year Plan (2007-2012 ).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12422754", "title": "Power consumers' body wants UP Power Corporation Limited revamp", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh Rajya Vidyut Upbhogta Parishad has demanded the state government to post an official as head of the energy department as well as UP Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL) as soon as possible.The association of power consumers pointed out that the absence of an official as chairman of UPPCL is pushing the financially ailing utility to the brink of crisis. The burden, the association said in a statement, would eventually be passed on to the consumers.The association said that one-time settlement scheme has been biggest casualty after UPPCL turned into a headless organisation following the change of guard in Lucknow. The scheme has virtually been suspended, as power officials no more attend to the consumers. Until, December last year, the scheme was being closely watched and scrutinised by the corporation.The association citing the data available at the UP Power Corporation Limited head office said that the crisis has deepened because of an extremely slow revenue recovery. As against the target of Rs 25,181 crore, the revenue recovered has been17, 516 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12420254", "title": "Jaywalking claimed 81 lives in 15 months in city", "text": "NAGPUR: Believe it or not, careless walking on roads in violation of traffic rules have claimed around 81 lives in mishaps in the last 15 months. Some 66 persons died in 2011 and the toll is 15 so far this year, underlining the perils of jaywalking, which is an offence under the Bombay Police Act 1951.The city police authorities, yet to start enforcing the relevant rule, have now undertaken a campaign to create awareness among citizens against jaywalking. City had witnessed a mishap earlier this month when two students walking along the road were killed and another three injured when a car rammed into them near Rahate Colony square.City police chief Ankush Dhanvijay said that walking along the right side of the road is the cardinal rule that citizens need to adopt now. \"Walking on the left does not allow the citizens to gauge the movement of vehicles approaching from behind. If at all one wants to walk on the left, they should walk on the footpath,\" he said.Dhanvijay said that walking on the right side of the road allows one to see approaching vehicles. \"Morning and evening walkers need to follow the rule of walking on the right,\" he said.The CP also pointed out that police had already put up a cautionary sign board for morning walkers near the Civil Lines walkers' lane.The CP also added that the students who had died in the recent fatal accident would have been alive if they had walked on the footpath. \"Citizens should walk on the footpath,\" he said. Dhanvijay is learnt to have asked NMC authorities to undertake regular anti-encroachment drives to clear footpaths.He has also issued instructions to deputy commissioner of police (traffic) Jeevraj Dabhade to undertake a campaign to create awareness among citizens.to adhere to the walking rule. Around 40,000 leaflets are expected to be distributed with the help of volunteers and NGOs to educate people about safe walking.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12422016", "title": "Starry-eyed wives fill in for BJP stars", "text": "NEW DELHI: The ambition was always there but reservations at home kept city BJP chief Vijender Gupta's wife Shobha Vijender from making her mark in municipal politics. This time, thanks to reservation of 50% seats for women candidates, Shobha has got a shot at an MCD seat on a BJP ticket. The party's list of more than 140 women candidates includes relatives of other political heavyweights also - notably, Vandana Bhagat, daughter of ex-MLA Sushil Choudhary, and Sivali Sharma, daughter-in-law of sitting BJP councillor JP Sharma.Critics say these women are merely filling in for their menfolk, but talking to them you cannot miss a note of aspiration. Shobha is candid: \"My husband discouraged me from joining politics. I had to fight with him to apply for the candidature\". A housewife so far, Shobha cites her role in the Child Welfare Committee as credentials for a public role. \"I rarely cook. When my children Aadhar and Aaina were younger, they often complained that most of my time was spent in social work and assisting their dad, but now they understand. They are supportive.\"When Vandana Bhagat supplanted BJP's Lajpat Nagar candidate Veena Abrol, there were cries of favouritism. But Vandana says she has been a political worker from college. \"The party has given me the ticket in view of my work. My father's legacy has nothing to do with it. He was MLA from Kasturba Nagar under the Jangpura assembly constituency,\" said the mother of a three-year-old. \"I want to make Lajpat Nagar a role model of development. Parking, encroachments and the sewerage will be my focus.\"In Uttam Nagar, the party has decided to field sitting councillor JP Sharma's daughter-in-law Sivali, but Sharma insists: \"The party decided to field my daughter-in-law in view of her active participation in political work and not my insistence\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12422519", "title": "Announcement triggers station unrest", "text": "MUMBAI: Confusing announcements by the motorman of a Borivli local led to high drama at Andheri on Monday evening.Angry commuters gathered near the motorman's cabin to register their protest, but timely intervention by the police helped prevent the situation from spinning out of control.Oswal Pereira, a Borivli resident and a commuter, said: \"I boarded the 5.05pm Borivli local from Vile Parle. The motorman announced through the public address system that the train will stop at platform 2 instead of the usual Platform 1 at Andheri station.\" People initially thought the change in platform could be due to some technical reasons . But they realized something was wrong when they saw two Borivli locals go past them after stopping at platform 1.\"There were no further announcements for almost 30 minutes . Suddenly, the motorman announced that the train had been terminated at Andheri and would now leave for Churchgate . This infuriated the commuters . Pereira said, \"A mob of commuters gathered near the motorman's cabin, who locked himself inside to avoid any trouble . The police then arrived on the scene to bring the situation under control.\" Finally, it was announced that the train would leave for Borivli. Nitin David, public relations officer of Western Railway, did not respond when TOI called him up to confirm the sequence of events.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "12422031", "title": "Food check on Bokaro confectioneries", "text": "BOKARO: Food inspectors were on the prowl on Monday and hauled up two city establishments for serving unhygienically prepared food to customers.The kitchens of Kozy Sweets and Mansarover at the City Centre, Sector-IV, were found filthy, said the three inspectors headed by civil surgeon, Shashi Bhusan Singh.They also collected samples of sweets and sent them to the testing laboratory in Dhanbad. Stale fried rice and paneer were found in the kitchens of Kozy Sweets and Mansarover respectively. Singh said those working in the kitchen were trying to mix the old fare with fresh stuff.\"We collected samples of milk products like kesaria peda and kaju barfi from Kozy Sweets and khoa and milk cake from Mansarover,\" he said.The team-members, who arrived from Dhanbad, included two food safety inspectors, Virender Kumar and Hanan of Mineral Area Development. Singh, who is a civil surgeon of Dhanbad, holds additional charge of Bokaro. However, the officials of the district health department were not informed about the inspection.Singh maintained, \"The kitchens were very dirty and unhygienic.\"DC, Bokaro, Sunil Kumar, said they are waiting for the reports, after which action would be taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12422775", "title": "\u2018Theatre in city is still amateur\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Theatre has seen many changes and has gone through many phases in the city over a couple of years, but what has not changed in all these years is the lack of financial support, say city-based theatre artists. According to them, government was of no help to them before and neither is it of any help now. There are over 35 registered and 20 non registered theatre groups in Tricity and all face similar problems.Kamal Arora, who is the president of one of the oldest theatre group in the city, said, the biggest reason why theatre in city is still amateur and not on the professional level is that there is no proper funding for theatre. We have to spend money from our pocket because of which it is not possible to stage many shows in a year.Ravinder Kumar, a city-based theatre director, said, A good professional theatre production costs lakhs of rupees as you need to create the atmosphere , be it a Russian play, historical play or a mythological play and without funding no one can afford to stage such a play. What is sad is that administration has lakhs of rupees when it comes to paying celebrities, but local theatre groups get a meagre Rs 5,000 and this has been the same for years.Rajiv Mehta, another city-based theatre director, said, Most of the people do not opt for theatre as a profession as they know it has no money to offer.When asked why the ticket system which prevailed couple of years ago could not continue in the city, Vijay Machal, a city-based theatre director, said, Ticket system calls for paying entertainment tax to the government that too in advance for all seats irrespective of the fact that they are booked or not. And since all the money goes from the same pocket after finishing with payments of actors, lights, sets and costume, nothing is left. Instead of saving anything one runs into losses.Other problems which the theatre artists have to face are lack of rehearsal space and poorly equipped auditoriums for staging plays. Director Gaurav Sharma, said, Chandigarh is a small city with many theatre groups, but all these groups fall short of rehearsal space and it affects their performance as well. In the evening almost five to six groups rehearse together at Kala Bhawan in Sector 16 and Tagore Theatre in Sector 18.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12425851", "title": "UP Board: Five caught cheating", "text": "KANPUR: As many as five students were caught cheating during the UP Board examinations from various centres of the city on Monday. Around 40,000 students have dropped till date.Four of the students were appearing in the intermediate examination and one in high school. They were coping from guides kept inside the desks.\"One class X student appearing in home science paper was caught having guide with him from Vasudev Inter College in Ashok Nagar. Four candidates were caught having chits from Lakshmi Narain Inter College, Billhaur,\" district inspector of schools (DIOS) Shiv Sevak said.Many instances of copying in rural areas are not highlighted.\"This time, most of the flying squads have not been able to reach villages due to conveyance problem. Many school authorities assist in mass cheating, hence the students are alerted about the arrival of the squad. Thus, the flying squads are not effective in rural areas,\" said a board official.The DIOS had lodged a case of negligence and indulging in mass cheating against superintendent of Nehru Inter College, Arauli. Centre superintendent A Katiyaar was involved in helping students in cheating. He allotted invigilation task to most of the subject teachers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12420728", "title": "\u2018We are hoping for a balanced ZP budget\u2019", "text": "NASHIK: Amidst speculations that the zilla parishad (ZP) administration will cap its annual budget around Rs 30 crore, newly elected ZP president Jayashree Pawar, on Monday said, \"We hope that the budget will take into account the overall needs of people and will therefore be a balanced one.\"ZP chief executive officer Ranjit Mehta, will sanction the budget this year, since the newly formed House is yet to elect office-bearers to its various committees and the deadline to present the budget to the state government gets closer.Speaking to the press about the annual budget, the president, who assumed office on Monday, said, \"We have had a dialogue with the officers and exchanged suggestions on budget planning. We are confident that the officials will take into account the same and plan accordingly.\"According to the officials, the annual budget, which stood at Rs 29.5 crore last year, will not change much, especially when its sources of income are limi ted and when it can hardly increase taxes.\"Till last year we had a spill over from the budget of the preceding years. But considering ZP general elections (held recently), members ensured that all the funds earmarked were utilised in their areas. This means that all the spill over is gone,\" informed a senior official from accounts and finance department.The chief executive officer will sanction the budget for now, which will then be presented to the state government.\"Whenever the House assembles it can decide and change the priorities in the budget as required - sticking to the guidelines of the sate gvernment,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "patna/jamui", "code": "12423109", "title": "Robbers gang-rape, shoot woman", "text": "PATNA/JAMUI: In an incident that sent shivers down the spine, road robbers gang-raped and shot dead a woman in her 30s after relieving her family members of cash and belongings while they were on way to Jamui after a picnic trip on Sunday evening. Worse, policemen took 12 hours to lodge an FIR as they allegedly fought over the jurisdiction of the place of occurrence.The incident occurred at the tri-junction of Jamui, Sheikhpura and Lakhisarai districts, 200km from Patna, when Naresh Barnwal, a businessman based in Dhanbad, along with his wife and child and wife's brother, wife and child was returning after visiting tourist spots in Rajgir and Nalanda on his car.They were on way to Jamui where his wife's 'mausi', or mother's sister, stayed.Reports reaching state police HQ said the Barnwals were intercepted by six armed criminals who had put up boulders on the road near Hansapur village under the Karandeh police station of Sheikhpura district. They snatched the cash, ornaments, cellphones and other belongings of the Barnwals and pulled Naresh's wife out of the vehicle. They forced her to walk with them at gunpoint for some distance, gang-raped and shot at her before escaping.Wailing family members scouted for the victim and took her to the Jamui sadar hospital, 50km away, where she was declared 'brought dead'.Since the robbery took place at a spot that fell under Sheikhpura district; the gang rape at a spot in Lakhisarai district and the death was confirmed in Jamui district, cops at the three police stations concerned made the wailing Barnwals to run in circles - from Jamui to Sheikhpura and then to Lakhisarai.What added to their woes was the fact that the SPs of Sheikhpura and Lakhisarai had relinquished the charge following a police reshuffle notified on Saturday.It was only after the new incumbent, Premlata, joined as Lakhisarai SP on Monday and visited the spot along with new Sheikhpura SP Anusuiya Rana Singh Sahu that the FIR was lodged at the Halsi police station in Lakhisarai around 9am.DGP Abhayanand said doctors performing autopsy informally told the local sub-inspector there were no signs of rape on the body. \"However, we will wait for the autopsy report before reaching a conclusion,\" he said and added a team of forensic experts had been sent from Patna for scientific examination of the spot.Sources said police have seized a cellphone from the spot. However, it was not examined till reports last came in on Monday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12422809", "title": "Jaya places bets on industry", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil Nadu is betting on its reputation as an auto hub to help it attract investments worth 20,000 crore in the next six months. The state government said a clutch of companies, both homegrown and multi-national , has either got the green signal for investment plans in the state or are in advanced discussions about projects.Among the names Tamil Nadu finance minister O Pannerselvam mentioned in his budget speech are Yamaha, Danfoss, Royal Enfield, Philips Carbon, Sundaram Clayton, TI Group, Saint Gobain , Sanmina-SCI , and Nokia.While presenting the state budget on Monday, Pannerselvam said that \"a number of investors including Fortune 500 companies have proposed to establish their manufacturing bases in Tamil Nadu\" .The companies mentioned in the budget are \"all at an advanced stage of approval by the state government and memoranda of understanding for these projects are expected to be signed very soon,\" he added. Apart from these, 11 companies are also \"at an advanced stage to finalise their investment plans,\" Paneerselvam said.Among those that have announced new projects is motorcycle manufacturer Royal Enfield, which is setting up its second factory in the state at Oragadam SIPCOT Industrial Park.The plant will require an investment of 350 crore spread over five years and will have an initial installed capacity of 1.5 lakh units per annum . The 50-acre facility will go on stream in the first quarter of 2013. Currently, Royal Enfield makes 70,000 bikes in its existing plant in Tiruvottiyur in North Chennai.Sundaram Clayton and Yamaha have also lined up investments in the state.Although there has been no official statement from Yamaha on its third Indian plant, sources in the auto industry say the Japanese company has more or less decided on Chennai. Yamaha has two plants in Faridabad and Surajpur in the NCR region.Sources say having Nissan and Toyota in the vicinity has upped the south's appeal among Japanese investors.Of course, the roster of potential investors includes some non-automotive names as well. \"We are in talks with the government to expand our operations in Sriperumbudur. Nothing has reached finality yet. We are planning series of fresh investments and will make announcements only when we reach a finite stage,\" said B Santhanam, MD, Saint Gobain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12422080", "title": "City to get an iconic cultural landmark", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Kozhikode will soon find itself among the select cities that can boast of a signature tower in its skyline as its cultural and tourism landmark.The design of the Fraternity Tower, a tourism department-funded project intended to create an architectural showpiece for Malabar's cultural and historical legacy, was unveiled by M K Muneer, minister for social welfare and panchayats, at a function held here on Monday.With a height of 72m, roughly equalling the height of a 17-storey building, the tower incorporates the design of a hand holding a flaming torch. The building will house a museum and exhibition area in the basement, a mini theatre in the middle of the tower, and a viewing gallery on top.The Rs 32-crore project will come up on 2.9 acres of government land opposite the Mananchira Grounds in the centre of the city. The government has made an initial outlay for the project in this year's budget.Unveiling the design of the building, Muneer said the foundation stone for the tower will be laid in April and the work will be completed in a year's time. He said the museum will be named after Zamorin while then two-acre park surrounding the tower will be named Kunhali Marakkar Park. \"There are many cities in the world which are synonymous with the landmark buildings present there. We hope to make the Fraternity Tower the iconic building of Kozhikode, symbolizing its rich cultural and historical legacy\" the Minister said.The outgoing district collector P B Salim, who is the brain behind the project, said that once completed the tower would be the tallest government building in the state. \"It will have a viewing gallery on top, which would provide spectacular views of the Arabian sea and the entire city,\" he said.The Zamorin's museum and exhibition centre will be housed in the basement of the building. The project will be constructed in three phases. In the first phase an underpass from Manachira Ground to the building will be built.The second phase will see the construction of an underground parking area which can accommodate up to 500 cars. While the first two phases will be completed with private participation, the tower will be constructed with government funding.The tower has been designed by sculptor Jeevan Thomas and the architect is N M Salim. Mayor AK Premajam and K Pradeep Kumar MLA were present at the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12425908", "title": "Rana bags top honor", "text": "Tollywood hunk Rana Daggubati topped the list of Bollywood's 'Most Promising Newcomer of 2011 - Male', in an online poll conducted by the Times.Rana debuted in Bollywood with the flick 'Dum Maaro Dum', which also stars noted actors like Abhishek Bachchan , Bipasha Basu and Prateik Babbar. He essayed the role of DJ Joki and he stands out in the film, despite a star-studded cast. He is recognized as one of the best Bollywood finds and the offers have come his way. This shows Rana's capabilty to cross language barriers. He also stood at 20th spot in Times 50 Most Desirable Men of 2011 and his popularity is on the rise. Good to see a Telugu actor going places and standing on the top!The Times Promising Newcomers list also include some of the promising youngsters who could make it big in Hindi Film Industry. Top 10 List: 1. Rana Daggubati (Dum Maaro Dum), 2. Vidyut Jamwal (Force), 3. Shiv Pandit (Shaitan), 4. Sendhil Ramamurthy (Shor In The City), 5. Kunal Roy Kapur (Delhi Belly), 6. Kartikeya Tiwari (Pyaar Ka Punchnama), 7. Sunny Gill (Jo Hum Chahein), 8. Divyendu Sharma (Pyaar Ka Punchnama), 9. Saqib Salim (Mujhse Fraaandship Karoge), 10. Sachin Joshi (Azaan).Source: Gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12422043", "title": "Hope it\u2019s not poison you are sipping", "text": "RANCHI: It is that time of the year when throats run dry and we look for a cool sip on the road under a scorching sun. Lassi, bel sherbet, sattu sherbet, fruit juices, lemon juices and ice golas are some of the thirst quenchers, which come in various flavours and colours. \"A sip of ice gola immediately refreshes the body and mind and gives us the energy to walk that extra mile. Even the simple sweet lime or lemon juice available on the roadside is cheap and refreshing,\" said Manoj, an employee at a mall.It's only to be expected that thirsty commuters will turn to these vendors to cut down on their dehydration. Given the huge demand for these cool sips, stalls have sprung up at almost every nook and corner with little attention to quality and hygiene. Some vendors even function near drains, some fetch their water from unhygienic sources and the ice they put in the drinks is another source of worry. Flies are often seen feasting on the fruits. Most customers are unaware of the side effects of buying such juices. \"What can happen? Curd and fruits are good for health. So how can they harm us?\" asked Raghava, a student at Gossener College.Ramesh, who sells ice golas and juices, said, \"Our fruits are clean. We keep the ice in a closed container. A couple of flies may sit on the mixie. But they are not coming in contact with the juice. We get ice from the factory and sell a gola for Rs 5 or Rs 10. We don't want our customers to fall sick.\"A lemon juice vendor near Lalpur Chowk was taken aback when asked about the water he uses to make the juice. \"I get water from home but when I run out of it, I take water from a nearby tap,\" he said.Additional chief medical officer, M M Sengupta, said, \"There are so many juice stalls in the city that it is not possible to check each one of them individually. If we get any complain of food poisoning, we send food officers to collect samples from that particular stall and take action against the vendor only if the samples are found adulterated or unhygienic.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12422927", "title": "Seeing Pakistan differently", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If there's a twinkle in the eyes of those who visited the 'Made in India' exhibition in last week, it's probably because of Hashmi \"surma\" that came all the way across the border and sold like hot cakes here. Both men and women of all age groups sought out the stall selling the famous surma that is known to be made only of herbs, taking even traders by surprise.Swadheen Goel, who was selling surma at the exhibition in Himachal Bhawan, said he was amazed at number of men who came to buy it from him. \"In Pakistan it is common for men to apply surma but according to my understanding not many men in India do so. Yet many men were excited about it. I spoke to some boys and they said in Sikh families too men apply surma.\"Goel said surma is available in two colours -- black and grey. \"The black one is called surmi and is mainly for girls and grey one, called surma, is for men. These days grandmothers don't make surma at home like they used to earlier. Those available in market have chemicals that hurt eyes so people are skeptical about using them. Our product is 100% herbal doesn't hurt,\" he added.The stall sold only five items - kajal, surma, surmi, liner and rose water - all of which sold out by the end of Monday. \"None of our products were more than Rs 50 and they will expire only after six years,\" said Goel. Model-cum-actor Abhay Singh, a customer at the surma stall said, \"I used it once for a modelling assignment and realized that it looked good on me. When I saw it at the exhibition I got so excited that I bought both colours.\"Rekha Sharma, a resident of Mohali, said, \"It is my brother-in-law's wedding after two months and I have bought grey surma for him.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12422644", "title": "BMC plays blame game over Malad pit tragedy", "text": "MUMBAI: Days after 65-yearold Jepamany Verghese died after falling into a pit at Marve in Malad, the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC)'s roads department maintained that the area was \"well barricaded by the contractor \" and that Verghese was in a \"drunken state\" when the incident occurred.Verghese's family members have decided to file a defamation case against the civic body once they return from Kerela.The western suburbs roads department submitted a report to additional municipal commissioner Aseem Gupta on Monday, saying that Verghese was \"not even in a position to walk\" when the incident occurred . According to the civic body, Verghese had come to the site in an inebriated state to speak to the workers who were trying to repair the water lines.Before workers at the site could react, Verghese had fallen into the pit and lost consciousness . Locals from adjoining areas rushed Verghese to hospital.The Malvani police had taken the statement of the plumber who was working at the site. He, too, maintained that Verghese was in a drunken state. According to the postmortem report, the elderly gentleman died of a heart attack, claimed the BMC report.Verghese's family members are upset with the civic body's reaction. \"We are going to file a defamation case against the civic body. I have lost my family and they cannot just make such a statement. He was certainly not drunk when the incident took place. Let me return to Mumbai and speak to the commissioner. My lawyers, meanwhile, will take care of the situation,\" said a relative.Last Thursday, Verghese was on his way to a church to offer prayers when he fell into a two-ft-deep pit dug up by the BMC for laying water lines and succumbed to his injuries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "12421559", "title": "Sikh high priests urge community to follow March 23 directions", "text": "AMRITSAR: Sikh high priests have once again cautioned Sikh organizations, which have chalked out separate programmes to protest against hanging of Balwant Singh Rajoana, who is on a death row in case of assassination of former state chief minister Beant Singh.After holding a meeting with four other Sikh high priests on Monday, Akal Takht jathedar Giani Gurbachan Singh said that every Sikh should obey the March 23 directions issued by the Sikh clerics and not chalk out any individual programme that could disrupt hard-earned peace in the state.A few Sikh organizations, including Khalsa Action Committee, Dal Khalsa, Shiromani Akali Dal (Amritsar) Shiromani Akali Dal (Panch Pardhani), have announced their programme to take out a march from the Akal Takht to Patiala on March 29 and hold a religious programme outside Central Jail, Patiala, till March 31.The Akal Takht on March 23 had directed the Sikh men and women to wear saffron turbans and dupattas, respectively, on March 28, and put up Khalsa insignias on their business complexes, houses and vehicles. It also asked them to offer prayers and perform ardas for 'chardi kalan' (high esteem) of Rajoana by keeping aside their professional commitments.On an appeal of Rajoana to the Akal Takht jathedar to take back the title of 'Jinda Shaheed' (Living Martyr), Giani Gurbachan said, \"We respect sentiments and feelings of Rajoana but we have awarded the title after thorough deliberations and keeping in view the panthic sentiments\".Praising the Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee (SGPC) and state government for making efforts to save the life of Rajoana, Giani Gurbachan said if the death sentence awarded to Rajoana was deferred the directions of the Akal Takht would stand withdrawn. If the death sentence was not deferred, he added the five high priests would themselves lead the movement.He said they would wait till March 29 and if there was no hope for Rajoana they would again hold meeting to announce the future programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "12421007", "title": "Luxuries just got lot more taxing", "text": "PORVORIM: With the state government coming out with several new proposals and reducing petrol by ` 11 per litre incurring a huge burden, chief minister Manohar Parrikar has tried to mobilize resources through various sources including taxing liquor, entry tax, infrastructure tax, tax on vehicles, registration fee, etc.In his budget speech, the chief minster said that the excise duty and fee structure on Indian made foreign liquor manufactured in Goa and imported from other parts of the country and foreign liquor imported from abroad will be increased.Similarly, excise duty on beer has also been enhanced.A fee for transfer of licence for bottling and blending of country liquor of around ` 25,000 each will be introduced.Parrikar said VAT will be levied on IMFL including foreign liquor and beer from existing the 20% to 22%. The tax on aerated and carbonated non-alcholic beverages will be increased from 12.5% to 20%. Cigarette smokers will have to pay more as the tax on cigarettes and raw tobacco has been enhanced to 22%.In order to discourage sale of fast food, tax on items such as pizzas, burgers, fried chicken, potato chips, etc sold under branded names, excluding cakes and pastries manufactured locally, will be increased to 20%.The government has also proposed to levy a tax at the rate of 15% on cars and SUVs above `15 lakh and above and also on two wheelers costing more than Rs 2 lakh. To encourage airlines to refuel at Goa airport, he has proposed to reduce VAT on aviation turbine fuel from the existing 22% to 12.5%To compensate the loss of revenue on account of reduction of entry fee in off-shore casinos from ` 2,000 to ` 500, the chief minister said that the licence fee of these casinos will be enhanced to `6.5 crore per annum thereby targeting `9 crore from off-shore casinos. The licence fee for land-based casinos will be increased to `2.5 crore fetching an additional income of `30 crore annually.Rationalizing luxury tax, the chief minister said services provided in beauty parlours and spas will be covered under the luxury tax at the rate of 10% on receipts.To encourage tourism during monsoon, the luxury tax would be reduced to 50% on existing rates provided hoteliers are prompt in filing their returns and paying tax on time.To mop up revenue, the government proposes to raise the entry tax on coal and coke to 2%. Parrikar also proposed to increase the existing limit of annual gross turnover of small scale industrial units for exemption on entry of raw material to local areas, from `20 crore to ` 30 crore.From VAT, entertainment tax, luxury tax and entry tax, the government intends to raise around ` 470 crore, Parrikar said in his budget speech.The special permit passenger tax which is applicable on tourist vehicles coming from outside, will be increased to ` 300 per passenger per month.He also stated that entry toll on all vehicles registered outside the state that enter Goa using the infrastructure, would be revived.The government intends to increase infrastructure tax on residential, commercial and industrial buildings at the rate of ` 150, ` 350 and ` 150 per sq mt of floor area respectively.Tax on gensets has been revised to 5% from 12.5% and entry tax on naphtha will also be increased.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12421310", "title": "Norway custody row helps MEA make pro-people policies", "text": "NEW DELHI: While the case of the NRI couple seeking custody of their children from Norwegian authorities may have been marred by marital discord, it is contributing in making India's foreign policy more \"people-centric\". Confirming that India has issued fresh instructions to its mission in Norway to provide all possible help to the Bhattacharyas, who seem to have again patched up, MEA sources said that foreign minister S M Krishna will crisscross continents in the next few months to impress upon Indian envoys the need to be \"receptive\" to Indian nationals and also appoint welfare officers to handle complaints from those who have suffered at the hands of local authorities.Sources said that the minister will hold a meeting with Indian envoys in West Asia in Abu Dhabi on April 14 and then with those based in Europe in Madrid on April 21, where he will discuss with them the fallout of the Norway case. \"The minister will make the point about how Indians missions have to be more pro-Indians in the light of what happened in Norway. He will also ensure that welfare officers are appointed to handle complaints directly from Indians,\" said a source.In June, Krishna will attend another conference of Indian envoys in Argentina, where he will discuss the same issues. Sources confirmed that Krishna had sent a \"formal note\" earlier this month in which he insisted that welfare officers are appointed by all missions.The source added that there was no question of backing off from the Norway case despite the criticism in media that MEA had overplayed its hand. It was reported last week that the husband Anurup Bhattacharya was seeking divorce from his wife Sagarika whom he described as mentally unstable.\"The matter will come up for hearing in court only in August, but the Indian Embassy has been asked to provide whatever help the couple seeks for them,\" he said, adding that the decision to postpone the visit of a diplomat to Norway last week resulted from the \"confusion\" over reports about marital discord.The couple is said to have signed an agreement again last Friday to allow Anurup's brother Arunabhash to get the custody of the children - Abhigyan (3) and Aishwarya (1).\"The agreement will be presented before the Norwegian Child Welfare Services who will then approach court which will take a decision based on the validity of this document. The Indian government will continue to help them in this exercise,\" he added.Officials said that Krishna's initiative was a definite attempt to make MEA's role more public oriented. \"The case in Norway has come as a catalyst in that sense. The foreign ministry is preparing to help any Indian family facing any problem abroad,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12423019", "title": "Dip in tax collection worries I-T department", "text": "MANGALORE: Sluggishness in income tax collection - personal and corporate - under Mangalore commissionerate of income tax department for two successive fiscal years has the department bosses worried.In 2010-11 the department had collected Rs 2,190 crore. Of which it refunded Rs 945 crore leaving it with a net collection of Rs 1,245 crore.For this fiscal, the department has so far refunded Rs 1,138 crore, while its estimated gross collection is Rs 1,200 crore.While the gross income tax collection was up by 20%, Dilip Kumar , chief commissioner of Income Tax (CCIT), Panaji told reporters on the sidelines of the inauguration of the department's Aaykar Seva Kendra here on Monday that refunds too had gone up by 30%. \"While the overall growth in revenue collection was 10%, it was 15% in Bangalore region,\" he said, adding that the growth in Mangalore is -10%.\"The department needs to rethink its strategies for the place. We will seriously pursue high value transactions that individuals in the region undertake,\" Dilip said.He added that the general sense of business flourishing in the region was not reflected in the revenue accruals. Sending out a stern warning to tax evaders, Dilip said, \"We honour honest tax payers, and have ways and means to crack down on those who evade tax. Instruments of survey search and notice will be unleashed on such persons,\" he said.Ban on iron ore mining in Goa too had hit the revenue collections, he said pointing at the example of Sesa Goa, a public limited company. \"While Sesa Goa paid Rs 900 crore by way of corporate I-T in 2010-11, it dipped to Rs 600 crore in 2011-12. Mining companies that had business interests in Karnataka had taken a hit in their bottom lines and the same was reflected in lesser income tax paid by them for the respective assessment years,\" he saidLauding the beedi and jewellery industry of the region for their promptness in paying income tax, Dilip said the realtors were hiding behind various technicalities and not contributing to the economy.\"The direct taxes code that the finance minister has assured to implement will soon remove an anomaly under which educational institutions are taking shelter and even their surplus could be taxed at 15% if the proposal mooted in DTC is accepted,\" he pointed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12422825", "title": "Civil police to assist traffic cops in traffic management", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a bid to do away with consistent traffic snarls plaguing the city for a long time, Lucknow police have decided to rope in constables from Bara Birwa to Mahanagar crossings from Tuesday onwards. These constables who have been attached to the police stations falling on the stretch will work in tandem with traffic cops. The role of these cops would be to ensure that vehicles are not parked wrongly and no auto-rickshaw or bus stops within 25 metres of the crossings. It is being felt for a long time that the main reason for traffic congestion is auto-rickshaws and buses stopping immediately after the crossings. To do away with the same, DIG Ashutosh Pandey met the Tempo-Taxi Union office bearers and roadways employees and told them to apprise the drivers of auto-rickshaws and buses to not stop within 25 metres of crossings, come what may.To ensure that the traffic remains congestion-free on the stretch, cops from civil and traffic department would be on duty especially during office hours and till 10 pm in the night. The effort is to ensure that passengers are able to catch Lucknow Mail running between Lucknow and New Delhi in time and they don't get stuck in traffic jams, said Pandey. The DIG also said that efforts would be made to ensure that the stretch between Hazratganj and Halwasiya Court remains congestion free. For this, a sub-inspector and two constables will be deployed. Similarly, a sub-inspector and two constables each will be deployed on the stretch between DRM trisection and Shahnazaf trisection and between Jawahar Bhawan trisection and DIG Bungalow. Adding to this, additional 50 traffic constables have been given to the traffic department to ensure smooth traffic in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12421806", "title": "Cabotage waiver under consideration", "text": "KOCHI: Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee on Monday assured chief minister Oommen Chandy that the Centre would consider Kerala's request for a special financial package at the earliest.Mukherjee gave Chandy this assurance when the latter met him in New Delhi.\"The finance minister said the requests for special packages from the three `debt stressed' states - Kerala, West Bengal and Punjab - had been deferred because of the polls in Punjab. Now that a new government is in place there, the Centre would consider this soon,\" Chandy told TOI here over phone from New Delhi.He said Kerala had requested the Centre to write off its debt which stood at Rs 2,924 crore as on March 31 last. The state had also requested Rs 2,000 crore for modernization of its power sector, and Rs 900 crore for reviving the sinking KSRTC. It had sought funds for constructing four by-passes on the national highways passing through the state.\"The finance minister's response was very positive,\" Chandy said. He said Mukherjee had supported Kerala's demand for greater loan assistance through external aid. Kerala would soon submit a list of priority schemes to be included in the 'externally aided projects' category.Shipping minister's assurance: Union shipping minister G K Vasan assured Chandy that trial run of a communication system between fishing boats and nearby light houses was being conducted by the Coast Guard and the ILSS. This system, which will help track the location and safety position of fishing vessels, will be put in place on the Kerala coast soon. This comes in the backdrop of the gunning down of Indian fishermen by Italian marines in February.Chandy said all the central ministries were supportive of the stand taken by the state government in the Italian marines' case.Vasan and home minister P Chidambaram have promised to try for the early release of Indian seamen held captive by Somali pirates though the ministry of external affairs. The shipping ministry will provide relief to the families of those seamen soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "tirupati", "code": "12421921", "title": "Is Lord Balaji temple at Tirumala only for VIPs?", "text": "TIRUPATI: At Tirumala, all pilgrims are equal in the eyes of the Lord. But VIPs are always more equal in the eyes of the management of Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams (TTD). On March 18, restless devotees inside the Vaikuntam queue complex began shouting slogans. The reason: AP governor ESL Narasimhan was in the presence of the Lord at the time and ordinary mortals were forced to wait. Narasimhan has visited the temple six times (January 8, 29, February 5, 6 and March 18 and 19) in the last two-and-a-half months. Every time he is at the temple, it's an agonizing wait for the pilgrims.Though a maximum of 1,200 are supposed to be allowed in for 'VIP break' darshan (twice daily, in the morning and evening), their number goes up to 3,000-4,000 a day and the common pilgrim lines are stopped for 3-4 hours. But who is a VIP devotee? As per the norms of the TTD, these comprise a huge list which include MPs/MLAs/ ministers/chief ministers/governors/ judges of AP high court / district judges and IAS officers of the AP cadre. Those who donate more than Rs 1 crore, film personalities, industrialists, corporate honchos and sportspersons are also treated as VIPs. Since all these VIPs do not descend on the same day, the mere presence of VIPs is not a problem. \"They come with a huge entourage and stick around for long putting common pilgrims to hardships. This is the problem\" says a temple official. Former TTD chairman Adikeshavulu Naidu used to chaperone liquor baron Vijay Mallya stalling darshans for common pilgrims for two hours,\" recollects former DG of police T Suryanarayana Rao.Also Read: 21-hour wait for fleeting darshan of the LordAdding to the trouble are recommendation letters issued by VIPs. A pilgrim carrying a VIP letter is also treated as a VIP with no proper scrutiny. \"Present chairman Kanumuri Bapiraju revels in prostrating before VIPs. He issues VIP passes randomly often on the basis of a VIP letter,\" charges Kamalananda Bharati Swamy of Hindu Devalaya Parirakshana Samithi. There are also allegations that some of these VIP passes are blackmarketed.A separate cell has been set up to peruse recommendation letters of board members for darshans/Arjitha sevas/accommodations provided under the discretionary quota. \"This is subject to the availability of rooms and influx of pilgrims. But this rule is always flouted to pander to VIPs,\" a temple official says. As if this wasn't enough, Bapiraju has now proposed an exclusive counter to facilitate VIP break darshan for all the public representatives and their families and friends.Demands to prune the entire VIP list to 1,500 and do away with the discretionary VIP quota have become strident of late. \"Why cannot TTD issue a daily statement on how many VIP passes have been issued by its officials,\" Samanchi Srinivas, BJP leader, asks. Though TTD argues that several development works taken up at the temple are directly or indirectly linked to the largesse of these big shots, an IAS officer who was executive officer of TTD says this problem can be overcome only when the VIP list is revised. TTD chairman Bapiraju was not available for his comments.(This is the second in a series of reports on the affairs of Lord Balaji's temple in Tirumala)TTD Board bends backwards for MLAsUnfazed by widespread criticism over special darshan for VIPs at the expense of common pilgrims, the TTD, kowtowing to netas wishes, is all set to set up a special cell in the assembly for MLAs and MLCs to issue special passes. Speaker Nadendla Manohar held a meeting with TTD executive officer L V Subramanyam and endowments minister C Ramchadraiah in Hyderabad on Monday and asked them to set up a special TTD cell. Irked by the inconvenience caused by the rush of VIPs on Vaikunta Ekadasi on January 5, over a dozen legislators lodged complaints with the speaker and the council chairman about what they called \"mismanagement\" of the situation by TTD. Following this, TTD decided to set up a separate cell.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12422027", "title": "No Cong man for Madhu Vihar seat", "text": "NEW DELHI: The scramble to file nominations at the last minute has left the Congress without a candidate from the Madhu Vihar ward of the Palam assembly constituency. The party's choice, Mukund Kumar Bhatt, fell ill which forced the party leadership to find a replacement for him on Monday morning. But the chosen candidate Anand Upadhyay was unable to file his nominations in time leaving the party with no candidate for the Madhu Vihar seat.With both the Congress and BJP keeping their decision on candidates pending till the last day for filing nominations, most candidates barely made the cut after getting their symbol letters from their respective party offices.While Upadhyay has filed a formal complaint with the Delhi Election Commission -- which has given assurances that an inquiry will be conducted into the reasons for the delay -- the Congress is now exploring the option of supporting an Independent candidate who may later be welcomed into the Congress fold.A similar case was reported from the BJP. Usha Rani, the candidate from Bakhtawarpur, was unable to complete the nomination process. Her case is also going to be referred to the Delhi Election Commission for inquiry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12421440", "title": "Fire sparks panic at city\u2019s IT hub", "text": "KOLKATA: Prompt response by firefighters helped avert a fire disaster at a multistoried building in Salt Lake's Sector V on Monday.At 3.30pm, smoke was seen billowing out from a storeroom located on the seventh floor of an IT building. The fire department was immediately informed and three fire tenders rushed to the spot in no time. The situation was brought under control in about an hour.Though nobody was hurt in the fire that broke out at Vishnu Chambers, panic ruled the area till late evening. The building houses several IT offices, including that of Cognizant Technology Solutions on the fifth floor. No sooner the fire alarm was sounded, panic ruled in the premises. All the employees were evacuated in time.Apart from the firefighters, the police and officers of the Nabadiganta Industrial Township Authority (NDITA) also rushed to the spot. The firefighters worked in sync which prevented the fire from spreading. The fire might have been caused by a burning cigarette or bidi butt, suspect firemen. Samples will be collected from the spot to trace as to how the fire broke out.Earlier, the NDITA had formed a committee under retired IG R K Johri to inspect all the highrise buildings and complexes in Sector V and to look into its fire safety arrangements. The committee had found various buildings lacking in the fire safety measures. The authorities had also conducted mock fire drills in some of the offices in Sector V to train the employees what exactly to do in case a fire hazard takes place.Taking a cue from Monday's fire, the authorities will meet on Wednesday and discuss about the present status of things.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12425234", "title": "Wishes galore for Charan", "text": "It's Ram Charan Tej's birthday today .Yes, the \"Magadheera\" man, who is all set to make his big debut in Bollywood with a role that made Amitabh Bachchan the angry young man of the industry, has quite a few friends in Bollywood. It's no surprise then that wishes have been pouring in for the birthday boy.Now, Cheery (as he is fondly called) may be reprising the role of the angry young man, but he is sure one cool customer, and B-Town hottie Bipasha Basu reiteriated the fact. Wishing Charan on her micro blogging page, Bips wrote, \"Happy Birthday Mr Cool! Love To you and Upasana! See ya guys soon!\"Sending Cheery his wishes immediately after Bips was her \"good friend\" Rana Daggubati. \"Wishing my friend Charan a superb birthday and a lovely year ahead,\" he said. Shruti Haasan was next - \"Happy birthday to Charan, have a great day and a great year ahead!\" the actress posted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon/mewat", "code": "12422683", "title": "Villagers up ante, threaten to resume stir over land relief", "text": "GURGAON/MEWAT: Residents of Rojka Meo in Mewat district have threatened to resume their agitation if the government did not address the issue of compensation for the acquisition of their land.When hundreds from and around Rojka Meo had blocked the national highway a fortnight ago demanding a hike in the compensation for their acquired land, the local MLA and the district administration promised a solution by March 25. However, the deadline has passed and there has been no response from the district administration or the state government till now.The farmers have been protesting for close to 10 months now along the highway connecting Gurgaon and Alwar, asking for a hike in the compensation amount. Now, the agitators have once again threatened to block the highway if their demands are not met.According to sources in the government, the state is reluctant to grant the hike demanded by the farmers. When contacted, MLA Aftab Ahmed said he was aware that the promised deadline has already passed. \"We have been pursuing the case with the state government and should be able to work out an amicable solution,\" said Ahmed who was present at the March 12 protest near the upcoming KMP expressway and state highway junction.Other than increase in compensation, the villagers have demanded that each family be provided a 500-yard developed patch from his acquired land, a government job to one of the family members and preference in jobs in IMT units. The farmers have also asked for making provisions for essential community amenities including a cemetery, school, anganwadis, chaupals, land-grazing animals, medical facility and land for sport activities.According to one Ramzaan Chaudhary, when the state government had issued the notification to acquire over 1,600 hectares of land at the rate of Rs 16 lakh per acre (finally acquired in September-October 2010), the villagers had opposed the move because land was their only source of livelihood. The farmers also filed cases in the court of Land Acquisition Collector-cum-DRO Mewat at Nuh, however, the government did not pay any heed. The rate fixed by the government was much lower compared to the adjoining areas of Sohna block where the compensation amount was to the tune of Rs 55 lakh per acre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "karwar", "code": "12422977", "title": "No pay for Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme work", "text": "KARWAR: Four labourers from Pala village in Mundgod taluk in Uttara Kannada district on Monday began an indefinite dharna in front of the zilla panchayat office demanding wages for the work they undertook under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MGNREGS).Though they have worked under MGNREGS during 2009-10, they were allegedly not paid because panchayat officials did not enter their names in the format prescribed by the government.According to the workers, who are protesting under the banner of the Karnataka Prant Krishi Cooliekarara Sangha (KPKCS), about 2,500 labourers in Mundgod taluk were not paid.Denying the charges, R J Joshi, chief executive officer of Uttara Kannada zilla panchayat, said the ZP has no intention to create problems to the beneficiaries of MGNREGS.According to him, the protesters are landlords and they do not have proper documents to prove that they have worked under the scheme.Joshi said a committee appointed by the government had visited Pala village to inspect the work and recommended to pay salary to the workers in three out of five cases.State office-bearer of KPKCS was one of the members of that committee and contrary to Sangha's claim, there are only five cases involving 80 labourers in dispute, he said and added that panchayat secretary of Pala village was suspended for not following the government guidelines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12421419", "title": "Missing captain was killed by help 5 years ago", "text": "NEW DELHI: Five years after a retired army captain was last seen at his south Delhi flat, police claim he was killed by a trusted help for his property. The domestic has reportedly confessed to the crime.Captain Anurag Raj, aged around 55, had taken voluntary retirement from the army and lived in a flat in the Satya Niketan area with his caretaker Bhulia Ram (38). The pensioner reportedly did not maintain contact with his family but neighbours often saw him driving around in a Tata Safari. In 2007, Raj suddenly went off the radar and Ram returned to his village in Bareilly, Uttar Pradesh.Raj's absence went unnoticed for a long time. Given his aloof nature, his family did not find any cause for alarm in his long silence. But in 2010, his sister Pratika Raj Malhotra visited his flat and learnt from neighbours that it had been locked up for three years. Malhotra, a resident of Palam Vihar in Gurgaon, became alarmed and reported her brother's absence at the erstwhile Dhaula Kuan police station. A missing person report was registered and the search for Raj started.When police opened Raj's flat, they found nothing but dust all over and papers lying around. A police team questioned Bhulia Ram in his village but he claimed Raj had left for Mumbai in 2007 telling him he wouldn't return for a long time. \"He had concocted this story,\" said a source, but the local police believed Ram and gave him a clean chit.Not satisfied with the probe, Malhotra moved the Delhi high court last year, stating that the police were not doing enough to find her brother. Acting on the court's directions, the police registered a case under Section 365 of IPC (abduction) at the South Campus police station (the erstwhile Dhaula Kuan police station), and the probe was handed over to a specialised unit.Bhulia Ram was again called for interrogation and he was even put through a lie detector test at the Central Forensic Science Laboratory here, but the probe made no progress.However, last week Ram confessed to killing Raj. \"He said he had smothered the sleeping captain using a pillow in March 2007. He disposed of the body in Barabanki (UP).\" Police said Ram threw the body in a river.\"He claims that he wanted to grab the flat and money of Anurag Raj. According to him, Raj had made him a nominee in his will but tore up the document after the two had an argument one day. So, Ram decided to teach him a lesson,\" said the source. \"We have also come to know that Raj wrote a letter in 2007 stating he feared Ram would kill him. We are trying to trace it.\"Police have found Raj's Tata Safari from Ram's village. Officials said Ram is listed among the bad characters of Bareilly and had a case of murder, and others under the goonda Act, registered against him there.He was produced at the Dwarka court on Monday and taken in eight days' police custody. Police will now look for Raj's body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12422127", "title": "Roads and agriculture get a fillip in civic budget", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The district panchayat budget for the year 2012-13, passed on Monday, gives emphasis for infrastructure development and agriculture, with more than half of the total amount set aside for the two sectors.District panchayat vice president R Sasi said Rs 4 crore had been earmarked for the Kole land project, which commenced during the period of the previous district panchayat for making the fields cultivable.The budget has also allocated Rs 50 lakh for the promotion of plantain cultivation and Rs 25 lakh for setting up coconut processing unit.Dairy village project, aimed at generating employment opportunities and ensure revenue to the farmers, especially for women, will be in the selected villages at a cost of Rs 1.5 crore.\"District panchayat has its limitations as it its sole revenue source is the funds allocated by the state government,\" said Sasi.The budget earmarked Rs 36 crore for the development of infrastructure, Rs 1 crore for providing restroom and toilets for girls in schools and Rs 80 lakh for buying furniture for schools.The regional poultry farm at Chathamangalam received Rs 75 lakh for developing the facilities.However, several members expressed their concern that the amount allocated for the industrial estates and for starting new industrial projects, was insufficient.V D Joseph, UDF member, said, \"The budget lacked vision and does not have any specific plans for agricultural sector.Waste treatment is one of the major problems faced by the state but the budget has not set aside any amount for the projects such as mass action for plastic free Kozhikode\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12422638", "title": "Sanjna\u2019s Junoon takes kids\u2019 workshops to new places", "text": "MUMBAI: Former Prithvi Theatre veteran Sanjna Kapoor has reinvented her popular summer workshops for children under her new banner, Junoon. The new programme called 'Arts at Play' will reach out to local communities in Khar, Kandivli, King's Circle and Girgaum Chowpatty apart from hosting events at Prithvi.A comprehensive list of 45 workshops and 18 plays has been devised for this, Junoon's maiden venture. The programmes wil begin mid-April and will continue through June. Groups led by Nadira Zaheer Babbar, Naseeruddin Shah and Makarand Deshpande as well as Indian People's Theatre Association (IPTA) will perform in the company of new writers and directors.Over 22 years, the craze for Sanjna's summer workshops has had parents arrive to form queues the night before in order to buy tickets that are sold on a first-come-first-served basis . This year, Junoon will allow them to register online and reserve time slots for booking at their venue of choice.Sanjna said, \"Theatre is something we are very serious about but we also ensure that children enjoy in a creative, non-competitive environment.\"Alongside the festival, Junoon is organizing community meetings with citizens' associations , schools and parents near each venue to draft their participation . \"We hope to continue this connection through the year and later also consolidate in areas like Powai, Thane and Vikhroli,\" Sanjna said.It may be recalled that last November, she and her associate Sameera Iyengar had relinquished their longtime management of Prithvi Theatre in favour of her brother Kunal Kapoor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12421472", "title": "CM to meet President, PM on Rajoana clemency", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab CM Parkash Badal on Monday announced in the Vidhan Sabha that he would be meeting both the President and PM to seek clemency for Balwant Singh Rajoana, a convict in the 11-year-old Beant Singh assassination case, whose hanging has been ordered on March 31.His statement came barely 12 hours after Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee (SGPC) filed a written petition to state governor Shivraj Patil on Sunday evening.A few hours after the CM's statement, deputy chief minister Sukhbir Badal, while speaking to the media outside the assembly, confirmed that he too would meet the President soon and that Rajoana will not be hanged on March 31.\"Hanging is not going to take place. The order for execution of Rajoana cannot be carried out since SGPC has filed a petition before the President seeking clemency for him. The appeal of another convict Lakhwinder Singh is also pending in the Supreme Court,\" Badal Junior told reporters.However, sources in the government told TOI that there will be no separate written mercy petition filed by the government.Rajoana, who is lodged in Central Jail at Patiala in Punjab, himself has not filed any mercy or review petition following the recent order of the additional sessions judge of Chandigarh, Shalini Singh Nagpal, who fixed the date of Rajoana's hanging.Earlier, in his 1,000-word statement that lasted nearly 20-minutes, the CM categorically endorsed the arguments and legal compulsions put forth by the Patiala jail superintendent.\"This issue pertains to Right to Life. Jail superintendent is duty bound to satisfy him that no appeal for relief by any co-accused in such case was under consideration before any court,\" Badal Senior said.On Saturday, the superintendent of Patiala Jail, where Rajoana is to be hanged on March 31, had sparked a controversy by returning the death warrant to the Chandigarh additional sessions judge, saying Punjab has no territorial jurisdiction in the matter.Meanwhile, several parts of Punjab witnessed another round of protests on Monday by those who want that Rajoana should not be hanged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12422691", "title": "Stop community centre misuse: Sushant Lok RWA", "text": "GURGAON: Alleging misuse and commercial exploitation of the local community centre by the private builder, APIL, residents of Sushant Lok Block A met the Gurgaon deputy commissioner and presented a memorandum after a sit-in protest held on Sunday.Residents demanded that the community centre be handed over to the Sushant Lok RWA. They also want APIL to carry out the necessary repair and renovation work of the building which is in a shambles. To see that the premises are not utilized by outsiders, a group of residents have been camping at the gate of the centre.In the memorandum, RWA members alleged that APIL and its contractors were, for all these years, misusing and commercially exploiting it for their personal gains without spending any money on its upkeep. Mostly, they book it for outsiders and not residents of Sushant Lok-I) in contravention of the order of SPIO-cum-DTP Gurgaon, it stated further.They further added that APIL claimed the community centre has been given on lease and that the matter was under arbitration.Now it claims that it is under litigation, said residents. \"In our meeting with the STP Gurgaon on September 9, 2011 where the APIL representatives were also present, we asked for copies of the lease agreement or arbitration or court case but were told that it was confidential,\" said the RWA president, Shyam Soni.The residents requested the DC to visit the centre and conduct a meeting with the builder to resolve the issue at the earliest.However, an APIL official refuted the charges and said that the builder had no problem handing over the centre to the RWA soon after the arbitration case with the contractor ends. V K Saigal, a consultant with APIL, said one contractor was hired to run the eating joint for residents for a stipulated time, but the contractor did not vacate the premises after the contract got over.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12423118", "title": "Veer Narmad South Gujarat University\u2019s admission process to go hi-tech", "text": "SURAT: Veer Narmad South Gujarat University (VNSGU) plans to make its admission system online in Bachelor of Commerce and other courses, too, from the next academic year. Students need not come to the university headquarters in Surat as they can apply for admission from their residence across south Gujarat.The new admission system will help thousands of students, particularly those who belong to remote tribal areas like Dang or Vyara. Students will be provided computer and internet by the local colleges to file their admission forms online. The students will have to give their preference of a college with other details on the university website. A student will get update about his admission on his/her mobile phone through an SMS. Earlier, the students had to go to their college or university to pay fees after admission. They will now be able to pay fees directly in a bank. Admission process is considered a challenging task in any institution. \"We will be able to reduce the expenses incurred in managing a centralized admission process. Online admission will also improve transparency in the process,\" vice-chancellor, VNSGU, Dakshesh Thakar said.The university has developed its software on the lines used by Gujarat Technological University (GTU) for its admissions. \"The computerized programme will give admissions to the students directly without any human interference. The programme will give admissions as per the preference given by students and on merit,\" head of computer science department Apurva Desai said. \"For BEd, the online admission process has already been introduced. So far we have not faced any problem,\" Thakar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12422449", "title": "Four days before exams, many students fail to get hall ticket", "text": "MUMBAI: The University of Mumbai's website had announced that hall tickets for first-year BCom students of distance education programnme would be available from March 26. But when more than 4,000 candidates-many of them travelling all the way from places like Vasai, Kalyan, Thane and Navi Mumbai-came to the varsity's Institute of Distance and Open Learning in Kalina to collect their tickets on Monday, several of them were turned away.Though repeaters' hall tickets were finally distributed in the afternoon, all the fresh candidates had to return empty-handed. The university, however, claimed that all the hall tickets would be available online by Monday night.Around 8,600 fresh candidates and 3,700 repeaters from IDOL will appear for their first year BCom exams that will start from March 30.Till Sunday evening, the university had not been unable to find centres for more than 600 IDOL students in Andheri, Ghatkopar and Chembur, and it feared that the issuing of tickets for the exams might be delayed. Finally on Monday, 55 colleges as well as the IDOL's building were assigned as centres for the examinations.Duryodhan Dange, appearing for his ATKT (allowed to keep term) paper, said, \"I reached the Kalina campus around 9am and had to wait till 3pm to get my hall ticket. There was an error, which was rectified later. In the morning, nobody was helping us. One of the officials even said there were three more days to go for the exams and so, we need not worry.\"Dilip Karande, who is on the advisory board of IDOL, blamed the confusion on a government firm to which the procedure was outsourced. \"This year, the admission procedure and processing of hall tickets were outsourced to Maharashtra Knowledge Corporation Limited which was paid Rs 125 per student. But the process has, in fact, put students in a lot of inconvenience,\" he said.One of the candidates, Aneesha Jauhari, got her ticket with the centre number, but is not sure which college has been assigned as the centre. \"We will have to go to the university again to check the venue,\" said Aneesha, who had to leave before the list was put up. Later in the day, a list of exam centres for repeaters were put up.Asking fresh candidates to check their hall tickets online on Monday night or Tuesday morning, IDOL director D Harichandan said, \"The online hall tickets have my signature, students' photos, centre numbers and venues. They need not authenticate it anywhere. They just need to download it and use the printout as hall tickets. There will be no need to come to the campus again. If there are errors, they can approach the exam section of the university.\" Not many are, however, convinced. One of them said, \"What if the university's website crashes and we are forced to visit the campus again? And, if there are errors, we will have to come to the exam house nce more.\" But Harichandan assured all that the website was equipped to handle heavy traffic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "8875599", "title": "Get fit the fun way!", "text": "Could a computer game that claims to make exercise fun be the panacea for the age of sloth? Fitness is more than simply about burning calories, clocking miles and pumping iron.Unless we get the right balance in diet, i.e. proteins, sugars, fats and vitamins, we will not get the 'feel good' factor right. Today, innovative gadgets and gizmos have given a new dimension to our life, tempting us to become virtual gamers.In India, open playgrounds, sports clubs, etc, are very few and far between, and hence access to such facilities is often restricted or limited.Arthroscopy surgeon Dr Sachin Tapasvi says, \"In video games, the only advantage is that they make up for these drawbacks and give you the feel and exposure of playing games right in your living room. Also, those who are already playing a particular sport and pursuing it seriously can get virtual practice at home with the help of such gadgets.\"At the same time, Dr Tapasvi is cautious. \"But the basic principles of exercising and playing, ie, coordinated exercise and movements of all the muscle groups and high level of oxygen exchange, are defeated completely! So in our age of sloth, computers may sound very exciting but have no benefits as far as exercise and fitness is concerned.\"Orthopedic surgeon Dr Milind Patil concurs. \"The benefits of exercise are not obtained by playing computer games. Your bones and muscles get strong by playing actual sport and this results in ovrall physical, mental and social development.\"However, arthroscopy and joint replacement surgeon Dr Sachin Bhonsle, who loves sports and video games, differs. He says, \"Individuals can be at their consoles for hours at a stretch. Like any sport, these games played a large role in improving 'hand eye coordination' and manual dexterity.\"Internet has given a new dimension to online gaming, where you can play a game with a partner across the globe. \"There are many game consoles with add-ons which allow real sports and exercises. The console can be connectted to your body to track movements and your vital statistics, using a wireless board and wireless controls. Cameras on board the console even take your pictures during action! Virtual gaming is more exciting than ever before,\" adds Dr Bhonsle.Several companies have come up with game consoles and attachments which allow real sports and exercises. The console connects to your body movements and your vital statistics using a wireless board and some wireless controls. One particular gaming console allows you to do rigorous exercise routines with add-ons. Some others, have dedicated balance boards and wireless remote devices, which allow you to record all your biometrics and program your fitness regime. It takes you in a nice and simple way through difficult aerobic routines and other physical exercises. You can also play physically demanding sports like boxing and tennis on some of these consoles,\" says Dr Bhonsle.Virtual games, also give you the luxury of playing games which you have never played or trained before.Dr Bhonsle, belongs to a generation, which had the privilege of enjoying games ranging from gilli danda and gully cricket to proper lawn tennand now the latest cutting-edge computer games He is completely taken in by the idea and says, \"I enjoy surfing at high speeds on a river, and with gaming consoles I can do it without getting a drop of water on my body. All I have to do is focus on the screen and see the direction I am heading in on the surfboard. I swing and swerve my body and retain my balance to stay on course by jumping or ducking depending upon the obstacles. At the end of the game I drip wet with sweat. It is a complete workout for the body which burns calories and helps you get fitter. You can do so many activities all by yourself without moving out of your house.\"Actor and fitness freak Reema Sarin agrees. \"If you are fitness crazy gizmo freak, then the latest exercising with video game systems is for you! Exercising with a video game is not only fun, but it also burns calories. Exer-gaming is the official industry term for this, and includes a variety of games and activities that build strength and cardiovascular ability.\"No doubt, computer games have its advantages and disadvantages, but one thing cannot be denied. It is convenient and fun activity, which can be done everyday with family and friends. That too in the privacy of your home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12424254", "title": "2G scam: Telenor seeks $14bn in damages from govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: Norwegian telecom operator Telenor, which faces the prospects of its Indian joint venture losing 22 2G mobile licences due to the Supreme Court order, on Monday served a notice on the government, threatening international arbitration and claiming damages of nearly $14 billion (around Rs 70,000 crore).Telenor invoked the provisions of India's Comprehensive Economic Cooperation Agreement (CECA) with Singapore to slap a notice seeking a solution from the government within six months or drag the matter for an international arbitration for failure to protect its investment.\"The cancellation of licences, and the resultant loss of investments made by Telenor Asia Pte Ltd constitute a breach of India's obligation under the CCEA. It is also possible that there could be a further breach of CCEA from the manner in which these licences are now redistributed through auctions,\" Telenor said in its notice, which was sent to the Prime Minister's Office, the telecom department and the corporate affairs ministry.Telenor, which holds a 67% stake in Unitech Wireless, is engaged in a separate legal battle with its Indian partner Unitech, and has made public its decision to begin its hunt for another local ally. The Norwegian firm entered the Indian market through its Singapore arm.In its notice, the telecom firm said that it invested in India based on licences issued by the government \"in accordance with their own policy and process\" and cited approvals from the Foreign Investment Promotion Board and the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA) to argue that it had complied with the laid down procedure. \"Despite having no role to play either in the policy or in the process through with these licences were awarded, Telenor stands to lose its entire investment made in India,\" it said.For the government this is the second such notice after Sistema invoked the provisions of the India-Russia Investment Agreement a few weeks ago. Telenor's notice coincides with Russian president Dmitri Medvadev's India visit this week where he is expected to broach the Sistema notice with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh .\"We can confirm that we informed the government of India of our intent to invoke the provisions of the CECA between India and Singapore. We are hopeful that it remains the government's intent to protect and encourage bona fide foreign investment in the country. We are convinced that we can resolve this matter through continuing dialogue with the government such that Telenor Group remains a serious and long term participant in the Indian market that brings the benefit of competition to the Indian consumers,\" a Telenor Group spokesperson said in response to a questionnaire from TOI.Citing clauses of the CCEA, the notice said that the compensation has to be equivalent to the market value of the expropriated investment at the time of the decision, which in case of Unitech Wireless is February 2, the day when the Supreme Court cancelled 122 licences issued during ex-telecom minister A Raja's term. Till then Telenor claims to have invested close to $14 billion in its Indian operations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12422385", "title": "No new levies for liquor, hotels", "text": "The Maharashtra budget presented on Monday brought mixed news for the hotel and liquor sectors. Both liquor and hotels were spared additional taxes, but their hopes for a reduction in existing levies were dashed. In his budget speech, state finance minister Ajit Pawar proposed a levy of 5% on liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) for domestic use, though there was no mention of LPG for commercial use, or taxes on liquor. Semi-processed and ready-to-eat food will be cheaper.The hotel industry, which generates crores of rupees by way of VAT, licence fees and service charges for the government, said the budget was a 'big disappointment' . \"After the service tax increase in the 2011 Union Budget, we were fighting for a rollback on the unjustified hike in VAT. But nothing happened. We hoped for some sort of relief or exemption in this budget, but this budget is neither good nor bad for us,\" said Soni Sachdev, advisor to the Association of Hotels and Restaurants (Ahar). Ahar, along with its affiliates across the state, has been threatening a strike to protest the high liquor taxes.The liquor and hotel industry currently pay a 5% VAT and 12% service tax (increased from the earlier 10%), and other form of state excise duties, including licence fee. The VAT and state excise levies were partially rolled back in the last few years, but the industry says it is not enough. \"More needs to be done so that restaurants do not shut down. Over 500 restaurants shut down in the past few years because of dwindling profits,\" said Soni.In his budget speech, Pawar said LPG for domestic use was exempted from taxes in 2008. The concession was continued last year though it is taxable in many states. The state is already taxing kerosene being used for domestic purposes. \"Therefore, I propose a levy of 5% on the sale of LPG for domestic use,\" said Pawar. But Ahar members said that will not hurt consumers. \"The price of commercial LPG is not affected,\" said Soni.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12421236", "title": "Stir upped Tamil Nadu N-plant cost by Rs 900 crore: Kadakin", "text": "NEW DELHI: The prolonged protests against the Kudankulam nuclear plant added $ 180 million (around Rs 900 crore) to the cost of the power project, with India losing around $1 million a day, Russian ambassador Alexander M Kadakin has said.Speaking to TOI on Monday ahead of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's meeting with President Dmitry Medvedev this week on the sidelines of the BRICS summit, Kadakin said the decision of the Tamil Nadu government to allow work to proceed on two third-generation pressurized water reactors as correct and \"long overdue\".Russian scientists have restarted work on the reactors that were 98% complete before protests erupted at Kudankulam in the wake of the Fukushima disaster. \"From October to March, India was losing $1 million daily because of the protests,\" said Kadakin, adding that Russian scientists were about to leave India when the final clearance came from the Tamil Nadu government.Kadakin suggested that commissioning work may still take some time because of the six-month delay. \"There is no time frame because the scientists now have to make some adjustments and do additional work to get the plant running,\" he said, adding that Moscow was expecting another site to be allotted to Russia for building nuclear reactors. Haripur in West Bengal has been marred by protests, and Kadakin said the coastal town had never been allotted to the Russian officially or \"on paper\".While Kadakin said that the agreement for Kudankulam 3 and 4 is \"almost ready\", he suggested at the same time that India's nuclear liability law in its present form is not acceptable to the Russians. The third and fourth units, unlike the first and second, will come under the nuclear liability law that Kadakin described as a \"recent invention\".\"Only some minor issues remain. Russia and India entered into nuclear cooperation on the basis of agreements signed in 1988 and 2008. We have tried to accommodate India's interests with same terms of credit and we expect that the same conditions will be applicable,\" he said, adding that talks are still on over it. This is being seen as a move by Russia to increase the price of reactors in case there is a change in India's position in terms of making suppliers, rather than operators alone, accountable in cases of nuclear accidents as the new law envisages.Kadakin also said that PM Singh's statement about foreign NGOs participating in Kudankulam protests had vindicated his stand.\"I was the first to ring the bell and feel vindicated by the high office of the prime minister. I don't want to name any country but we had hints very early on about the involvement of foreign hand,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "12421084", "title": "60% mining money to restore mining belt", "text": "PORVORIM: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar has proposed to allocate 60% of revenue generated from mining royalty for the construction of a dedicated mining corridor and for development in mining belts, in a gesture of giving back to local residents in the regions by reviving agriculture and improving the environment.\"Incessant operations of illegal mining in the state have a tremendous negative impact on the environment and health of the people living in the mining belt and cause a valuable revenue loss to the exchequer, as the operators do not pay the due royalty on ore exploration,\" Parrikar said.Other than the construction of a mining corridor to ensure safer transportation of iron ore, avoiding accidents involving mining trucks, the mining royalty will also be utilized \"for the development and creation of appropriate infrastructure to act as a catalyst for growth and development of the mining area, and revitalize the adversely affected agriculture land and environment\". The proposed mining corridor at Sanguem, Quepem and Curchorem will be fast-tracked to be completed within 30 months.\"All mining licenses/leases issued during the last 10 years will be reviewed. A compliance audit will be carried out, and if found necessary, will be referred to the comptroller and auditor general of India for a review audit. GIS-based monitoring and surveillance system will be used to map the mining exploration and transportation of the iron-ore export,\" Parrikar said.Parameters for environmental compliance and monitoring stations on transportation routes will be set up at source to check for pollution-related compliances, he said. The principle of \"polluter must pay\" would be employed to recover these costs for monitoring compliances.A comprehensive mining policy will be framed by the state by May-end to control the total extraction from the lease areas as also quantum of dump handling.\"I wish to categorically assure the House, that my government would under no condition tolerate any instance of illegal mining in the state,\" Parrikar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12423017", "title": "Spring Zouk inquiry from tomorrow", "text": "MANGALORE: Regional commissioner, Mysore M V Jayanthi will conduct a hearing pertaining to Spring Zouk Island Festival 2012, held at St Mary's Island for three days in the first week of February this year, from Wednesday.There were allegations of unethical behaviour by foreigners and use of drugs at the festival. After facing severe pressure from various quarters, chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda had ordered for an inquiry by the regional commissioner.On Wednesday, Jayanthi will visit the island and later hold a meeting at the DC's office at 3 pm and on Thursday from 11 am.The regional commissioner has requested the public, who have information about the allegations, to appear before the panel and give their submissions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "12421649", "title": "Maharashtra ATS nabs city blasts accused after gunbattle", "text": "AURANGABAD: A man suspected of being an activist of the banned Student Islamic Movement of India (SIMI) was killed while two of his accomplices - one of whom is said to be involved in the July 26, 2008 serial blasts in Ahmedabad - were arrested after a gun battle with the Aurangabad anti-terrorism squad (ATS) on Monday afternoon.The slain suspect has been identified as Khalil Akhil Khilji (20), while the arrested are Abrar Babukhan alias Munna (36) and Mohammad Shaker Hussain (20), who was shot in both legs and is in hospital.All the suspects are from Madhya Pradesh. Abrar Babukhan alias Munna, a resident of Indore, is said to be involved in the 2008 Ahmedabad blasts and is wanted by the MP police for killing Khandva ATS constable Sitaram Tiwari and a lawyer who had tried to help the constable, in 2011. He also reportedly killed a two-wheeler rider whose bike he had snatched to escape the scene after killing Tiwari and the lawyer.Deputy commissioner of police, Ahmedabad crime branch, Himanshu Shukla, said: \"A team of officials from Gujarat ATS and city crime branch will leave for Aurangabad to question the two accused. Maharashtra police has informed us that one of the two arrested in Aurangabad, Abrar, is wanted for the 2008 serial blasts. Abrar was part of a terrorist training camp in Vagamon, Kerala, which was held in 2007. His name was mentioned by some of the accused whom we have arrested but he had remained untraced till date.\"Superintendent of police (ATS) Navin Reddy said the suspects had sensed that the police were on their trail. \"We asked them to surrender but they started to flee. While escaping, they started shooting indiscriminately at the ATS team,\" he said while refusing to divulge further details.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12420658", "title": "DefExpo-2012: Firms flock to Delhi to woo world's top arms importer", "text": "NEW DELHI: The message is embarrassing but clear: with India failing to get its act together to build a strong defence-industrial base (DIB) unlike China, it will continue to be the world's largest arms importer in the foreseeable future.So, gleeful global armament giants are again lining up to hard-sell their aircraft, helicopters, drones, submarines, howitzers, futuristic infantry combat vehicles, missiles, assault rifles and carbines at India's biennial arms jamboree here.There are going to be 232 foreign firms, mainly from the US, Russia , France, Israel , the UK and Germany, and 60 official delegations in town this week for the four-day \"DefExpo-2012' that begins on Thursday.Over 335 Indian exhibitors, including major ones like Tatas, Punj Lloyd , L&T; and Mahindra, will also be there to explore tie-ups and joint ventures with foreign companies as well as DRDO, defence PSUs and domestic shipyards.\"We understand fully well that indigenization cannot happen through only defence PSUs...we have taken several steps to encourage the private sector,\" said Shekhar Agarwal, secretary (defence production).The defence ministry has been pushing for JVs and technology transfers to strengthen the DIB, albeit in a haphazard manner, even as it continues to restrict FDI to only 26% in the defence production sector.Foreign vendors who bag arms deals over Rs 300 crore, of course, have to plough back at least 30% of the contract value into India as \"offsets\" in the defence industrial, civil aerospace, homeland security and training sectors.The gigantic $20 billion MMRCA (medium multi-role combat aircraft) project to acquire 126 fighters, in fact, has a 50% offset clause. Offset contracts worth over Rs 50,000 crore are set to materialize over the next two to three years, say officials.But India, with its fledgling DIB, still remains far away from reversing the current trend of being forced to import 70% of its military hardware and software. This also leaves it vulnerable to supply lines being choked in times of conflict.Just earlier this month, Swedish think-tank SIPRI dubbed India the world's largest arms importer, accounting as it did for 10% of global arms imports in the 2007-2011 timeframe to display China. With an aggressive DIB, often propelled by \"reverse engineering\", China is becoming a major arms exporter to countries like Pakistan .But if India inked arms deals worth $50 billion mainly with foreign vendors in the decade after the 1999 Kargil conflict, it will spend well over double that amount in the current decade.The Army has pointed at huge operational gaps in fields ranging from artillery, aviation, air defence and night-fighting to ATGMs (anti-tank guided missiles), PGMs (precision guided munitions) and specialized tank and rifle ammunition.After taking it up with defence minister A K Antony , the force now wants to brief the PM since it will need around Rs 41,000 crore to make up just its existing \"critical hollowness'' in ammunition and equipment, say sources.Indian arms bazaarAircraft: -- India in final commercial negotiations with French Dassault Aviation for the $20 billion MMRCA project to acquire 126 fighters.-- Over $1.5 billion contract for six new mid-air refueling aircraft in final stage between Airbus Military's A330 MRTT and Ilyushin IL-78MK tankers.-- Acquisition of 75 Swiss Pilatus PC-7 trainer aircraft for over Rs 3,000 crore awaiting final nod.-- Three major \"follow-on\" deals with US companies in pipeline: Six more C-130J \"Super Hercules\" tactical airlift planes (over $1.2 billion), four P-8I long-range maritime patrol aircraft (over $1 billion) and six C-17 Globemaster-III strategic airlift aircraft (over $2.4 billion).Helicopters: Army, Navy, IAF and Coast Guard on course to induct over 600 helicopters, ranging from heavy-lift and attack to maritime multi-role and light utility ones, the majority from foreign companies, for over Rs 20,000 crore in the coming decade.Submarines: Global tender for over Rs 50,000 crore `Project-75 India' to construct six advanced diesel-electric stealth submarines, armed with both land-attack missile capabilities and air-independent propulsion (AIP), to be issued soon.Artillery: Over Rs 20,000 crore 155mm artillery modernization programme to acquire 1,580 towed guns, 814 mounted gun systems, 180 self-propelled wheeled guns, 100 self-propelled tracked guns and 145 air-mobile ultra-light howitzers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12422159", "title": "Pune's metro, urban development plans in limbo", "text": "PUNE: The spell of disappointment that began with the Railway Budget, lingered with the Union budget, and continued with the state budget on Monday.Finance minister Ajit Pawar, who is also the guardian minister for Pune, ignored the city and the surrounding areas' needs for infrastructure projects including the metro rail. There was no word about the formation of the Pune Metropolitan Regional Development Authority, which many experts and urban planners say, is needed for planned development of the city and the region.The only mention about Pune's infrastructure project is a budgetary provision for the proposed survey for the new rail route between Pune and Nashik. Even this announcement is not a new one as the state cabinet meeting, which was held early this month, had approved a proposal that the government will share half the cost for the proposed survey. The state government will spend Rs 949.82 crore for the survey.In the run up to the municipal elections of Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad held last month, both the NCP as well as the Congress had promised in their election manifestos that the metro rail projects would be expedited. The manifestos had also promised to improve public transport system, as well as take up other civic infrastructure projects. However, there is no mention of these projects in the state budget.Chandrakant Mokate, Shiv Sena MLA from Kothrud constituency said there were hopes that budgetary provision would be made for transport improvement including the metro rail and proposed mono rail. \"Improvement of public transport should have been a focus area. The city, not only needs good public transport, but also other facilities. The city has been neglected; there is also no mention about development works or projects in the rural areas in the district. There should have been a provision for a major multi-specialty hospital for western Maharashtra,\" he said.Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar during his visit to the city last Sunday had insisted on the need for immediate approval of the metro rail project after considering expert opinion and the costs. In his address to the party's newly elected corporators, Pawar had observed that it was high time that a decision should be taken as the city is growing rapidly. A decision on implementation of monorail should also be taken through a similar process, he had said. Pawar had also said that the city is changing and growing fast.``Pune needs a planning body on the lines of the Mumbai metropolitan region development authority. Many fringe villages are slated to merge into city limits and the decision on a merger should be taken without delay,\" Pawar had said.Senior leader and Shiv Sena MLC Neelam Gorhe said, \" The state government does not have any vision about how Pune and other important cities would grow by the year 2020. Pune is facing major traffic problems. The situation in other cities of the state is the same. There is no mention about the metro rail project or other transport solutions. During elections, the NCP and Congress had made several promises. They have all been forgotten. There is no political will.\"Vinayak Nimhan, Congress MLA from Shivajinagar said the metro rail project is yet to be approved by the Centre and a budgetary provision could be made only after the final approval. There are various projects which are being undertaken under JNNURM for which budgetary provision has been made, he added.MLC Mohan Joshi said there would be no hurdles in the formation of the PMRDA. The technical planning and other details would be examined in the next three to six months for the metro rail and it is only then that provision for the project would be made, he added.While the NCP wants an underground metro system, the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation report has suggested that elevated metro would be suitable for the city, considering the massive cost required for an underground system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12422714", "title": "Korea asked to send standby captain", "text": "MUMBAI: The Yellow Gate police on Sunday sent a request letter to the Korean embassy, asking it to get in touch with company officials of the Koreanbased Marshall Island-flagged , Royal Diamond7 merchant vessel, and send a standby captain at the earliest. Last week, Korean national Munhyeon Seok (57), one of the crew members aboard the vessel, was killed while six others, including four Indians, were seriously injured in an explosion on the ship.Police said the captain, the chief officer and other crew responsible for the explosion were booked for negligence and they are being questioned in presence of technical experts to know the reason for the explosion on the same spot on March 17 and March 24.Seok died while undergoing treatment for the 80% burns he suffered in the explosion due to a gas leakage. The explosion occurred on Saturday.Two of the injured, South Korean national Kim Song Hun (29) and Filipino Alota Artar Durka (34), are undergoing treatment at JJ Hospital. The four Indians who suffered injuries are Shobhnath Jagannath Yadav (36), Rajesh Yamuna Raut (36), Sunny Bholanath Rawat (35) and Tirath Matadin Rawat (35).Assistant commissioner of police (Yellow Gate division) HG Shinde said, \"A letter has been sent to the Korean embassy . In case the captain is arrested, there will be competent person to take over the charge of the vessel.\" \"The vessel has now been moved approximately 21 km away from the channel where it was anchored on Saturday,\" he said.Police said that technical experts from the JNPT have been asked to check and solve the problem that led to the blast on the spot. \"Preliminary enquiry has been found that the captain and other senior officials did not give proper instructions about the highly inflammable substance running through the pipeline. Also, there was no supervisor to assist the workers,\" the police said.Directorate general (shipping) S Agnihotri has ordered an inquiry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12425909", "title": "Poorna admires Kalki", "text": "This New Yorker shot to fame with her sprightly debut in the sleeper hit Delhi Belly. Not only did she receive admiration for her feisty role, Poorna also managed to turn many heads with her effortless acting.But one actor whom Poorna admires is Kalki Koechlin of The Girl in the Yellow Boots fame. \"She's incredibly talented and very much her own person. There's a great need to conform in this industry but she's held her own throughout her career,\" says Poorna.Poorna is now busy with two of her Hollywood projects, Peace, Love and Misunderstanding and Thanks for Sharing. So whom does she find the most inspirational actor in Hollywood? \" Jane Fonda . At four in the morning, she was still going full throttle during the shoot of Peace, Love and Misunderstanding while the rest of us had passed out. There was not a single day she showed up on set unprepared. She is the most stunning woman I've come across,\" says Poorna.Now that Poorna is busy facing the arclights for films, will she continue working on television? \"I hope to do so. The biggest problem, however, is to try find time to fit theatre into my schedule as I am also a theatre person,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12422751", "title": "Woman suffers 80% burns as husband, kin set her on fire", "text": "MUMBAI: A 24-year-old housewife suffered 80% burns after she was allegedly set on fire by her mother-in-law , husband and brother-in-law at their home in Wagh Chawl at Ramabai Ambedkar Nagar in Bhandup (W). The victim, Sujata Wagh, had initially claimed that she suffered the burns due to negligence while cooking.However, when police picked holes in her statement, the victim revealed that her husband along with his mother and brother to set her on fire on Saturday . The police on Sunday arrested the husband, Sachin (30), mother-in-law Mankarna (52) and brother-in-law Nitin (23). They have been booked for attempt to murder.Police said ever since the victim got married to Sachin, Mankarna claimed that Sujata was a curse to the family and it was because of her (victim) that Sachin did not go to work.On Saturday, Mankarna had an altercation with the victim. \"In a fit of rage, she ordered her sons to grab the victim while she doused her with kerosene and set her on fire,\" said Nadgauda.On hearing the victim's screams, neighbours rushed into the house and nabbed the accused . They were handed over to the police. Sujata is undergoing treatment at Sion Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12421984", "title": "Many councillors dropped, dissidence in BJP ranks", "text": "NEW DELHI: The BJP has introduced 212 fresh faces in its final list of candidates for the coming municipal elections. It has decided to repeat just 60 of its 172 sitting councillors to counter anti-incumbency. While the party has decided to drop several of its sitting councillors who were safe after implementation of the 50% reservation formula, it has given tickets to family members of displaced councillors and party workers. Upset with the party's decision, five of BJP's sitting councillors and two Delhi BJP office bearers filed nominations as independent candidates on Monday.Suresh Kumar, son-in-law of senior BJP leader and MLA from Janakpuri Jagdish Mukhi, has filed his nomination from Janakpuri (west) as an independent. The party has given the ticket to Ashish Sood, BJP's west Delhi general secretary. \"I am contesting the polls an independent,\" confirmed Suresh Kumar, who is in charge of west Delhi's media wing.He is not the only one. After the BJP decided to field Rajni Abbi from the Mukherjee Nagar ward on a general seat, Delhi BJP secretary and spokesperson Narender Tandon resigned from the party and filed his nomination as an independent from the same ward.On Monday, sitting councillors Veena Abrol from Lajpat Nagar, Harish Awasthi from Madipur, and Prabha Singh from New Ashok Nagar filed their nominations as independent candidates. The growing dissidence, sources say, can damage the party's prospects in the elections.In the last one week, more than 30 party workers, including seven sitting councillors and three mandal and district presidents, have resigned from the party. Party workers were in for a rude shock after names of prominent sitting councillors, including Jagdish Mamgain, chairman of MCD's works committee, Dr V K Monga, chairman of MCD's public health committee, V P Gupta, chairman of MCD's property taxation committee, did not figure in the list.The party, however, made an exception to accommodate more than 14 displaced councillors and retained many councillors who had fought the 2007 elections as independent candidates and joined BJP afterwards. But, the BJP claims the selection of candidates has been fair. \"We will try to sort things out with upset party workers. If they still decide to contest as independent candidates, strict action will be taken,'' said Vani Tripathi, national secretary of BJP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12421703", "title": "Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation's property tax hike move draws flak", "text": "HYDERABAD: Property tax on residential properties is set to go up from the 2012-13 financial year. Though the hike is being proposed in the form of revision of property tax, which will be taken up next month, citizens are crying foul over the move as Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation never bothers about the poor civic services.If the property tax on residential properties is hiked, over 11 lakh property owners would have to cough up more money. As of now, there are 12.5 lakh assessments in the Greater Hyderabad. Of them, 1.40 lakh are commercial properties and the rest residential.As of now, the GHMC has been collecting a minimum of 50 to 60 paise per square feet (sft) for residential buildings and a maximum of Rs 1.25 per sft. For residential properties in slums, only 40 paise was being collected from property owners. On the other hand, commercial buildings are billed between Rs five and Rs 20 per sft depending upon the area.GHMC sources said property tax rates would be revised based on locality, building type, usage and rental value. Revision of property tax has to be done every five years as per the GHMC Act and the last revision was done in 2007. As the government had not permitted property tax hike in 2007 in view of municipal elections, the GHMC had enhanced property tax on commercial buildings only after the local elections.\"While there was no revision of property tax on residential properties in the erstwhile Municipal Corporation of Hyderabad area since 2000, the tax rates have not been revised in the erstwhile surrounding municipalities since 2002. Property tax rates for residential properties in surrounding circles are less compared to the core area,\" a senior official of the GHMC told TOI.The 13th Finance Commission has reportedly pulled up the state government for putting a cap on the enhancement of property tax and controlling civic bodies. As per the municipal laws and a GO issued in 2006, commissioners of respective municipalities and corporations are empowered to revise property tax in their jurisdiction. Stung by the Finance Commission's strictures, the state government lifted the cap on enhancement of property tax on commercial properties.\"The corporation has already intimated about revision of property tax to the municipal administration and urban development (MA&UD;) department. The revision process will take three to four months,\" GHMC commissioner MT Krishna Babu told TOI.However, GHMC officials might have to face music from citizens and corporators during the property tax revision exercise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12420645", "title": "Vintage Amdavad on display at exhibition", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Two professional ear cleaners are at work on the newly built promenade at Kankaria. Some chimneys dimly loom in the background. This photograph by Vivek Desai capturing 'a time' in the city, is one of the 40 vintage black and white photographs on display at an exhibition titled 'Ahmedabad'.\"When Mahendra Kadia wanted to organize an exhibition on old Ahmedabad, we dug up our archives and reproduced these prints from our old negatives. Most of the photos are a time travel of the buildings and places that we see even today,\" said Vraj Mistry, one of the five eminent city photographers who is exhibiting.Each photographer looks at the different aspects of 'old' Ahmedabad. Surendra Patel's work visit the physical relics of the walled city through pictures of its cornices and wooden facades. Taking a look at the city's textile history, P M Dalwadi's poetic pictures range from rolled yarns in the mill to workers dying and drying cloth on the banks of Sabarmati. Vraj Mistry's photographs are of places which once existed like the Shahpur Phauvara.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12425612", "title": "AK Antony backs Army chief General VK Singh's bribe claim", "text": "NEW DELHI: Defence minister AK Antony has corroborated Army chief General VK Singh's claim that he was informed by the Army chief about the alleged bribe offer made to him. Speaking on the issue in Rajya Sabha, Antony said that though Gen Singh informed him about the alleged bribe offer by Lt General (retd) Tejinder Singh, he also told him that he didn't want to pursue the matter further when asked to take action.Antony further added that Gen Singh did not file a written complaint upon which action could be taken.The defence minister also said that the CBI that had been ordered to probe the matter following Gen Singh's startling revelation would be 'comprehensive' and no one would be spared regardless of how powerful the person was if found guilty.Earlier, Gen Singh in a media interview stirred a major controversy when he said a recently retired senior officer offered him a bribe of Rs 14 crore if he passed sub-standard trucks for procurement by the Army, and he had reported the matter to the defence minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12424931", "title": "Sanjay Dutt smokes in non-smoking zone!", "text": "He can smoke in a non-smoking area. He can kill people without flinching. He is the dreaded police officer Mahadev Bhonsle in Ram Gopal Varma's Department.And Mirror brings you the first look of the character essayed by Sanjay Dutt in the film that according to its maker \"Has a lot more colour to it than Satya and Company\".\"Sanjay Dutt plays an intense character. He isn't all black or white. He has shades of grey in him. He hasn't been seen in such a character in a very long time,\" says RGV who has united with Sanjubaba, 15 years after they made Daud together.Despite reports to the contrary, RGV tells us that he shares a great rapport with Dutt and is very fond of him. \"I have always had a great tuning with Sanjay Dutt during Daud. With Department, the bond has only strengthened. The stories about conflicts between the two of us were all rumours. I am extremely fond of Sanjay on a personal as well as on a professional level.\"Department is the story of an encounter specialist and his view of the underworld. On the line of Company, this film takes a closer look at the gangs and how they operate like a business organisation. Apart from Sanjay Dutt, the film also has Amitabh Bachchan playing the role of a gangster-turned-politician and Rana Daggubati as a young cop named Shivnarayan.The film is an attempt to explore the relationship between the police and the underworld.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12420698", "title": "Defence ministry warns against engaging with two blacklisted foreign arms firms at DefExpo", "text": "NEW DELHI: The defence ministry has warned its civilian and military officials to avoid contact with the armament companies blacklisted recently by the government, two of which would be displaying their products in the DefExpo-2012, starting Thursday.MoD has also constituted a team of officials, which will be on vigil to ensure that no foul play or irregularities, either from officials or participants, takes place during the four-day show from March 29 to April 1.\"We have issued an advisory through MoD and all its wings, and also the three Services, that they should advise all their officers to avoid contact with these companies,\" said secretary (defence production) Shekhar Agarwal on Monday.Asked whether the blacklisted four foreign and two Indian firms were participating in the DefExpo, Agarwal admitted that two foreign companies - Rheinmetall and Israeli Military Industry (IMI) - were participating in the exhibition since they had registered for the show before they were banned. \"We thought it may not be advisable and may create legal complications if we ask them to withdraw now,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12421447", "title": "Auto permit scam: SC slams Delhi chief secretary", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday expressed serious reservation over the Delhi chief secretary's failure to honour its August 2011 order, asking him to detail the action taken following a CBI report about the illegal trading of three-wheeler autorickshaw permits in the capital.A bench of Justices D K Jain and A R Dave asked, \"This is a very serious matter. Why is the order not complied with even after six months. If the chief secretary behaves in this manner, what will his subordinates do?\"\"Just see the allegations. You officers are allegedly hand in glove in the sale of permits. Six months have gone by and no action has been taken,\" the bench told additional solicitor-general P P Malhotra but agreed to give another chance to the chief secretary to submit an action-taken report by April 15 in response to CBI's findings.In an appeal filed by NGO Nyay Bhoomi, it was pointed out that there was rampant illegal trading in autorickshaw permits, which were going for a premium of Rs 4 lakh when the cost of a vehicle was Rs 1.25 lakh.To reduce pollution in the capital, the apex court in the M C Mehta case had put a cap on the number of autorickshaws in Delhi and had ordered that permits given to owners of autorickshaws could not be transferred to another person, enforcing a ban on trade in these permits.The petitioner said, \"The TSR financiers own or control more than 90% of the autorickshaws plying in Delhi, most of which are benami. In active collusion at the highest level within the government and with the transport department of Delhi, they also blatantly indulge in trading in permits in contravention of apex court orders.\"The NGO referred to a transport department's 'Report of the Committee of Officers on Autorickshaw Fare Revision', which had stated that \"in the present year (2010), the cost of a TSR in the informal market is around Rs 3.5 lakh\".The petitioner added that the Environment Pollution (Prevention and Control) Authority in its report No. 34 to the apex court in December 2009 had said, \"It is estimated that the premium paid to transfer the permit is increasing the cost of the vehicle to roughly Rs 4.5 lakh as against the showroom cost of Rs 1.25 lakh.\"The NGO pointed out that by a public notice of November 11, 2010, the transport department gave an impression that it was concerned about benami permits by ordering their suspension. But, just four days later, it sought to give legal cover to the benami permits, which was exactly as per the \"request\" of Sandeep Dikshit, MP and son of Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit. The petitioner said these benami permits put the poor auto drivers at the mercy of the financiers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12422840", "title": "Court extends Gidwani\u2019s custody", "text": "MUMBAI: Former Congress MLC Kanhaiyalal Gidwani had booked four flats in the Adarsh society and had reserved in proxy names to oblige some highranking government officials who dealt with the Adarsh file. \"Gidwani had made the payments for these four flats from his bank accounts,\" the CBI's remand application said.A special CBI court on Monday extended the police custody of Gidwani till April 1. Gidwani was granted bail on Tuesday in a corruption issue involving CBI counsel in the Adarsh scam, Mandar Goswami, but he was rearrested soon after his release and remanded in police custody till Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "12421568", "title": "Sikhs around world to rally against capital punishment", "text": "AMRITSAR: The worldwide Sikh community is forming a coalition with governments and NGOs against capital punishment in India even as a number of organizations have approached United Nation's office of the high commissioner for human rights (OHCHR) and Amnesty International against Balwant Singh Rajoana's death sentence to Beant Singh assassination case.\"The first step is to put pressure on India to endorse moratorium at the General Assembly of the UN later this year to abolish death penalty within 12 months,\" said Ranjit Singh Masuta, founder, Gurdwara Sahib, Langenthal, Switzerland, while talking to TOI on Monday. Masuta, along with Karan Singh, representative, Mar-movement Against Atrocities and Repression; Gurdial Singh of Punjab Trust, France; Jagjit Singh of Sikh Society, Italy; Harbans Singh of Sikh National Committee, Italy; and Harminder Singh Khalsa, member, Gurdwara Sahib Management Committee, Switzerland, submitted a memorandum to the office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights in Geneva and Amnesty International on March 23 urging to intervene to stop execution of Balwant Singh Rajoana, who is facing death sentence as a co-accused for assassination of former chief minister Beant Singh.Karan Singh said, \"The announcement of the imminent execution of Balwant Singh comes on the back of the premature release of Kishori Lal, who was awarded three separate death penalties for the murder and decapitation of three innocent Sikhs with a chopper knife on 1 November, 1984\"Jagjit Singh of Sikh Society, Italy, said that protests were taking place across Europe, Canada, USA, Australia, New Zealand and India itself. \"Politicians in different countries are being encouraged to support the campaign,\" said he. Gurdial Singh of Punjab Trust, France, said that the protests would culminate in a large Europe-wide demonstration outside the European Parliament in Brussels on March 29.\"Members of the European Parliament from across Europe are expected to join the demonstration and show solidarity with the Sikh community by demanding that time has come for the death penalty in India to come to an end,\" he said.Masuta informed that on the directions of Akal Takht, an Akhand Path was held at Gurdwara Sahib on March 23. He also informed that they had sent a siropa (robe of honour) and hand painting of Gurdwara Sahib made by a local resident Karin Martin for Rajoana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12421450", "title": "\u2018Stateless\u2019 enclave dwellers observe Bangla Independence Day", "text": "KOLKATA: A journey of 60 years now seems endless to them. With tears in their eyes and the national flag of Bangladesh held high in their hands, a few lakh Indians residing in the enclaves within Bangladesh celebrated Bangladesh's Independence Day on Monday.\"Though officially we are Indians, but because of our location and culture, we can identify more with the Bangladeshis,\" said Mofijur Rahman, chairman of Garati enclave in Bangladesh. He hopes that someday their enclave will become part of Bangladesh and he will become a citizen of that country.People residing in the 162 enclaves along the Indo-Bangla border for last six decades are detached from the mainland and even denied nationality and voting rights by either state, thus becoming 'stateless'.Demanding immediate merger with Bangladesh, which according to them will end their hapless condition, hundreds of enclave dwellers sat on a fast till death in all the enclaves on either side of Bangladesh. Hile Bangladeshi enclave dwellers are on hunger strike at Dinhata since March 12, while their counterparts in the Indian enclaves have been on a warpath since March 18.Mofijur's voices were echoed by Mojaffar Hossain and Taslimuddin of Putimari and Dasierchhara enclaves. On Monday, they all observed Bangladesh's Independence Day in Indian enclaves and took out rallies with Bangla national flag. Earlier this year, Bangla enclave dwellers observed Indian Republic Day too.Years after Bangladesh declared independence from Pakistan in 1971, the country's first premier Seikh Mujibur Rahman signed an agreement with his Indian counterpart in 1974 to exchange the enclaves, contiguous to each other's mainland, to end the misery of those residing in these enclaves. Under the agreement, 51 Bangladesh enclaves were supposed to merge with India while 111 enclaves commonly known as Chhitmahals were to merge with Bangladesh. But nothing happened after that.In the past couple of years, following an agitation by enclave dwellers under the political banner of the Bharat Bangladesh Enclave Exchange Coordination Committee, the Bangladesh government took an initiative towards the goal. It conducted a headcount of enclave dwellers and has decided to give voting rights to those dwelling in 51 enclaves of the country within Indian territory. It may be noted that India has 111 enclaves within Bangladeshi territory and Bangladesh has 51 in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12422395", "title": "285 cheating cases registered in state", "text": "BHOPAL: Three cases of cheating were registered in the Bhopal division and 285 such cases were registered in the state in the on-going MP Board exams of class X on Monday.Students took second and third language English on this day.Gwalior division registered the highest number of cheating cases at 168.Rewa division came next with 52 such cases. While Sagar division had 23 cases of cheating, Jabalpur came fourth with cases of cheating adding up to 20. Next, Ujjain division registered 14 cases of cheating while Indore division totalled at 5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12425096", "title": "Celebs chill out at The Park", "text": "With the temperatures soaring and Kolkata getting scorched by the day, celebs and the city's party people headed to Aqua, The Park, on a Sunday afternoon to chill out.However, when the Sen sisters walked in, the older Sen in a coral dress cinched at the waist with a belt and the younger one, in an off-shoulder tee, every head turned. Needless to say, the mercury soared a notch higher.Red seemed to be the colour of the day what with Riya's blood-red pout, Parno's strapless number and, not too mention, Kaushik Ganguly's cotton shirt!Men of the moment, Parambrata and Abir bonded over some coolers. We also spotted singer-musician Neel Adhikary with 'good friend' Audrey at the do.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12422030", "title": "Bobbit woman hits back, sends molester packing to hospital", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 40-year-old man was allegedly bobbitised by a widow in Alipur in northwest Delhi after he molested her, police said. The man misbehaved with her outside her house on Sunday evening. Police said the woman will not be arrested or booked as she took the step to save herself.\"The woman's husband died around 8 months back. She has three children to look after. The accused, Jeevach, stays in the same colony. The victim was sitting outside and watching her kids play around 7.30pm when the accused who was passing by made lewd comments. The victim objected to his remarks and asked him to go away. The accused refused to budge and pounced on her. The victim screamed for help but he did not let her go. In a frantic bid to break free she picked up a blade lying on the floor and attacked him,\" said a police officer.The accused released her from his grasp and slumped to the ground. The woman then called the police. \"The victim said the man was trying to rape her. The man was taken to hospital, and the woman was also sent for a medical examination,\" added the officer.\"A case under Sections 509 (word, gesture or act intended to insult the modesty of a woman) and 354 (assault or criminal force to woman with intent to outrage her modesty) of the IPC has been registered.The accused is admitted at Raja Harish Chandra Hospital and is under observation. He will be arrested after he is discharged, cops said. Hospital authorities said the man needed immediate surgery, as he had sustained 65% injury. His condition has been reported to be out of danger. He will be discharged in a day or two and handed over to the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12422509", "title": "Fog brings down visibility, disrupts railway services", "text": "MUMBAI: Monday morning's fog disrupted railway services, particularly between Virar and Borivli, and gave motorists a tough time as visibility levels dropped. The weather department said visibility was a little less than 2km early on Monday. This took a toll on Western Railway (WR) services and trains were delayed by 15-20 minutes. The situation improved after 8am but early-morning travellers had to cope with delays at several stations in the western suburbs.Nitin David, public relations officer of WR, said: \"Due to poor visibility, motormen were instructed to drive slowly to prevent any untoward incidents.\"Sanjay Rawal, an Andheri resident, said: \"I was waiting for a Fast local around 7.15am, but the train arrived 15 minutes late. Some passengers told me that trains were running late because of the fog and resultant dip in visibility .\" A motorman said trains were running late also because of signal failure in the morning.There was trouble on the road as well, as motorists had to cope with a thick layer of fog, especially in the Vasai-Virar belt. Vilas Mantri of Virar, who rode to the station on his two-wheeler at 6.15am, said: \"I have not seen anything like this for years.\"The region has been experiencing high temperatures over the past few days, with the mercury level hovering in the 35-39 degrees Celsius range.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12425844", "title": "M'wood parties with Allu Arjun", "text": "It was party time for Mollywood celebrities when Telgu actor Allu Arjun came down to Kerala recently.As Allu walked into a night club in Kochi on Saturday, he was accompanied by actors Asif Ali, Lalu Alex and Kailash. While Allu and Asif took to the dance floor to shake their legs to a few tracks spun by 15-year-old DJ Shaan, Lalu Alex chilled out by sipping his drink and watching others dance. Kailash joined Allu and Asif a little later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12422280", "title": "IPL looks at small cities for eyeballs", "text": "BHOPAL: In a bid to ramp up TV viewership for cricket, IPL organisers are targeting viewers from small towns across the country. Sports broadcaster Samir Kochar and supporting staff visited Bhopal on Monday to woo viewers for the fifth edition of the shortest form of cricket starting from April 4.Accepting low TRP of cricket matches and cricketers after the two overseas series, Neeraj Vyas, an executive of official broadcaster for IPL, said, The TRP for the IPL fell from 4.25 in Season 3 to 3.5 in the last year. \"Last year, there was an overdose of cricket. We had a jam-packed season for the World Cup cricket,\" he added.Focusing on entertainment value, the Indian Premier League (IPL) is targeting cities like Bhopal for more viewership.Smaller cities are making better target audience for the advertisers. \"In metros, the average time spent is less or stagnant. In smaller town, viewers reach home early because of less distances and watch more television,\" said Vyas.TAM ratings, considered one of the most vital variables for any media plan, indicate that advertisers are more focused on towns and cities registering growth. \"IPL is a three-hour entertainment package and in some respects it is like going to a theatre. The difference is one enjoys it in the comfort of the living-room,\" said sports broadcaster and anchor Samir Kochar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12420311", "title": "3 youngsters end life in separate incidents", "text": "NAGPUR: Having failed to get any response from his sister's room, Avinash Yadav peeped through the window. Through the small opening, he could only see his sister Poonam's smiling face with eyes open. Thinking she was playing a prank, he laughed and asked her to open the door.Within minutes, however, he realised something was wrong. 21-year-old Poonam had hanged herself in her room at their Shani Nagar home on Sunday.Avinash had come to investigate when his elder sister raised doubts on seeing motionless face of Poonam. With the help of neighbours, they broke open the door only to find Poonam hanging to the wooden bars of an almirah on Sunday afternoon.\"Her face was not distorted and her tongue was not out, so we could not make out she was dead. The dupatta she used to hang herself was part of dress she was wearing and we could not differentiate,\" said Avinash. Just six months ago, Avinash's father Satpal, a railway guard, had died of heart attack.Poonam's suicide has once again left the family numb. On Sunday afternoon Poonam had locked herself in the room saying she wanted to study. Poonam, a second year B.Com student, was known as a bright and ambitious student. Sources in the family said a love affair that went wrong might be the reason.Poonam didn't mention the reason for her act. In her three line suicide note, she asked her sister to marry the youth she loves and to take care of her mother. She also apologized to her family for her act. Kalamna police took the body for post mortem to Mayo Hospital and registered accidental death.In another incident, a post graduate student Swapnali Patil (22) ended her life due to a prolonged stomach ailment. Swapnali held two post graduate degrees in arts. She wrote in her suicide note that she could no more bear the pains and hence was taking the extreme step. On Monday afternoon, her father Shivshankar found her hanging at their Gawandipura residence in Sakkardara.Suicide of labourer Manish Lanjewar (21) also left his family and police clueless. Lanjewar hanged himself at his Nandanwan home on Monday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12422156", "title": "Will the Rajgurunagar airport project take off?", "text": "PUNE: The state budget has allocated Rs 438 crore for six airport projects across the state, including the proposed international airport at Rajgurunagar in Pune. However, the allotment has failed to generate enthusiasm among people in Pune.The other beneficiary projects are the Multi-Modal International Hub Airport at Nagpur (Mihan); an airport at Shirdi, which is a major pilgrim centre; Karad, the home town of chief minister Prithviraj Chavan; Amravati; and Kolhapur.The big question is that how much money will actually flow into the Pune airport project. And, will this amount be sufficient for meeting the budget's stated objective of facilitating land acquisition?Sources in the general administration department's civil aviation wing said, \"A major part of the allocation is expected to go into meeting rehabilitation requirements of the Mihan project. The Shirdi airport is a work-in-progress and considerable money will go into it. Karad and Amravati too are important projects.\"S K Jain, chairman, civil aviation committee of the Mahratta Chamber of Commerce, Industries and Agriculture (MCCIA), said, \"We had requested the finance minister to make a provision of Rs 300 crore for the Pune airport project. I hope Pune receives a bulk of the Rs 438-crore allocation.\"Ever since the proposal was first mooted more than a decade ago for Chakan, the MCCIA has been spearheading a campaign to secure an international airport project for Pune. The project was later shifted to Rajgurunagar. But now the farmers' opposition to land acquisition for the Rajgurunagar site has forced the government to consider a nearby alternative site.Jain said, \"The distribution of this allocation has to be done as per the requirement of a specific project. Pune's requirement is much bigger than other airports mentioned in the state budget. What matters is the size of the project.\"Much of the scepticism stems from the way the government handled the Rs 200 crore seed money sanctioned for the Pune international airport project last time. \"Only Rs 96 crore of this seed money was actually released and even that could not be utilised owing to land acquisition issues,\" said an official from the Maharashtra Airport Development Company (MADC), the state's special purpose vehicle for airport projects.The company had to divert a substantial part of this money to other projects, the official said. \"The seed money is now redundant in view of the alternative site being considered by the government. The new site will have to be approved by the state cabinet. Besides, the land acquisition process has not started yet,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12420675", "title": "Experts advocate nationalized fingerprint database", "text": "AHMEDABAD: India, the first country in the world to have built the database of fingerprints for forensic use way back in 1897, has again woken up to the challenge of collection and identification of criminals' fingerprints with the help of national database. The 60 experts from both forensic science laboratories and state records crime bureaux (SCRB) who gathered at Directorate of Forensic Sciences (DFS), Gandhinagar, discussed the new ways to collect, preserve and share the fingerprints in two-day national conference of state fingerprint bureaux (FPBx).Shafi Alam, director general of National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB), told TOI that need of the hour is to integrate various regional data to form a national database that can be used to solve intra-state crimes. \"We are implementing Fingerprint Analysis and Criminal Tracking System (FACTS) in phase-wise manner and pilot projects at states such as Uttar Pradesh, Kerala and Assam have been successful. Efforts are on to bring all the states on the same platform,\" he said.NCRB is in process of implementing the home department's ambitious Rs 2,000-crore revamp and modernization plan that also includes developing national database of fingerprints and updating the systems for fingerprinting and face recognition.Dr J M Vyas, director general, DFS, said that the agency has employed Automated Fingerprint Identification System (AFIS) for long and has maintained database of over five lakh fingerprints. \"Gujarat is one of the states that have taken the initiative to educate police department in collecting the fingerprints right at the level of police station and pilot project has completed successfully,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12420688", "title": "Land SIT gets 1,017 complaints in 2 yrs", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Land-grabbing cases are rising as the prices of land increase in Ahmedabad district. The special investigation team formed for the investigation of land scams and offences in Ahmedabad district has in the past two years received 1,017 complaints. Last year till December 2011, the SIT has received 767 complaints.Several questions relating to land grabbing were asked by the MLAs including Shailesh Parmar (Sher-Kotda), Bhushan Bhatt (Khadia), Babubhai Patel (Daskroi), Mayaben Kodnani (Naroda) and Pragji Patel (Mandal).Of these 1,017 cases, the Government has already taken action in 56 complaints. About 310 accused have been booked under various sections of the Indian Penal Code include criminal conspiracy (IPC 120 B), punishment for criminal breach of trust (IPC 406), cheating and dishonestly inducing delivery of property (IPC 420), punishment for forgery (IPC 465), forgery for purpose of cheating (IPC 468), forgery of valuable security and will (IPC 467), using as genuine a forged document (IPC 471).The government in the written reply stated that there were several complaints where one or two accused were common in the complaints. Officials in the home department said that in Sanand, which has attracted many real-estate players and investors in the recent past, has become the epicenter of land-related offences.Officials said that the fraudsters use tricks which include forgery, false power of attorney, and sales duplication. The state government had formed a special investigation team (SIT) for investigating land scams and offences in Ahmedabad district.Officials said that there was hardly any village on Sanand-Nal Sarovar road that did not report a land scam. There are three types of offences happening - execution of sales deed through false power of attorney without the knowledge of the land owner, duplication of sales, execution of sales deed in the name of banakhat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "12422499", "title": "Auto stir over but drivers continue to fleece citizens", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: The autorickshaw strike may have ended in Navi Mumbai, but there is no end to commuters' woes. Showing utter disrespect for the law of the land, auto drivers brazenly continue to overcharge passengers. While RTO officials maintain that auto drivers in Navi Mumbai cannot charge more than the revised minimum fare of Rs 11 (for a distance of 1.6 km), the latter continue to ask for the old rate of Rs 15. Auto drivers in Navi Mumbai went on an indefinite strike last week over the issue of fare reduction . However, with the state transport ministry sticking to its stand on the revised minimum fare of Rs 11, auto drivers have now decided to illegally charge Rs 15.\"We were happy that the auto strike was called off on Monday. However, it was disgusting to see auto drivers brazenly demanding the old, higher tariff, which was done away with by the RTO,\" said a Vashi resident, who wasted 10 minutes arguing with auto drivers over the revised rates on Monday morning.Deputy RTO (Vashi) Sanjay Raut told TOI: \"It is definitely wrong on the part of auto drivers in Navi Mumbai to charge the old minimum fare of Rs 15. Citizens can complain by calling on our toll-free number, 1800225335, if they continue to encounter this problem.\"Asked if the RTO would ensure--on its own-implementation of the new tariff regime, Raut said: \"We put up informative posters about the reduced auto rates, but those were torn away.\" However, Kasam Mulani, president of the Navi Mumbai Autorickshaw Federation, supported the open act of defiance by auto drivers. \"We are charging the old minimum rate of Rs 15 as the RTO has not specifically asked us to reduce the tariff. The situation should become clearer in the next two days once an official announcement is made,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "12421961", "title": "Highway authorities fail to meet CM deadline", "text": "DALTONGANJ: Though chief minister Arjun Munda had asked the National Highway Authority to complete the task of widening NH-75 by March 31, executive engineer of NH division Surinder Pandey conceded failure to meet the deadline. Munda, during his visit to Daltonganj in December last year by road, had made the request to the NHA.On Monday, DC Palamu Pooja Singhal went to Polpol, 17 km from Daltonganj, and held parleys with engineers of NHA, PWD and drinking water and sanitation department.Speaking to this correspondent Singhal said if Munda has set the deadline, the NHA should honour it, or action will be taken.Only 59 km of the highway runs through Palamu. The widening work is to be done on a stretch of 27 km and it is expected to be completed by April 15, claimed an official of NH construction agency, B Naidu.Naidu pointed out a few obstacles in the widening work. He said locals beat up workers at the site demanding cut money. Singhal immediately asked Naidu to report the matter to the nearest police station and SP Palamu.Another stumbling block is the shifting of more than a dozen electricity poles from the widening site. Executive engineer Pandey said the NHA gave Rs 32 lakh to the state electricity department for shifting of these electric poles this February. Singhal asked her OSD, Bipin Oraon, to find out the progress made in this connection by the electricity department.Besides, there are three tube wells on the highway in the urban area and 29 in the rural area. Executive engineer, drinking water and sanitation, Arvind Jaiswal, said the road authority should give money for uprooting the tube wells and re-installing them later at other places which would cost around Rs 39,000 each.Jaiswal, however, was cornered by the executive engineers of PWD, Nawal Kishore Sharma, and Pandey who said the 29 tube wells were encroachments and so the road authority is not legally bound to give any money either for its uprooting or installation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12426312", "title": "Upasana happy about Ram Charan's injury", "text": "Upasana has got some quality time to spend with fiance Charan due to his unexpected injury.Please don't misread the title! The thing is about the quality time they have got to spend due to the unexpected injury. It may be recalled that Charan had revealed that he and Upasana were not allowed to meet after dark, as both of their families are very conservative. Adding to that, Charan shoots till late in the evening, which hardly gives any time for them to spend together. His busy schedule (3 films on the sets, sittings for his Bollywood debut) has created an unwanted gap between them.However, things changed a lot after Ram Charan's five-inch muscle tear during the shoot of a song for 'Racha'. Due to this injury, he was forced to take a break of nearly two weeks. And the sympathy for injured Charan has prompted both the families to lift the time limit restrictions. After all, Rules are meant to be broken!During this period, the soon-to-be-wed couple came to know about each other very well and even Upasana was taking care of his health since then. What could be more happy than spending time with our loved ones! This quality time has recharged the energy of Charan, who is on a mission to wrap the shooting of Racha which is gearing for the worldwide release on April 5!Source: Gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12422376", "title": "Dodda scam in Chickpet", "text": "BANGALORE: This is one massive loot that has left a phantom trail. A Rs 400-crore fraud allegedly perpetrated in civic projects in Chickpet assembly constituency by a nexus of contractors and corporators, has left even the local legislator Dr Hemachandra Sagar clueless.Sagar's efforts to get to the bottom of the payments made for works not executed have been in vain as the trail turned cold with the files pertaining to the same vanishing.The contracts relate to works like remodelling of drains near KR Market and construction of Avenue Road pavement taken up in the constituency since 2008. While work hardly showed any progress on the ground, the bills were cleared in a jiffy. There has also been no clarity on whether necessary clearances were obtained before clearing the bills.\"The biggest question is how the bills were released without third-party inspection . If inspection had indeed been conducted, it has not been done properly and yet bills worth Rs 400 crore have been released,\" a source in the civic body observed.Sensing something amiss, Sagar wrote to the BBMP commissioner in December 2010, seeking investigation into works taken up in his constituency . \"I received complaints from people that contractors had been released funds without any work happening on the ground,\" he said. The MLA's intervention came well before the Rs 1,500-crore bill scam in Rajarajeshwari Nagar , Malleswaram and Gandhinagar came to light.Sagar's missive was greeted with silence. He wrote to the commissioner again in January and June next year. His fourth letter in November had some effect as the tender scam had shaken the BBMP establishment by then.Acting on the commissioner's instruction to look into the issue, the technical vigilance committee under the commissioner (TVCC), which inspects the works before sanctioning the bills, replied that Chickpet constituency works too were covered by the CID probe into the tender scam. The commissioner intervened again to make it clear that Chickpet works were out of the CID ambit . TVCC officials began looking into the works taken up in the constituency and the funds released for the same. But they had the shock of their life when told that none of the files were available. The alibi given to them was that the contractors had taken the files with them, as has been the BBMP practice.In December 2011, the TVCC superintending engineer wrote to the executive engineer of Chickpet sub-division asking for files and detailed project reports of the works taken up in the constituency since 2008-09 . \"Failing which the subject will be brought to the commissioner's notice,\" the engineer was cautioned.\"We are still in the process of locating the files,\" senior BBMP officials said.Times ViewIt's shocking that the BBMP is clueless about the files pertaining to development work in a ward that desperately needs to be fixed at the earliest. The pace of growth of one of the oldest areas of the city has far outstripped the basic amenities and despite repeated reminders, not much has happened over the years. It's time the government stepped in to clear the mess and ensure that the bills are cleared and contractors get on with their job.Inspection Draws Corporator's IreTen days ago, the TVCC inspected road works taken up in Dharmarayaswamy ward near Town Hall. But the corporator of the ward is believed to have kicked up a big row on why only his ward was being singled out. BBMP commissioner MK Shankarlinge Gowda said BBMP is looking into the issues raised by Sagar. \"Notices have been issued to engineers concerned,\" Gowda said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12421687", "title": "World Theatre Day: Stage set for ushering the event", "text": "HYDERABAD: The city is set to feast on a flurry of theatre activities on Tuesday as it joins the rest of the world in ringing in the 50th World Theatre Day, promoted by Unesco's International Theatre Institute. From stage plays and workshops to talk shows on the nuances of performing arts, the day will see a series of events across different venues in the city.But while this year the event seems particularly packed with performances, that has not always been the case in the city, say those from the local dramatic fraternity. They say that this art form, a huge hit now among Hyderabadi junta, began picking up only five years back.That was when the city witnessed a huge surge in the number of theatre enthusiasts who were willing to get up on stage, not as occasional actors but as full-fledged professionals. The burgeoning of the local talent pool in turn pushed senior stage artistes to form their own groups and churn out productions on a regular basis.At present, Hyderabad boasts of more than a dozen such production houses and there is a fresh play staged almost every month. \"The growth has been phenomenal. The number of plays that Hyderabad, till five years back, used to stage over the course of a year, it does now in a span of a few weeks,\" said Ratna Sekhar Reddy, founder of 'Samahaara', a theatre group that has been active in the city for the last eight years.Apart from experimenting with theatre - right from period dramas and classics to modern plays - local artistes have also been able to break barriers to reach out to outside audiences. The more established theatre destinations such as Kolkata, Chennai, Bangalore, Pune and Mumbai now routinely host Hyderabad-based groups.\"The younger lot has shown great potential to perform across theatre genres. Some of the groups that have mushroomed over the last couple of years are doing a fabulous job of balancing both art and entertainment ,\" said Seema Azharuddin, producer and actor with 'Kartaal Productions'. Formed in 2010, this group has made a tremendous impact on the drama scene in the city and has even earned international acclaim for its work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12422614", "title": "Sports fraternity enthused, welcomes new attention", "text": "Rajasthan sport fraternity welcomed the state's budget, which was presented by Ashok Gehlot on Monday. Sportspersons of the state are delighted with the provisions made for sport.Padmashri Sriram Singh told TOI that by increasing the award money, the state has ensured that the sportsmen are inspired to perform well at the national and international levels. The budget has also made provisions to create new infrastructure in the state, which is an added boost.Arjuna Award winner Gopal Saini said that new sports complex and a tribal academy will help in producing players in various disciplines. \"I am hopeful that the tribal academy will produce more archers like Limba Rams and Shyam Lal,\" Saini said. He added that this budget would motivate players to do well in the future.Rajasthan State Tennis Association secretary and Income Tax Commissioner Dilip Shivpuri appreciated the budget, but warned that all the provisions have to be seriously implemented. \"Now, sports will get the required impetus in the state, but honest efforts have to be made,\" he said.Rajasthan Volleyball Association secretary Ramavtar Singh Jakhar thanked to the chief minister for increasing the award money for players who perform well. \"It will help the players in giving of their best at the national and international levels,\" he said.Rajasthan State Bodybuilding Association secretary Naveen Yadav added that the provisions in the budget will help in overall development of sport. He said that the sporting fraternity of the state should be thankful to the government for this.Rajasthan Cricket Association officiating secretary KK Sharma, Rajasthan Wushu Association president Heeranand Kataria, Rajasthan Carom Association secretary JP Thakur, former Ranji captain Mohammed Aslam were among others who praised the budget.Sharp hike in allowance for winnersState budget 2012-13 came as a respite for sportsmen who brought laurels to the state winning at international, national and state level. The budget has increased the annual allowance package to upto ten times.It means that a sportsman stood first in any international event is entitled to receive Rs 5 lakh against Rs 50,000 in the existing set-up. Similarly, for second and third position, sportsmen is entitled to receive Rs 3 and Rs 2 lakh against Rs 30,000 and 20,000 respectively in the existing system.Those who represented nationals will receive Rs 2.5 lakh, Rs 1 lakh and Rs 50,000 for first, second and third position. The allowance has been made to meet the strict dietary patterns of players which is different depending on type of game.TOI on Monday reported as how national players are living on Rs 20 allowance per day from sports authority of India in a pathetic state. Fifteen of them are living in store room cum room of Rajasthan University campus. The news brought much respite to the players who celebrated the hike. Seven time national player (wrestling) and class XII student Mandeep Kumar says, \"I can't believe that from Rs 5000 per annum I am entitled to get Rs 50,000 per year. This will raise the standard of our living besides we can improve on our diet.\"Coaches felt that government should have gone a step ahead by allocating funds for constructing hostels for sportsmen. \"This allocation has somewhat sorted the problem of diet but still a long way has to go to churned out Olympians from these players,\" said a coach.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12422155", "title": "Emergency services need a revamp at government hospitals", "text": "VARANASI: How adequate are district hospitals in providing basic healthcare services in the region? A first look at services provided at the government hospitals is not very promising. Essential emergency services, leave aside critical cases that come to the hospital, leave much to be desired. This is despite the fact that two government hospitals (SPG and DDU) in the city have staff in almost full strength.The recent handling of emergency cases including the shifting of Swami Gyan Swarup Sanand (noted environmentalist Prof GD Agrawal) along with referring of the two injured persons in Sonbhadra mine blast to BHU has only exposed the limitation of the SPG Hospital.A realty check of the hospital on Monday also exposed certain inadequacies that are forcing the patients to explore costlier options in the form of private hospitals and nursing homes that have mushroomed across the city.While the long queue of people waiting for X-ray at the hospital revealed the burden and increasing load on the old functional diagnostic tool, the fact that the hospital lacked modern diagnostic and therapeutic equipments, including ECHO cardiography and digital X-ray facilities, also raised eyebrows. Similar was the case at the DDU Hospital that had come up with ultrasound facility two years ago. Though a long queue of patients was witnessed near the room, the machine had to be operated for a limited period with only one expert handling it. While both of the hospitals were more than 100-bedded hospital, they were found to be struggling with proper emergency services, leave aside intensive care unit (ICU) which was lacking there.The emergency ward of the SPG Hospital not only lacked sanitation with traces of betel spitting and leftovers evident on the walls and beds, the bed sheets on some of the beds had not been changed for days.According to Dr DB Singh, superintendent-in-chief (SIC), SPG Hospital, efforts have been made to bolster medical facilities at the hospital and nearly all the 32 sanctioned posts of doctors have been fulfilled. The earlier problems like scarcity of specialists including cardiologists have been removed and efforts are on to upgrade diagnostic and therapeutic equipments. Similarly, Dr Anil Ohari, chief medical superintendent, DDU Hospital said revamping of services especially at the OPD had been done and now the focus was on bolstering emergency services. The healthcare services would be also bolstered with the start of trauma centre and the hospital would witness round the clock emergency facility, he added.The trauma centre of DDU was scheduled to be handed over to the hospital administration two years back, but delay in finishing work lingered the process. However, the hospital also recruited 32 doctors against the sanctioned posts and started using the ultrasound machine.Even then, the government hospitals are presently avoiding handling serious cases which are either being referred to BHU or patients are being forced to go to private hospitals. The situation is also deplorable at the eight public health centres and six community health centres located on the outskirts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12422722", "title": "Reply to SevenHills proposal: HC to BMC", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Monday asked the BMC why it was delaying its decision on whether to accept SevenHills Healthcare Private Limited's (SHHPL) proposal to construct a separate 300-bed hospital for poor patients.A division bench of Justices P B Majmudar and Ramesh Dhanuka were hearing a petition by SHHPL challenging notices by BMC to vacate nearly seven acres of land allotted by it to run the superspecialty hospital in a public-private partnership. BMC wants 20% of the hospitalto run like a municipal hospital.SHHPL's counsel Venkatesh Dhond said even after the HC's earlier admonishment, BMC has issued a fresh \"150-page \" NOC. \"It is for transfer of mortgage but no one will give funds on this basis,\" said Dhond. He also informed the high court that despite offering to construct a separate hospital, free of charge, BMC has not responded. \"If they do not accept the proposal, let them say so\" . BMC advocate Komal Punjabi said what Seven Hills is offering is \"very less\" .Dhond said, \"Don't ask me to pay for expensive consumables. They have an officer on special duty who instigates patients.\" He also alleged that the BMC is \"selecting patients\" with health complications to send them to the hospital. The judges questioned why the BMC was not responding to the proposal. \"You may or may not agree with their proposal. Why don't you say it?\" asked Justice Majmudar. The judges have directed the BMC to reply by April 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12422005", "title": "Cabinet clears model village project", "text": "RANCHI: Decks were cleared on Monday for the ambitious \"model village\" project of the rural development department which is considered to be the brainchild of deputy chief minister Sudesh Mahato.The impasse was resolved after the state cabinet, which met here in the morning, gave its nod to the project despite objections raised by the finance department in the wake of the fact that Rs 60 crore was sanctioned by the minister without seeking approval of the finance department or the state cabinet.While chief minister Arjun Munda wanted to extend the scheme to 24 villages, one each in every district, his deputy Mahato announced to launch it in 100 villages and laid the foundation of the scheme at Lotwa Khudia village in Oremanjhi block of Ranchi district in February. The village is the native place of freedom fighter Sheikh Bhikhari. While laying the foundation stone for the first model village, Mahato had announced that his department would pick 100 villages for development of basic infrastructure with an objective to link them with livelihood mission in near future. The project was stalled after the finance department raised objections to sanction Rs 60 crore for the project .Sources said Mahato tried seeking the nod of the cabinet during its March 24 meet but he failed to convince the chief minister who was adamant about launching it as a pilot project in 24 districts. It was after Mahato threatened to skip the budget discussion of the rural development department slated for Monday that the government decided to convene its meeting in the same morning.The cabinet gave its nod to the scheme being launched in 100 villages that include one village each of the 81 MLAs and remaining 19 villages identified as the native places of great tribal leaders those who participated in India's freedom struggle. As against the announced package of Rs 3 crore for each village, the cabinet agreed to spend Rs 2 crore in each villages for development of basic amenities in the villages. The cabinet also agreed to establish cooperative banks in Giridih, Madhupur and Jamtara at an estimated investment of Rs 27.29 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12422711", "title": "Pink City left in the lurch as Gehlot tries to win over rural electorate", "text": "Focusing more on the rural In a bid to woo the rural electorate ahead of the 2013 assembly elections, chief minister Ashok Gehlot , who also holds the finance portfolio, acted stingy when it came to loosening his purse strings for the state capital. Apart from announcing a few projects, nothing substantial was offered to the Pink City.The government has proposed to set up a national construction academy in Jaipur on the lines of one in Hyderabad.The academy will provide skilled manpower to various big construction projects taken up in the state. The subsequent phases of the Jaipur Metro will be the biggest beneficiary.The city will also get a milk powder factory. Rajasthan is the second largest milk producing state in the country and the demand for such a plant had been raised several times before.Already home to several universities and colleges, Jaipur will now have a journalism and communication university.For the one lakh BPL families residing in the city, a housing assistance of Rs 50,000 has been announced.\"After the success of the scheme in rural areas, we want to implement this scheme in the city too,\" said Gehlot. In this regard, the state will take a loan of Rs 50 crore from various financial institutions.Jaipur will provide accommodation to students from SC, ST and minority communities preparing for administrative exams. The government has announced to provide hostel and coaching facilities to these students. Similar facilities will also be extended for students preparing for IIT, IIM entrance examinations. For this, the state has proposed to construct two hostels for girls, and one for boys.Of the 10 new railway over bridges (ROBs) and railway under bridges (RUBs) announced in the state, Jaipur will get three new ROBs. These will be constructed at Arjun Nagar crossing, Kalyan Nagar crossing, and Jagatpura crossing.The church at the Ghat Gate near the Walled City, which had been lying neglected since long, will be developed as a tourist spot.To reduce electricity consumption in the city, the government has proposed to replace the existing street lights with Light-emitting diode (LED) lights.\"Jaipur did not get the big projects, but it was expected. The city already received mega projects in last three budgets and other parts of the state too need to be developed,\" said Suman Sharma, a teacher in a private school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12422142", "title": "Patwari opposes Authority\u2019s petition", "text": "NOIDA: Farmers of Noida Extension on Monday appealed in the Supreme Court upon the Special Leave Petition filed by Greater Noida Authority seeking to quash the Allahabad high court verdict of July 19 last year ordering denotification of around 589 hectares of land in Patwari village. The land had been acquired by the Authority using the urgency clause of the Land Acquisition Act.Despite a majority of Patwari farmers having accepted the compromise formula of higher compensation and developed plots, the Authority had, in the last week of February this year, filed the SLP seeking to quash the denotification verdict.\"We got to know through sources that the Greater Noida Authority has filed a petition in the Supreme Court seeking to quash the denotification verdict. We have filed a caveat from our side pleading in the court to take cognizance of those farmers, too, who have rejected the out-of-court settlement,\" said the petitioner. \"Farmers were not been taken into confidence by the Greater Noida Authority when it filed this SLP. We remain opposed to the settlement because our abadi land, where we have our homesteads, have been acquired,\" he added.The farmers who have filed this caveat were party in the petition filed against acquisition in Allahabad high court in 2011 by Harkaran Singh and 10 others against UP government, on the basis of which a bench of the court had quashed land acquired by the Authority in Patwari.The denotification of the acquired land had sent shockwaves among developers who were building housing projects in the region and thousands of homebuyers who had booked units in those projects.Later, in a compromise formula devised by the Authority, more than 1,300 farmers of Patwari had accepted higher compensation and developed plots in lieu of the land.\"However, the truth remains that legally the land remains with the farmers after the July 19 verdict,\" said an official of the law department of Greater Noida Authority. \"We filed this SLP in the apex court to quash the July 19 verdict of the Allahabad high court since majority of the farmers have accepted the out-of-court settlement and none have challenged it,\" said the official.However, there remain many farmers from Patwari village who have not accepted the compromise formula.\"Of the 11 farmers in the petition of Harkaran Singh and others, several have rejected the compensation formula of the Greater Noida Authority,\" said the petitioner.Farmers have approached the apex court fearing the fact that the July 19 denotification order of the Allahabad high court might be quashed without taking the disgruntled farmers into consideration. \"The July 19 verdict of the Allahabad high court had been in favour of my clients,\" said counsel for farmers in the apex court, advocate Sandhya Goswami.\"The caveat is a plea to also consider the standpoint of those farmers who do not accept the settlement formula and want their land back. Farmers have pleaded for a notice to be sent to them to appear on the day of hearing,\" added Goswami.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12422138", "title": "Poet Grace passes away", "text": "PUNE: Well-known Marathi poet Manik Godghate, popularly known as Poet Grace, passed away on Monday at 10 am at city-based Deenanath Mangeshkar hospital after a prolonged battle with cancer. He was 75.Dhananjay Kelkar, medical director of the hospital, who treated the poet, said, \"Grace was admitted to the hospital for the last six months for treatment of cancer. About three years ago, he was diagnosed with throat cancer and underwent treatment for it. The malignancy spread to his liver six months ago, for which he was undergoing chemotherapy. He suffered liver failure a week ago following which his condition became extremely critical. He had also developed jaundice. He died at 10 am on Monday.\" Kelkar had been Grace's physician for the last three years.Paying his tributes, noted music composer Hridaynath Mangeshkar said he lost a person who was very close to him; while the state has lost a hugely talented poet. \"My association with Grace dates back to 1971. We shared the dais in many programmes. Grace was a very talented artist. He had a great command over Marathi as well as English and Urdu. He was an excellent orator and good prose and poetry writer. Very few knew that he had a good voice too. During our programmes he used to speak on poetry. Sometimes he used to talk for more than two hours. He was famous among the young generation and experts,\" Mangeshkar said.\"When I came to know about his ailment, I asked him to come to Pune for treatment. He fought bravely with the ailment and I never saw him give up. The ailment had imposed some restrictions on his eating as well. Even when he had severe problems with his throat, he never gave up talking. In fact, Grace used to say that he would prefer to die, rather than stop talking. He never complained about his ailment, but faced it with a brave heart. He continued his writing even when he was undergoing treatment. He completed one book while undergoing treatment at the hospital,\" said Mangeshkar.Mangeshkar said that Grace was outspoken when it came to expressing his views. \"Some people did not agree with his views,\" he said. \"Though he won the prestigious Sahitya Akademi award last year, it is unfortunate that Grace did not receive due honor from the state government,\" said Mangeshkar.District collector Vikas Deskmukh and mayor Vaishali Banker paid tributes to Grace at the hospital on Monday. His body was taken to Nagpur on Monday afternoon. Last rites will be performed on Tuesday in Nagpur.Note writer Anil Avachat said, \"Grace was a very close friend. We used to talk a lot on many subjects. I had very joyful movements with Grace. He will remain alive through his literature.\" Grace is survived by two daughters and one son.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12454077", "title": "Dil Raju picks up \u2018Ee Rojullo\u2019", "text": "The film 'Ee Rojullo' has been generating a strong buzz ever since its release and this has caught the attention of noted producer Dil Raju.After watching the film, a very impressed Dil Raju decided to pick up the movie's distribution rights and he will be releasing the film all over Andhra Pradesh with more prints from today.'Ee Rojullo' has been directed by Maruthi and the film has Srinivas and Reshma in the lead roles.JB has scored the music and Good Cinema Group has produced the movie. 'Ee Rojullo' is a low budget film which has been shot entirely on a Canon 5D and the output is impressive.Source: 123telugu.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12421800", "title": "Cial to buy disabled aircraft retrieval kit", "text": "KOCHI: The Cochin International Airport Limited (Cial) will soon purchase aircraft recovery equipment. This will help the authorities remove damaged aircraft that affect the functioning of the airport, from the runway and other areas.\"We are finalizing on which equipment to acquire for the common models of aircraft that operate from our airport. The tender will be invited soon,\" airport director A C K Nair told TOI here.The decision to buy the equipment was taken in the backdrop of the accident at the airport on August 28, 2011, when a Gulf Air flight carrying 137 people skidded off the runway during landing. The aircraft careened off the runway, coming to a halt in a muddy area close to it. The slush-stuck aircraft was removed the next morning, and the runway had to be closed till then.The 'disabled aircraft retrieval kit' available with Air India in Mumbai was brought in for this.IATA has approved Air India as the agency for such aircraft retrieval operations in South Asian countries, including India, Sri Lanka, and Pakistan. \"But each airport can undertake recovery of damaged aircraft in its area if it has the equipment and expertise. It is for the airlines to decide whether they should engage Air India or the local airport,\" Nair said.Central lightingNair also said that Cial had provided central lighting on the runway in the backdrop of the Gulf Air accident. \"This is not essential for the airport which has been classified as category I in terms of visibility. Here we have problems of only mist, but some airports like the New Delhi International Airport have been classified as category III, as the visibility goes down drastically there during winter season. We installed central lighting to reduce the possibility of an accident,\" the airport director said.Cial had also taken steps to ensure uninterrupted power supply for approach lights, to ensure safe landings, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12422720", "title": "HUDA terminates private contractor over shoddy job", "text": "GURGAON: HUDA has for the first time terminated the contract of a private contractor hired for cleaning and sanitation work in residential colonies. The move comes after the agency was flooded with complaints from RWAs regarding the poor work done by the contractor.HUDA had awarded the work of sanitation and maintenance to different private contractors last year and the contract was valid for three years.\"The contract has been terminated because he (contractor) failed to meet the desired level of efficiency and quality. He had already been warned earlier but there was no visible improvement,\" said HUDA administrator Praveen Kumar.Fed up with the poor sanitation in their areas, the residents had formed a group to take on the contractors. The group, spearheaded by MCG councillor Nisha Singh, had taken the matter with the HUDA officials. \"They (contractors) seldom do their job and pigs squatting on piles of garbage are a common sight. Unless the authorities take stern action against the defaulting contractors, the situation will not change,\" said Singh.The authority was paying over Rs 20 lakh to the contractor in charge of seven sectors. To ensure quality work, HUDA had formulated a system wherein payment to the contractor will only be made after he gets certificates from the RWAs endorsing the work done in their colonies. However, the system failed to work. \"Despite the RWAs not giving certificates for more than six months, the contractor continued getting regular payments from the HUDA office. The RWA had on numerous occasions complained to HUDA but nothing happened,\" said Ved Arya, general secretary of Sector 7 RWA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12420697", "title": "Court notice to NID on dismissed faculty\u2019s plea", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court on Monday issued notice to the National Institute of Design (NID) after a dismissed faculty member filed a petition that her contract was terminated without any reason.The faculty with NID's Apparel and Merchandising Department, Deepa Chalke, 38, has claimed that the institute terminated her contract apparently for making a sexual harassment complaint against a warden at the Gandhinagar campus. She has also alleged that the institute did not handle the issue sensitively, but in an unjust manner and arbitrarily.Justice K M Thaker has asked the NID to explain the issue by April 12, when further hearing is scheduled.Chalke's counsel Mukul Sinha said that she was appointed as associate professor for two years in August last year, and her contract was subject to review every year. However, the contract was terminated without providing any reason and she was asked to vacate the quarters.Chalke, in her November last year complaint had alleged that warden Shatrughan Tiwari's behaviour was derogatory to her personal and professional wellbeing and he used to harass her through security guards. She had lodged a formal complaint against a security guard who had barged into her house. The institute then terminated her contract on February 22. She was given the month's salary in lieu of one-month notice.The next day, Chalke questioned the termination order which did not contain any reason. The institute set up a review committee, which upheld her termination on the ground of insubordination. The single mother has also been asked to surrender the residential facility extended to her on the campus. Chalke moved HC, and after hearing, HC stayed NID from evicting her from the campus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12422266", "title": "3.5L looted from trader in old city", "text": "BHOPAL: Three unidentified youngsters looted Rs 3.5 lakh cash from a trader in old city on Sunday night. The looters snatched the trader's bag after throwing chilli powder at him and fled the scene.Kotwali police said three youths attacked tea wholesale trader Pradeep Kumar Jain, 45, and his driver Sitaram at Dayanand Square near Jumerati gate at around 11.45 on Sunday night.The gang of three first attacked the driver when he was parking a jeep in the garage and snatched the bag containing cash from Jain, the police said.Earlier on Sunday night, Jain had returned from Chiklod after collecting payments. Jain collects outstanding payment from retailers over weekend, the police said.The incident took place near Imli Wali Gali near Jain's house. The police said the three youth had been monitoring the movements of Jain. Last night, they waited for the driver to park the vehicle before attacking and fleeing with the bag full of money.The complainant has not named any suspect. The police have registered a case under the Section 394 (voluntarily causing hurt in committing robbery) of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12423186", "title": "Under pressure, VMC tries to expedite Sursagar project", "text": "VADODARA: With pressure building on Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) from various quarters over Sursagar, the civic body seems to have been woken out of its slumber.After declaring its plans for beautification and revival of the pond on Sunday, the civic body called the consultant, who has developed the Kid's City in Kankaria at Ahmedabad for a meeting on Monday and asked the firm to submit a presentation for Sursagar in the first week of April.The VMC has been under immense pressure from opposition Congress party in the civic body, NGOs and even ruling BJP MLA Yogesh Patel to take care of the stinking water body. With the issue of the polluted pond hitting the roof, the civic body was forced to swing into action.A team of architects from L J Purani and Associates - the firm that developed the Kid's City - visited Sursagar. Mayor Dr Jyoti Pandya and other officials from the civic body remained present at the meeting.A senior VMC functionary present at the meeting said that various options to develop the water body as a tourist place and spruce it up were discussed at the meeting. \"It has been decided to expedite work. In the first week of April, we will have a presentation on hand in this regard and can then start work,\" the official said.The Congress on the other hand has put up hoardings across the city as a part of its agitation demanding a clean Sursagar. The BJP has, however, said that Congress was politicizing the issue even as there were developments in the pipeline regarding the pond. \"Work has begun on the pond and the opposition should stop taking advantage of the situation,\" city BJP president Bharat Dangar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12421069", "title": "India to roll out common entrance medical exam from 2013", "text": "NEW DELHI: It's now official - the common National Eligibility-cum-Entrance Test (NEET) for admission to Under Graduate (UG) will be conducted by the Central Board of Secondary Education ( CBSE) while it will be the National Board of Examination that will conduct the Post Graduate (PG) exams.India is all set to roll out NEET from 2013-14.Putting ghosts to rest, the Union health ministry has informed state governments that their existing reservation policies would not be disturbed under the proposed scheme and state wise eligibility merit lists will be prepared for the respective state authorities to admit students for admission in accordance with their admission criteria in the institutions located in the respective states.The Medical Council of India has also revised the syllabus for NEET-UG.The qualifying criterion has been changed from percentage of absolute marks to percentile to ensure that no seat remains unfilled. Ghulam Nabi Azad said on Monday \"A few state governments had expressed concerns about the proposed NEET particularly with regard to the syllabus for the NEET for UG, reservation of seats, medium of examination, as well as their own preparedness to introduce the scheme from the academic year 2012-13 and whether once introduced some of their seats would go unfilled because of high merit. The government has addressed all the concerns.\"The ministry has also set up a coordination Committee \"with all relevant stakeholders as members, which will address any issue relating to the admission process, including regional language as medium for conduct of NEET.\"NEET would mean a single entrance examination will be held for MBBS and MD courses offered by all 271 medical colleges, 138 run by governments and 133 under private management. These colleges offer over 31,000 seats for MBBS courses and another 11,000 seats for PG degrees.Experts say NEET would reduce hassles for students appearing for multiple medical exams.\"Once implemented, the NEET would be applicable to all medical colleges which come under the ambit of MCI , including private medical colleges,\" Azad said.Among the states that was against the introduction of NEET in 2012 included West Bengal Maharashtra, Assam, Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka. Maharashtra, Gujarat and Goa had showed readiness to join NEET from 2013-14 but AP sought exemption for two years, saying it would join from 2014-15.\"At present, about 17 entrance tests are held to fill 32,000 UG seats in medical colleges across the country,\" a ministry official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "kolkata/new delhi", "code": "12421758", "title": "Delhi Police trying to stall Aftab\u2019s transfer to Tihar", "text": "KOLKATA/NEW DELHI: Delhi Police has opposed the Kolkata Police move to get American Center-attack convict Aftab Ansari transferred to high-security Tihar jail. As a last ditch effort, they have decided to write to the Union home ministry, explaining their stand.Delhi Police argue that Aftab's presence at Tihar will act as a \"morale booster\" for many undertrials lodged in the jail - especially the 11 suspected Indian Mujahideen terrorists who the Delhi Police claims were behind blasts in Pune's Best Bakery, Bangalore's Chinnaswamy Stadium and firing at foreign tourists outside Delhi's Jama Masjid.\"We are worried about the outcome of this sudden move by Kolkata Police. This is an issue of national concern and Aftab might try and get close to the IM's Bihar module. We understand that Kolkata Police is spending considerable time and money to take Aftab to various courts across the country. But they must remember that hearings in these cases are coming to a close and all of us are hopeful that like all other previous cases, he will be handed life sentence in these cases too,\" said additional DCP Ravi Shankar , who played a crucial in arresting Ansari.A Delhi Police officer said that three years ago, Kolkata Police had on one occasion refused Delhi cops to interrogate Ansari in a terror-related case in the Capital and that is why Delhi Police is now trying to block his transfer to Tihar.\"We had asked for his custody earlier, but Kolkata police did not pay heed to our request,\" said the officer.Kolkata Police on its part had earlier claimed that shifting Ansari to Delhi was necessary \"keeping the rising needs of his security in mind\".Authorities of Tihar though claimed on Monday that they have not received any official information about the Ansari's transfer. \"We are not aware of any official request,\" said Tihar PRO Sunil Gupta.Ansari has already been convicted in the 2002 American Center attack case, abduction of shoe baron Partha Pratim Roy Burman and the conspiracy to kidnap Saurav Ganguly and Sachin Tendulkar .Once he is transferred to Tihar, Ansari will undergo trial in an abduction attempt case. In 1995, Aftab and don Dinesh Thakur had allegedly tried to kidnap a businessman in northwest Delhi. A special cell team reached the spot and Thakur died in the ensuing encounter. Ansari managed to escape, but later was caught.DG Prisons, Tihar, Neeraj Kumar, said: \"We have not received any official letter regarding the transfer of Aftab Ansari to Tihar jail. The government is yet to send a communique to us.\"Sources said the entire process was started after Kolkata Police commissioner R K Pachnanda wrote to state home secretary G D Gautama, seeking Ansari's transfer to Tihar. Pachnanda termed Ansari as a \"high-risk\" prisoner. Ansari was produced in courts outside Bengal at least six times by the STF, said a jails department official. It is proving to be a \"major security concern\" especially at Kolkata airport. A senior STF officer claimed that since their cases were over in Kolkata, the \"frequent movements to the Capital\" were becoming a major problem.A Delhi Police officer, on the other hand, claimed that Ansari's case will get over soon, and after that he wouldn't be required in the Capital.\"We have not been able to keep him at Tihar because Kolkata Police had approached Calcutta high court and sought that he be kept in Kolkata. Why are they suddenly trying to send him now?\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12422782", "title": "Is Lucknow University going soft on law colleges?", "text": "LUCKNOW: Law colleges affiliated to Lucknow University are running on their whims and fancies. The eight law colleges of the city lack in infrastructure, have faculty shortage, unqualified and unapproved principals, and skewed student-teacher ratio. And, even though LU has sent three notices seeking explanation on these irregularities, more than four colleges have not given their reply.The university carried out an inspection of eight law colleges on April 27-28 last year. The LU team found that the law schools were compromising with the standards of legal education. The team its report pointed out severe irregularities and clear violation of BCI and UGC norms. Shockingly, out of eight law colleges, five are running without unapproved principals.Last November, the university had issued show cause notices to the law institutions. Till January, only one college -- Unity Law College -- had sent a reply, which too was found unsatisfactory. Remaining seven -- Babasaheb Bhimrao Ambedkar Law College, Excel Law College, St Mother Teresa Law College, Lucknow Law College, City Academy Law College, Narvadeshwar Law College and Hiralal Yadav Law College had overlooked the university notice.University's officiating Registrar RP Singh said: \"At least three reminders have been given to these colleges. In case, they do not remove the anomalies before the beginning of next academic session, we will be forced to initiate the de-affiliation process against them.'' Senior faculty members in LU law department said the university is unwilling to take any action against these colleges. \"These colleges either belong to a minister or a retired faculty or a judge. The university keeps delaying the matter and gives false assurances to de-affiliate them. The only sufferers are the students,'' said a teacher.Interestingly, having failed to remove the anomalies, two law colleges -- City Academy Law College and Unity Law College -- had applied for permanent affiliation while Hiralal Yadav College is seeking university's permission to begin LLB five-year course. And the concerned university teachers are sure that the colleges will find their way.The high court on June 18, 2010, had directed LU to carry an inspection of all law colleges in the city and furnish details of the total infrastructure, appointment and qualification of teachers and principals with their salaries on a writ petition filed by Prashant Mishra, president, National Post-Graduate Law Association.\"Law is no more a legal profession. The law colleges are merely doing business and minting degrees. There are no proper classes and no qualified teachers. Moreover, how can we think of university to take an action when they themselves are running their self-finance law course without any permanent faculty,'' said Prashant. He added that inspection of these law colleges was done just for the sake of it. \"It's only on papers. We need people with correct intentions to stop running these institutes,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12420962", "title": "Government seems keen to expand services sector beyond tourism", "text": "A budget presented within days of a government coming to power amidst an overwhelming mandate and a sea of expectation can afford to be bold in terms of its political statement. At the same time, coming at a time when the economic scenario in not only at the state, but national and global-level, is not too encouraging, the budget can't be expected to make unrealistic projections which will be difficult to deliver. Taking these two as the basic parameters, the budget 2012-2013 presented yesterday by chief minister Manohar Parrikar balances bold political statements with cautious economic pronouncements and the balance appears to hold well for the moment.The political dimension of the budget needs to be assessed against the backdrop of the election campaign which brought the BJP back to power. While zero tolerance for corruption became a major poll plank, in terms of a clear policy outline it had to be couched in simple administrative terms. In that sense the budget makes a radical departure from the past by emphasizing effectively on strengthening the efficiency, transparency and accountability of the administration and linking it to the delivery system with penalties for delays. Indeed a bold statement, given the fact that undoing years of systemic stasis takes time and one just hopes that the dark underbelly of Goa's politics doesn't start operating too soon to derail the effort.But then politics is not just about governance and administration, it is also about managing competing and often conflicting interests together to take the politics of consensus to a higher level altogether. By being quite vocal about the need to urgently address the pending issues of tribal welfare by allocating an unprecedented ` 300 crore in addition to the ` 170.50 crore plan provision, this has perhaps been the boldest statement on Goa's most marginal communities in the recent times. Not to mention the ` 2 crore allocation for the proposed Goa state commission for minorities. Clearly the government appears to be fairly clear about the need to take the hitherto 'marginal' groups along. On the lighter side, the state subsidy to pilgrims pre-empts the pre election politics of pilgrimage that came under the election commission scanner recently.It is on the economic front where one sees a cautious optimism, perhaps justifiably so. While the CM has stuck to his landmark promise of reducing the petrol price by ` 11, he has tried his best to justify (in the post poll discussion on a local channel) that this promise was unlike the Tamil Nadu election promise of colour TVs, and was rationally worked out after making all possible revenue generation calculations. Though there is no landmark announcement on the industrial front, the industry leaders are already exuding confidence over the proposal for wider infrastructural development with public private partnership, revival of IT habitat, creation of human resource development centre (which could have had a greater mandate than proposed). With a clear statement on inviting banking and finance companies to set up their operations in Goa, it is evident that the government is keen to expand the services sector beyond tourism. That the industry is pinning greater hopes on the present CM is more on account of his promise of delivery and good governance and would not mind a more restricted benefit regime for the time being was clear from the pre and post budget responses of the industry.That is precisely the reason why the budget is clearer in its articulation about other critical sectors such as agriculture and mining. It clearly seeks agricultural revival in the state by making it more remunerative for the farmer and in the process eliminate the dependence of Goa on other states specially in vegetable and milk. Economists would tell, however, that agrarian revival has also to do with certain economies of scale, which would link growth to the quantum of output that is produced rather than price incentives alone. With the outrage that had been witnessed over illegal mining, it was but expected that the budget statement would reflect strongly (and it has done so) on review of all mining leases, monitoring and environmental compliances and pollution penalty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "12420993", "title": "Parrikar: Zero tolerance to illegal mining", "text": "PORVORIM: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Monday assured members of the state legislative assembly and the people of the state that he will not allow a single rupee's worth of illegal ore to be exported from Goa.Replying to a question during zero hour, Parrikar said, \"I will personally monitor illegal mining in the state\". Assuring the house that he will put the mining department in place by April 1, Parrikar said that only legal ining would be permitted in the state. \"Zero tolerance for illegal mining means zero tolerance,\" he emphasized.He also appealed to the people to immediately contact him if they come across any illegal mining activities in their area.Stating that the mining department issued trading licenses even during the election process, the chief minister said, \"I will restrict trading licenses. Only genuine traders will be permitted after conducting a case-by-case study.\" Parrikar added that he will not renew trading licences after March 31.Stressing upon \"harsh treatment to be given to those involved in illegal mining\", Parrikar said that even the royalty challan issued to the Mormugao Port Trust while exporting iron ore will be reviewed.Leader of opposition Pratapsingh Rane, during zero hour, demanded an investigation into the recent illegal extraction and transportation of iron ore at Morlem. Rane said that the plot belonged to the irrigation department.Stating that there exists a company involved in purchasing and storing ore in the plot at Kotambi, Rane said, \"I want an inquiry into Rotomac Company-who owns this company and who is instigating illegal mining.\" Reiterating that illegal mining needs to be stopped, Rane said that the mining lease in question is in the name of Patil from Pune in Maharashtra.Replying to Rane, Parrikar assured him of taking action and asked the house to give him some time to curb illegal mining activities in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12425701", "title": "Spate in dacoities causes panic", "text": "KANPUR: With about two murders in four strikes on the outskirts of the city within a span of six days, the criminal tribes had left the police on tenterhooks. Beginning the strike in Bithoor on Tuesday, the criminal tribes have already claimed two lives and left 12 people critically injured. The police had failed to work out even a single case.Nothing much had been done by the police except passing of messages on the wireless sets, asking the counterparts to continue patrolling at night.This year, there is a slight change in the modus operandi. The criminal tribes opted summer instead of rainy season, which is known to be their favourite period.Senior police officials held a meeting on Monday to review the law and order situation in the rural pockets of the district in the wake of a sudden spurt in the crime and increasing incidents of robbery and murder.At the meeting, which lasted for several hours, officials told the juniors to set up special check posts and increase night vigil.Sources said that the incidents could also be the fallout of political rivalry after the Assembly elections.Surveillance and vigil had been stepped in over two dozen villages in Bithoor, Shivrajpur, Billhaur, Sachendi, Kalyanpur, Barra, Chakeri, Panki and Naubasta. Some villages were hit by burglars and Kaccha Banyan gangs in the recent past.The migrant labourers also indulge in criminal activities. Unskilled labourers from Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan or Bihar, who does not make more than Rs 40-50 a day in their native place or sometimes go without food, easily earn Rs 100 or more in UP.Many of them, over the years, have become skilled labourers and earn handsomely.But there are also those who want to make quick money and commit heinous crimes like murder. A large number of them manage to escape from the clutches of law because their antecedents are not known.A police officer said the cops often find it difficult to apprehend migrant labourers because the employers never keep their details.\"Some criminal gangs from Madhya Pradesh and Rajasthan operate as 'Kaccha Banyan' or `Bawariya' in the guise of migrant labourers,\" he added.Meanwhile, police claimed to have got some clues which could lead to arrest of the culprits.DIG Amitabh Yash said: \"A special police team comprising STF sleuths had been assigned the task to arrest criminals involved in these crimes. Raids are being conducted at the possible hideouts.\"According to sources, the police interrogated several suspects. On the basis of information given by them, the police are trying to nab the criminals involved in the crimes. Police also do not rule out the involvement of the local criminals in the dacoities. Since the crimes were committed one after the other, the police are investigating these cases from different angles, sources said.The ruthless criminal activities have led to panic in Shivrajpur and Bithoor. The latest case was on Monday night, when dacoits barged into the house of Shivnath Singh Yadav in Lodhar Ka Purwa village in Bithoor. Three robberies were reported within a span of six days and now villagers says that they live in fear. \"Every time I go for a sleep, I don't know whether I'll see my family the next morning,\" says Kripalu Yadav, a resident of Bithoor.But the case that has struck fear across is the brutal dacoity that took place in Shivrajpur in the house of Shailendra Singh Yadav, whose two children were battered to death during a robbery on Friday night.For an average villager, the deployment of police is meaningless.\"Most of these villages are at least two to three km away from the nearest police outpost or station. With no transport facility, the distance seems to be too much. So, whenever a dacoity occurs, the time taken to inform the police and for cops to arrive at the scene of the crime is enough for the dacoits to escape,\" says a villager.The villagers allege that the police approach is also not upto the mark as the cops initially refuse to register an FIR. \"This they do to keep their record clean,\" says Anil.The cops says that police presence in every village is not possible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12425160", "title": "Green leaf prices to be declared on Saturdays", "text": "GUWAHATI: Tea producers of Golaghat district in upper Assam have decided to announce the minimum base price of green leaves every Saturday. The announced price will effective for the next week.The producers are of the opinion that announcing the base price will help tea growers be aware of the prevailing rate of green leaves in the market and ensure transparency in the procurement process.A meeting organized by the North Eastern Tea Association (NETA), in association with the Golaghat District Small Tea Growers' Association, on Monday also decided that the minimum standard of acceptable quality of green leaves will be announced from time to time. Officials of 30 factories and 10 representatives of green leaf growers took part in the meeting.The decisions assume significance at a time when small tea growers across the state have been complaining that there has been an abrupt drop in the price of green tea leaves as factories are reluctant to buy their produce. Stakeholders say that poor quality is one of the factors which has contributed to the drop in procurement of green tea leaves.The producers and tea growers have also decided to spread awareness about supplying green tea leaves in a good condition to factories, spraying of the right pesticide for different pests and diseases and the correct interval between pesticide spraying and plucking.\"Everybody present at the meeting felt it necessary to maintain self-discipline in the green leaf trade so that it is a win-win situation for both the leaf sellers and the tea manufacturers. It has become imperative to emphasize on the quality aspect. We decided to bring awareness among small tea growers to pluck leaves within a certain period of time, normally once in seven days, which may vary from month to month. As the saying goes, 'tea is made in the field not in the factory',\" NETA chairman Bidyananda Barkakoty said.Golaghat is known for production of good quality tea leaves. There are 11,287 small tea growers here. According to NETA Statistics, there are a total of 72 factories in the district, of which 43 are estate factories and 29 are bought leaf factories.Barkakoty said the Tea Board has chosen Golaghat from five districts of Assam to carry out a study on the price sharing formula (PSF) so that the PSF can be effectively implemented throughout Assam from the tea season 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12421020", "title": "Margao Municipal Council invites expressions of interest for solid waste management projects", "text": "MARGAO: The Margao Municipal Council (MMC) has invited expressions of interest (EoI) from professionals from across the country for empanelment of consultants for solid waste management (SWM) projects of the civic body at Margao.Besides providing expert guidance to the MMC in the task of capping the existing garbage dump at Sonsoddo on scientific lines, the selected consultants are also expected to assist the MMC with their technical expertise in SWM for carrying out projects related to collection, treatment and disposal of solid waste.\"The panel of consultants will be tasked with designing the closure of the dump and preparing a detailed project report (DPR) based on which tenders will be invited for scientific closing of the dump,\" said MMC's chief officer J B Bhingui.The MMC will also place its plan of action before the high court of Bombay at Goa, which is monitoring the progress of the work of the garbage treatment plant at Sonsoddo.The proposal for scientific closure of the Sonsoddo dump on the lines of Gorai dumping ground, Mumbai, was initially mooted by the concessionaire for the solid waste management plant, Fomento. Subsequently, soil testing conducted by an independent laboratory of samples of the dump confirmed the presence of toxic metals. P U Asnani, the SWM expert, in his report had suggested to the MMC that the Sonsoddo garbage dump be capped following specifications of scientific closure as per the municipal solid waste Rules 2000, and that the capping exercise be monitored.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12422771", "title": "CM writes to PM in support of jewellers", "text": "LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Monday wrote to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee urging them to compassionately consider the demands put forth by the jewellers. A delegation of senior office bearers of the UP Saraffa Association had called on the chief minister on Sunday.Presenting the union budget on March 16, the finance minister proposed to raise customs duty on import of gold from existing 2% to 4% besides imposing an excise duty of 1%. He also imposed a new tax called consumer tax of 1% to be levied, if the buyer doesn't give his PAN number.The association is demanding that the customs duty should be kept static at 2%, while the excise duty of 1% should be slashed in the interest of the trade. \"The roll back is in the interest of the country, besides benefiting the trade. Such high tax would promote illegal import of gold, which is not in the interest of any nation,\" said Ravindra Nath Rastogi, general secretary of the association. \"The burden of any additional tax increases the basic input cost, which is ultimately passed onto the consumers,\" said KC Jain, convener of Lucknow Sarrafa Association.They however informed that business worth several thousand crores has suffered in the 10 days of strike. \"Business worth Rs 16,000 crore is stuck up because of state wide protests. This is an under rated estimate as sales normally surge by 20% in the Navaratra and wedding season,\" said Shailesh Rastogi, an old city based jeweller. \"The losses in Meerut, Lucknow, Kanpur, Varanasi and Ghaziabad have been maximum,\" he added.Meanwhile, consumers are finding it difficult to cope up with the strike. In Rampur, for instance, a family exchanged national savings certificates (NSC) instead of gold jewellery at a wedding. According to reports, the families of Raees Bhai and Puttan Bhai of Ajeetpur area agreed on the exchange of NSCs to solemnise the wedding of their children. The only condition was that the families would redeem their certificates into jewellery of the same amount after the agitation ends. \"Once the agitation is over, the opposite party has promised to get gold jewellery of the same amount made,\" said Raees Bhai from Ajeetpur area whose son married the daughter of Puttan Bhai. The two went to the homes of the several jewellers and tried to convince them to sell some jewellery. But things didn't work. Earlier on Sunday, Union coal minister Sriprakash Jaiswal assured striking jewellers in Kanpur that he will raise their issue with the Union finance minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12425555", "title": "Slaughtering of cow leads to tension in Colonelganj", "text": "KANPUR: A cow was slaughtered in Colonelganj area here. The incident led to tension. The residents of the area gheraoed the police station in protest.The incident took place on Sunday night. A cow belonging to Ram Chandra Tripathi of Idgah Colony went missing. Later, it came to light that it was slaughtered near the slaughter house, police said.Nafees Pahadi has been arrested and a case registered against him under Section 120b (punishment and criminal conspiracy) and 153 A (stoking enmity between different groups) of the IPC, the police said.Investigations are on to find out Nafees deliberately wanted to create trouble, police said.Senior police officials rushed to the spot and brought the situation under control. ASP Sanjay Kumar said that the cops are looking for another person involved in the incident. The situation was under control and police have been deployed in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12421543", "title": "Vigilance clean chit to PCS officer", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Taking a complete U-turn in a corruption case against a 1995 batch Punjab Civil Service (PCS) officer, T K Goel, the Punjab vigilance department has filed an untraced report citing no offence was made out against him during the course of one-and-a-half-year investigation.The untraced report giving a clean chit to Goel was filed recently in the court of special vigilance judge, R S Rai, in Mohali. Next date of hearing was fixed for March 29.Goel, a former joint secretary in the department of welfare of SC/BC, was held for allegedly accepting a bribe of Rs 50,000 from Geroge Shubh in his office on September 8, 2010. The bribe was being reportedly accepted for issuing a certificate of Scheduled Caste (SC) to him.At one point of time the vigilance bureau had prepared a chargesheet against Goel and decided to seek prosecution sanction against him in March, 2011.Reliable vigilance sources told TOI, \"The untraced report indicates that complainant Shubh had filed a false complaint against Goel and vigilance investigation failed to establish any motive behind the acceptance of 'bribe' money.\"SP (vigilance) Rajinder Singh confirmed the filing of untraced report.Goel had been suspended after his arrested in the corruption case and was reinstated in November, 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "12421982", "title": "I-T raids ex-MLA\u2019s houses", "text": "BOKARO: State income-tax department raided former Congress MLA Israel Ansari and his brother's house at Kathara in Bermo.Seven teams headed by additional director of I-T department A K Srivastava conducted the raids after receiving a tip-off that Ansari and his kin had amassed disproportionate assets from Kathara Coal Washery of the Central Coalfields Limited (CCL).According to sources, the teams comprising officials of Dhanbad, Ranchi and Patna raided the houses of Ansari and his brother Rahul Baksh in Jhirki area. Residences of CCL and coal traders were also raided as a part of the operation. They are said to be involved with Ansari in coal trade. Srivastava confirmed the news but refused comment on the operation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12422074", "title": "25 injured in bus accident", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A private bus ferrying 50 passengers from Kadakkal to Kulathupuzha in Kollam district rammed into a house in Madathara, injuring 25.Of the 25 injured, 17 were taken to a government hospital in Kollam while eight have been admitted to the Thiruvananthapuram Medical College. \"The accident occurred at around 3.30 pm when driver Aneesh A (34) lost control of the bus due to break failure. He was driving downhill when he lost control of the bus. The vehicle veered off the road, had a bumpy ride across an open drainage and rammed into a compound wall,\" said R Sreejith, civil police officer, Kadakkal police station.The CPO said driver Aneesh did not suffer any injuries.He will remain in police custody and will be produced before the magistrate on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "12421571", "title": "Congress also in favour of clemency", "text": "JALANDHAR: Punjab Pardesh Congress Committee president Capt Amarinder Singh on Monday said his party is also in favour of clemency for Balwant Singh Rajoana.Talking to media persons outside a Chandigarh court, where he had reached to attend a hearing of a corruption case against him, Amarinder said, \"Congress will support every step of state government on the issue of clemency for former CM, Beant Singh's assassination convict.\" He said he is also personally against the provision of capital punishment and it should be turned into life imprisonment.Meanwhile, Shiromani Akali Dal president Sukhbir Singh Badal on Monday appreciated Congress support for getting the death sentence of Rajoana commuted. \"We had appealed to all the parties to extend help in ensuing that peace of Punjab is not disturbed and Rajoana's death sentence is commuted as he has already undergone imprisonment for 17 years,\" Sukhbir said. When asked about his take on BJP's stand, Sukhbir said that only BJP leaders should be asked about it and he would not say anything about the alliance partner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12422745", "title": "Training programme for prosecuting officers of UP", "text": "A five-day special training programme for prosecuting officers of UP under the 13th Finance Commission was organised at the Institute of Judicial Training and Research, UP. Inaugurating the programme, institute director AN Mittal said the prosecuting officers are representatives of the state government in the court and they play a vital role in criminal justice delivery system. He said due to social and economic changes in the country, new laws are enacted. It is therefore important that prosecuting officers keep themselves abreast of the new laws to be able to discharge their responsibilities more efficiently.Farewell: Lt Gen Gautam Ravindranath, Commandant, AMC Centre and College, OIC Records and Colonel Commandant AMC will take over as Director General Medical Services (Army), New Delhi on April 1. He was given a warm send off from AMC Centre and College in Cantonment here. On this occasion, Lt Gen Ravindranath paid homage by laying a wreath at the AMC War Memorial in the memory of the martyrs. Earlier, he was given a 'guard of honour' at AMC Stadium.World Theatre Day: On the occasion of the World Theatre Day, All India Radio is organizing radio drama function at Ganna Sansthan auditorium on Tuesday from 6.30 pm. The plays to be presented include 'Aur shama jalti rahi', 'Patni pirit sangh', 'Rihai', 'Tasveer' and 'Chhuee muee.com'Health camp: Lions Club Lucknow Oudh organised a free health check-up camp at Radha Krishan Mandir, Aishbagh recently. Around 130 persons were examined for blood pressure, blood sugar, dental and general diseases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12423006", "title": "Traditional fishermen take their complaint to DC", "text": "MANGALORE: Traditional fishermen from Baikampady, who had protested a move by MSEZ authorities to lay effluent discharge pipeline near Mukka by laying siege to a dredge and a tug used to tow it on high seas off Mukka coast on Thursday last, represented their plaint to the district administration. A delegation headed by B K Vasudeva, president of the New Mangalore Traditional Country Boat Fishermen's Association met the DC NS Channappa Gowda here on Monday.DC said while the district administration could not meet their demand of cash compensation for the perceived loss of livelihood on account of the effluent discharge pipeline, it was willing to consider any other alternate proposals they put forward. This included providing them with bank linkages for the purchase of mechanized boats for groups of fishermen so as to enable them undertake deep sea multi-day fishing activities.Vasudeva said he would take back the views of the district administration expressed by the DC to the association and revert with their opinion at the general body meeting to be convened on Tuesday. \"We will await their communication and see how their interests can be upheld without endangering their livelihood,\" DC said.There are nearly 3,000 traditional fishermen in villages from Baikampady to Hosabettu. All these people would be affected if due care was not taken at this stage, Vasudeva added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12422615", "title": "Super saver airfare scheme boon for some, bane for others", "text": "MUMBAI: A battle is brewing between airlines , travel portals and passengers over how tickets should be sold or purchased. The sticky situation involves a scheme under which travel portals offer the cheapest airfares available on a given route. The catch is that the name of the airline on which the air ticket has been booked is disclosed to the buyer only after he/she makes the payment for the non-refundable ticket.The scheme was launched about three months ago. TOI wrote about it on February 10 and has since then received many calls from flyers, either cursing or praising the scheme. Now, Jet Airways CEO Nikos Kardassis had criticized the scheme, calling it a \"scam\" . \"Jet Airways has taken up the matter with makemytrip.com and the matter has been resolved. We are in further discussions with them,\" said Kardassis , responding to a query sent by TOI.The said portal and others continue to offer the scheme. With domestic airfares at an all-time high, the question facing flyers is whether these schemes work or are they a scam? \"I booked three air tickets on 12 February on the Mumbai-Patna route for travel on April 20 under yatra.com's super saver airfare scheme. After the amount was paid, I was told that I have been booked on Kingfisher,\" said Ashok Kumar , a HR professional. Last week, he checked with Kingfisher and found that the airline had stopped operating the flight he was booked on. \"When I enquired with yatra.com, they told me the fare will be refunded. That is not the point. I have been cheated, I trusted the portal. They should book me on another airline,\" said Kumar.Like Kumar, there could be hundreds of passengers who unknowingly booked on Kingfisher under this blind-booking scheme only to find later that their flights have been cancelled. But there are passengers who have a different opinion. Rishi Jain (name changed) had to fly to Delhi from Mumbai on Sunday for an urgent meeting. \"On Saturday, the cheapest regular fare on offer was about Rs 6,500 on a Kingfisher flight. I did not want to book on this airline, but the next option was on GoAir and it cost Rs 7,400. So I checked makemytrip.com's special fares and found a ticket for Rs 5,700. I was expecting a Kingfisher ticket, but the ticket turned out to be for a GoAir flight,\" said Jain, adding that in the last one month, he booked at least six flights under the scheme on the Mumbai-Delhi route and all of them turned out to be Kingfisher flights.\"But all the flights were operated and so this scheme is a real saver.\" The difference between a super saver fare and a regular fare (on an airline other than Kingfisher) can be as high as 50%. This is because Kingfisher has replaced GoAir and SpiceJet as the airline with cheapest fares even in the regular booking category, which was not the case about a month ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12423080", "title": "Thanks to reservation, more women are joining politics: Prema", "text": "MYSORE: The practice of female foeticide not only exists in Punjab, Haryana, and Delhi, but also in north Karnataka and in foreign countries, according to Prema Cariappa, chairperson of Central Social Welfare Board.Speaking at a programme to commemorate Women's Day organized by Karnataka State Social Welfare Board at JSS Hospital here on Monday, she said in foreign countries, ultrasound technology is used to check the health of the foetus, but in India, it is used to identify the gender of the baby.Saying that people still believe that only men take care of their parents during their old age, Prema questioned: \"If it is true, why the number of old-age homes and orphanages is increasing across the nation?\"Sharing two instances on the plight of women in society, she said: \"In Haryana, an educated woman has undergone abortion four times to avoid giving birth to a baby girl as her in-laws don't like it. Due to shortage of girls in Gujarat, six men have married one woman.\"According to the 2011 census, there are only 914 females for every 1,000 males, and the shortage of females exists in all districts across the country due to female foeticide, Prema said, adding: \"Ever since the implementation of 33% reservation of women (in Parliament), 10 lakh women are joining politics every year. Also, women are working efficiently in all professions.\"Addressing the gathering, Karnataka State Women Development Corporation chairperson Sarojini Bharadwaj said the increase in divorce cases is a threat to Indian culture.\"Today, getting divorce is easy. In one year, 12,000 persons have applied for divorce in Bangalore. Apart from government, NGOs should work for the upliftment of sex workers. There are 77,000 registered sex workers in the state,\" Sarojini added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12422919", "title": "Suicide at remand home", "text": "MUMBAI: A 24-year-old woman committed suicide by hanging herself from a window in the toilet of a remand home in Mankhurd on Monday. An inmate of the home got suspicious after the deceased, Nisha Singh, did not respond to her calls. The inmate found Singh hanging from a window rod, police said.Singh died before officials could get her to a hospital. Govandi police inspector Mohan Thakur said Singh hadn't left a suicide note behind. She had been arrested during a police raid at a Sewri bar last month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12424572", "title": "Jacqueline to do a Hollywood movie?", "text": "After Aishwarya Rai Bachchan and Bipasha Basu's Hollywood outing, its now model-turned-actress Jacqueline Fernandez , who is all set to make a splash in a Canadian-British venture.The 26-year-old has been approached for 'Definition of Fear', a project that marks the directorial debut of producer James Simpson. \"I have been approached for that. Talks are on, nothing has been finalised yet,\" Jacqueline told PTI in an interview.Born in Sri Lanka, the former beauty queen made her acting debut in 2009 in Bollywood with a fantasy movie titled 'Aladin' alongside Amitabh Bachchan , Ritesh Deshmukh , and then once again appeared alongside Ritesh in the romantic-comedy 'Jaane Kahan Se Aayi Hai'. Both these films were box office duds.However, her last outing was opposite Emraan Hashmi in 'Murder 2', one of the highest grossing films of 2011. Earlier, Aishwarya featured in a Hollywood film, titled 'The Pink Panther 2' and Bipasha Basu would be seen in 'Singularity'.In the meantime, Jacqueline has been signed up for 'Pravegaya', her maiden outing in Sri Lankan film industry. \"I have always had lot of support from Sri Lanka and people have been very nice and supporting me here. There are lots of Bollywood fans there. Right now, our country is shaping up and our glamour and movie industry opening up. I want to be there..either to show support or be part of it some way,\" the former Miss Sri Lanka said.Back home, Jacqueline would be next seen in Sajid Khan's 'Housefull 2' which has ensemble star cast including Akshay Kumar , John Abraham , Asin, Zarine Khan, Rishi Kapoor , Randhir Kapoor, Mithun Chakraborty and Boman Irani.The film releases on April 5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12422427", "title": "Rumbles over \u2018insufficient\u2019 allocation", "text": "MUMBAI: Even as chief minister Prithviraj Chavan praised finance minister Ajit Pawar for presenting a \"balanced budget\" , some colleagues in the state cabinet did not seem overly impressed with it.Minority development minister Naseem Khan expressed his displeasure over \"insufficient\" allocation for his department. Khan is believed to have conveyed his dissatisfaction to Chavan. While the department is believed to have sought a budgetary allocation of Rs 400 crore, the finance department has set aside Rs 249 crore, lower than Rs 274 crore for this year. While Pawar said he had tried to ensure that all departments got their due, a few seemed to have lost out.The financial statement, which was tabled along with the budget speech , showed that the capital outlay on education, sports and arts has decreased 21% to Rs 163 crore in 2012-13 from Rs 208 crore in 2011-12 .Capital outlay on water supply and sanitation decreased 57% to Rs 155 crore in 2012-13 from Rs 365 crore in 2011-12 . Allocation for irrigation and flood-control projects also decreased 6% to Rs 6,849 crore from Rs 7,277 crore. No capital outlay was made for road transport against Rs 150 crore in 2011-12 .Urban development department, on the other hand, has been allocated Rs 33 crore against Rs 14.69 lakh. Outlays also increased for fisheries, forestry and wildlife, agriculture research and education, and irrigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12422375", "title": "Facebook helps cop nab thieves", "text": "INDORE: The social networking site has helped the police crack a theft case wherein two students were arrested after they allegedly picked a motor-bike from a mall a few days ago.The police have arrested Ayush Rai, a resident of Anuppur and Abhishek Tiwari, a resident of Shahdol, after tracking them with the help of the Facebook. Tukoganj police station inspector Ashok Tiwari said a motorbike of Nikhilesh Khandelwal was stolen from the Treasure Island parking on March 14. The CCTV camera installed in the parking captured the image of thieves, he said.Later, the footage was matched with other CCTV cameras installed in the mall, said Tiwari. It was found out with the help of footage that they had consumed liquor in a bar at the mall and had also done purchasing on the basis of footage. Guessing them student, police tried to find out the accused on Facebook and traced them to Bhopal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "12420985", "title": "Anant Shet unanimously elected as dy speaker", "text": "PORVORIM: Mayem Bharatiya Janata Party MLA Anant Shet on Monday was unanimously elected as the deputy speaker of the Goa state legislative assembly.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar and health minister Laximikant Parsekar moved the motion to elect Anant Shet as the deputy speaker and Saligao MLA Dilip Parulekar and Sanquelim MLA Pramod Sawant seconded the motion.\"As there is only one candidate for the post of deputy speaker, I hereby declare Anant Shet as elected unanimously the deputy speaker of the house,\" said speaker Rajendra Arlekar.Anant Shet was escorted to his chair by Parrikar and leader of opposition Pratapsingh Rane.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "12421546", "title": "Another narcotics smuggling bid from Pakistan foiled", "text": "AMRITSAR: In another narcotics smuggling bid from across the international border, as many as three unidentified Pakistani smugglers tried to smuggle in 14 kg of highly refined Afghanistan-made heroin, valued at around Rs 70 crore in the international market, to India from near Daoke border outpost in the wee hours of Monday.Deputy inspector general, BSF, R P S Jaswal told TOI that a patrolling party of 163 Battalion of BSF spotted some suspicious movement about 40 metres inside Indian territory and challenged the intruders, who instead opened fire at the BSF party.Following the exchange of fire, the Pakistani smugglers fled back to their country. Later, during a search operation carried out on Monday morning, they recovered 14 packets of 1 kg each heroin, which was left behind by the Pak smugglers before fleeing, he said.BSF also recovered three empty cartridges. He said movement of Pak smugglers was noticed by a BSF jawan, using hand held thermal imagers.Earlier on March 19, BSF had shot dead three Pakistani smugglers while they were trying to smuggle 22 kg heroin, valued at around Rs 110 crore in international market, through Indo-Pak border near Amarkot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12453932", "title": "Bunny\u2019s \u2018Julayi\u2019 in Vishakhapatnam", "text": "Stylish Star Allu Arjun's action entertainer 'Julayi' is currently being shot in and around the city of Visakhapatnam and shooting is progressing at a fast pace.The movie is being directed by Trivikram and Ileana is the heroine. Natakireeti Dr. Rajendra Prasad is portraying a key role in the film and he will be seen as a police officer.The movie is gearing up for a June release and Devi Sri is scoring the music.The movie is being produced by Radhakrishna and Danayya is the presenter.Source: 123telugu.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12422009", "title": "Chandere is standing committee chief", "text": "PUNE: Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) corporator Baburao Chandere was elected the chairman of the Pune Municipal Corporation's (PMC) standing committee on Monday.Even though the battle for the coveted post had become interesting in the backdrop of a rift between the NCP and the Congress, the two parties got together on Monday bringing about an easy win for Chandere.The triangular fight for the post had become a straight one between Chandere and Bharatiya Janata Party's (BJP) Shreenath Bhimale, with the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) withdrawing its candidate Kishor Shinde from the battle.Chandere won nine votes, NCP six and Congress three, while Bhimale won four votes, BJP's three and one vote of Shiv Sena . The three MNS members in the standing committee abstained from voting.Chandere, who won the civic elections for the second time on NCP's ticket this year, was a member of the standing committee in his previous term. \"Issues regarding water supply and traffic are my priority. I got a chance to become the chairman of the standing committee due to my work in the party,\" he told reporters.The new standing committee chairman is expected to present the civic budget for this financial year. He said he would organise a meeting in the next two days to finalise the details of the budget.The standing committee, which has 16 members, is one of the most important civic panels with several key decisions needing approval of this committee. The chairman has the power to cast his decisive vote in case of a tie on any issue. The post of the chairman is considered as the second most important post after the mayor's in the process of decision making.Vasant More, MNS leader in the house, said his party felt that the post of the standing committee chairman should go to the party with the majority. He refused to elaborate when asked if it meant that the MNS was supporting the NCP.Meanwhile, some 50-odd NCP workers celebrated the victory of Chandere on the streets of Baner by organizing a rally around 6 in the evening which is the peak traffic time. Onlookers said the rally blocked the one-way traffic going towards Balewadi for a good 2-3 hours. The procession was accompanied by a loud-thumping band and a DJ.Dipesh Pandey, a resident of Baner said, \"The traffic jam looked never-ending as the number of revelers kept increasing. The worst part is that there was no police constable in the entire rally.\"Revati Chauhan, a student who lives in Baner, said, \"We have our university exams on hand but due to the noise I couldn't focus on my studies.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12422729", "title": "5 IAS officers shifted", "text": "LUCKNOW: In another reshuffle, the government transferred five IAS officers on Monday and posted them as district magistrates. Special secretary, rural development, Righiyan Samfil has been made district magistrate of Kushinagar while Prabhu Narain Singh, who was awaiting posting, is now district magistrate of Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj Nagar. Balkar SIngh, who was also awaiting posting, has been made the district magistrate of Jaunpur, while A V Rajmauli has been made the district magistrate of Ramabai Nagar. Shanmuga Sunderam, district magistrate, Hardoi, has been transferred to GB Nagar in the same capacity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12422874", "title": "Up, up and away", "text": "CHENNAI: There is likely to be a spurt in property registrations in the next four days with the government announcing in the state budget on Monday that guideline values for property registration will be hiked from April 1.Guideline value is the minimum price for land fixed by government for registration of properties. Through periodical changes in guideline values, on which stamp duty and registration fees are based, the government keeps pace with shifts in market prices. The guideline values were last revised in 2007.With the revision, the valuation of urban properties will be up by 170% and rural and agricultural land by 270%. Kancheepuram district is expected to be increased by 1,600% as a sizeable portion of the district lies in outlying regions of Greater Chennai.The revision is expected to have a negative fallout in the initial two months, when property registrations may slow down, said an official. But registrations are bound to pick up in the medium to long term, he said.The government also announced a 1% cut in stamp duty, from 6% to 5%, with effect from April 1. The 2% surcharge (collected for development of local bodies like corporations, municipalities and village panchayats) and 1% registration fee, however, will continue without any change. In effect, overall registration charges will come down from 9% to 8%. Stamp duty for a property worth Rs 50 lakh will be Rs 50,000.The hike in guideline values is expected to increase the registration department's revenue by Rs 1,000 crore, taking it closer to the Rs 8,700 crore mark in the next financial year. The state had mobilised Rs 5,740 crore through registration of properties till the end of February. By now, it should have crossed the projected mark of Rs 6,000 crore. Registrations worth Rs 500 crore are expected in the next four days, the official said.The draft of the new guideline values was published last October and after taking feedback from more than 1,000 people, the final draft was released in November. The document is yet to be notified by the government.\"The revision will not only help augment our revenue collection, but also curb black money in property deals,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12423248", "title": "Salaries, pensions grab lion\u2019s share of TN state budget", "text": "CHENNAI: Salaries of the 12-lakh government employees and pensions constitute a chunk of the state government's budgetary allocation. This year's budget allocation for salary of government employees for the year 2012-13 shows a 11.5% hike compared to last year, when salaries increased by 9.9%. The increment is even more significant in the case of pensioners. While last year saw only a 3.8% increment in pensions, the state government this year hiked it to 14.02 %.The allocation for salaries this year is 29,212.36 crore and for pension it is 13,023.50 crore. The hike came about following implementation of wages as per the Sixth Pay Commission recommendations.\"Though arrears under the Sixth Pay Commission recommendations have been fully paid, periodic hikes in Dearness Allowance, increment and filling up of vacancies keep the expenditure high in the above categories,\" said finance minister O Panneerselvam while presenting the budget. \"Together, salaries and pensions constitute 43% of the total revenue expenditure in this budget.\"In addition to this, the state government has also increased the housing loan limit from 10 lakh to 25 lakh to accommodate rising housing costs.Moreover, medical cover for them too has been expanded from 2 lakh to 4 lakh. For pensioners, financial assistance in the event of death has been raised from Rs 25,000 to Rs 35,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12422150", "title": "Use funds for Kas plateau's conservation, say greens", "text": "PUNE: Kas plateau in Satara district will benefit from its share of the Rs 228-crore budget allocation. The plateau is known for its sea of flowers and is one of the proposed UNESCO World Heritage sites in the Western Ghats.However, environmentalists said the allocation must be used for conservation, rather than construction of roads and other developmental works that will bring more tourists.The Rs 228 crore allocation for the tourism sector includes conservation and development of Lonar lake, Kas plateau, sea-world and theme park tourism projects in Sindhudurg district in Konkan, improvement of roads to the beaches and house-boat projects.Sandeep Shrotri, president of Ranwata Nature and Conservation Mandal, Satara said that development of Kas plateau should focus on a nature centre or on biodiversity conservation and not used for construction of roads for easy access to tourists. \"Tourism should be regulated,'' he said.\"Both in-situ conservation with the help of local villagers and ex-situ conservation by encouraging tissue culture by growing plants in labs and replanting them in the natural site can be taken up,'' he said.Aparna Watve, who has studied rock outcrops in Maharashtra, including Kas plateau said the allocation will look at an urban perspective for tourism. But, local communities, who are conserving and managing this area should be given facilities.Satara's district collector Ramaswamy N said the allocation will provide amenities to people and help conservation in Kas plateau.\"We have received Rs 2.2 crore from the state government this year. The funds will be spent for fencing the area that will keep vehicles away from the plateau, there will be a study centre that will show slideshows and presentations to make people aware of Kas plateau,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12423095", "title": "SC notice to CBI on Nupur's plea for Arushi case verdict review", "text": "NEW DELHI: Eighty days after asking Rajesh and Nupur Talwar to face trial in the Aarushi-Hemraj double murder case, the Supreme Court on Friday issued notice to the CBI on a review plea by the slain girl's mother, who said the trial court judge ignored \"conclusive evidence\" against the servants and erred by summoning parents as accused.While giving a ray of hope to the Talwars in the rollercoaster ride of the case in which they have been exonerated and indirectly implicated, the apex court, however, refused to entertain Nupur's plea for a stay of the ongoing trial during the pendency of her review plea.When her counsel, senior advocates Harish Salve and Pinaki Misra, said the next date of hearing before the trial court was on April 11 and sought an interim stay on the trial, a bench of Justices A K Patnaik and J S Khehar said: \"Let it go on as it is not going to end immediately. Let us hear the other side.\"In the May 16, 2008, double murder in Noida, the CBI had filed a closure report before a Ghaziabad court. But, the trial Judge on February 9, 2011, took into account alleged circumstantial evidence against Talwars and had summoned them to face trial. An apex court bench of Justices A K Ganguly and J S Khehar had on January 6 upheld the trial court decision.Since Justice Ganguly has retired, Nupur's review petition came up for consideration in chamber before a bench of Justices A K Patnaik and Khehar, which decided to hear her review petition in the open court. Nupur's main grievance in the review plea was that the trial court ignored \"clinching piece of evidence which clearly spells the name of the real culprit\".\"As per the record available with the magistrate, the blood and DNA of one of the victims, Hemraj, was found on the pink pillow cover seized from the residence of the erstwhile accused Krishna Thadarai, which conclusively shows the servants' involvement in the crime,\" she said. The CBI had seized the pillow cover from Krishna's residence on the basis of disclosures made by him in the narco-analysis test, she added.Nupur said between May 15 and 16, she and her husband had not changed their dresses, on which no trace of Hemraj's blood was found by the investigating agency after a DNA analysis by Central Forensic Science Laboratory. Only Aarushi's blood was found on their dress which was natural, Salve said.\"All the scientific tests throughout, including narco-analysis and brain mapping for which they themselves had volunteered to undergo, had exonerated them totally whereas in case of servants, the results of these tests have implicated them,\" the petition said while pleading for review of the apex court's earlier judgment and quashing of the HC judgment. Salve said the CBI has carefully chosen to ignore all those circumstantial and direct evidence against the servants and given a slant to the non-existent evidence to portray the parents as accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12423090", "title": "Noon is the preferred time to party for GenY", "text": "MYSORE: Noon parties are catching up in Mysore. It's not only the night parties which are doing good, but the noon ones too are making their arrival felt. Going with the trend, all the pubs in Mysore have started hosting noon parties to facilitate teenagers, especially the students, to let their hair down and enjoy.For student Vaibhav Yamdagni, 20, noon parties help them get permission from parents for partying. \"I can get into noon parties soon after finishing classes on Saturday afternoon. There, I have a blast and return home by evening. But the same can't be said about late-night parties as my parents object to such outings,\" he says.Does he like music at noon parties? \"I like Bollywood music, which is churned out in night parties more often. Hard music is not my cup of tea,\" says Vaibhav. It is personal invitation from Amir Pasha which makes him to participate in noon parties. \"I can dance with my friends in noon parties. Moreover, I will also get personal invitation from my friends who host such parties. The gathering in noon parties differs completely from that of night parties. The presence of more youths sends the spirits soaring. It's all the more colourful if there are some famous DJs on the console. But night parties have people of all ages,\" says Amir.Noon parties depend on seasons. M Sridhar, event manager at a pub, said: \"We organize noon parties depending on seasons. We won't organize noon parties during exam season, as the crowds would be thin then. Students come in hordes to noon parties, even though we don't hold such parties specifically for them. Music and timing do matter when it comes to attracting the youth,\" he says.Another event manager Prabhuswamy S said: \"Students in Mysore are conservative... they won't like to venture out for late-night parties. Instead, they prefer noon parties. That's why noon parties are becoming popular in Mysore.\"Local DJ Kaleem Pasha, who has been churning out music both at noon and night parties, said: \"Revellers in noon parties like Bollywood music. In terms of crowd, noon parties are bigger than that of night parties. Noon parties have student community, whereas the night ones have guests who have complete knowledge of music. But the energy level is high at noon parties,\" Kaleem added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12422970", "title": "State invests in future, school education gets Rs 14,552 crore", "text": "CHENNAI: The state has invested in the future with an allocation of Rs 14,552.82 crore for school education - the highest allotment to any department in the budget. The money will be spent on free uniforms, footwear, school bags, accessories like geometry boxes and colour pencils, textbooks and notebooks apart from school infrastructure and other expenses. Educationists described the decision to give priority to school education as progressive and farsighted. However, they said efficient spending of the allocation and timely release of funds for various projects would be crucial to ensure that the sector gets the fillip it requires.They noted that funds for Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan had reportedly more than doubled over the past two years but there had not been a commensurate improvement in the standard of education or infrastructure under the scheme.The Planning Allocations Institutions Studies and Accountability report released by Pratham Foundation recently said the shortage of separate toilet facilities for girls had gone down only marginally from 30% in 2009 to 27% in 2011, while the shortfall of classrooms matched the 2009 figure of 50% in 2011, after a dip in 2010 when the shortage went down to 47%.\"Based on unit costs available for teachers' salaries, construction of classrooms and toilets, and provision of drinking water facilities, PAISA estimated the state's total cost to meet Right To Education norms at 815 crore,\" an education analyst said. PAISA is a project that tracks elementary education in the country.However, some educationists criticized the cash incentive to reduce the dropout rate in classes 10, 11 and 12 have as a populist measure. State Platform for Common School System general secretary P B Prince Gajendra Babu said, \"All parents now want to send their children to school. So instead of offering such rewards for children to stay in school, the funds should have been used to improve quality of education.\"Academics lauded the free laptop scheme that students are thrilled about.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "12422547", "title": "After Bo exit, UK asks China to investigate Briton\u2019s death", "text": "BEIJING: The United Kingdom foreign office on Monday asked Beijing to investigate \"suspicions and rumours surrounding the death\" of British citizen Neil Heywood, who died in November last year in Chongqing. There were blog postings on the Chinese Internet suggesting that Heywood had provided some services to purged Chinese leader Bo Xilai's family.Bo was expected to be promoted to the Politburo Standing Committee of the Communist Party of China, the highest political body in the country, later this year. He was recently axed as the party head of Chongqing city after his deputy, Wang Lijun, took refuge in the US Consulate in the nearby city of Chengdu.\"We have asked the Chinese authorities to investigate the case further after suggestions that there were suspicious circumstances involved in his death,\" the UK office was quoted by Fairfax as saying.Reports suggest the Heywood case is connected to the fight between Bo and his deputy, Wang, after the latter was dismissed as the police chief of Chongqing. Wang was investigating charges that Heywood was poisoned even after the case had been closed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12421492", "title": "2 held for stealing rear-view mirrors", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two persons were arrested in south Delhi for stealing rear-view mirrors of luxury cars in the capital.The south district police seized 31 rear-view mirrors costing around Rs 15000-40,000 from accused Irshad, 22, and Faiyaz, 32. They were arrested after cops analyzed CCTV footage.\"Many cases of theft of costly rear-view mirrors from expensive cars like Mercedes Benz , BMW , Skoda , Toyota , Honda City , were reported in different areas of south Delhi. We analyzed footage of a CCTV camera installed at a house, close to where one such incident had taken place. The footage showed an Alto car moving suspiciously in the morning,\" said Chhaya Sharma, DCP (south).The arrested confessed to their crime. The mirrors ultimately reached people in Jama masjid area and Meerut, police said. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12422291", "title": "Fee regulatory body for private schools soon", "text": "BHOPAL: The state will soon have a fees regulatory committee for schools on the lines of that existing for the propfessional institutions.It is learnt that the school education is preparing a draft bill in the regard and if it gets the cabinet nod and is passed by the state assembly then the committe would be in existence by the next academic session.Sabhajeet Yadav, director Public Instructions (DPI) said, \"The Private School Regulatory Bill is currently being drafted. If all goes well, the committee will come into existence from July\".He added, \"The bill would ensure that private schools adhere to basic norms while fixing the fees and students are not exploited. Also, monopoly in the sale of books and stationery should be curbed with a view to some recent incidents.\"But the principals of the private schools seem far from happy.Ajay Sharma, president of the Sahodaya Group and principal of DPS said, \"The fees regulatory committee should keep in mind the facilities and the infrastructure being provided by the private schools. The fees decided should be proportionate to the same. Also the amenities being provided are better than the government schools.\"PS Kalra, principal of IPS agreed, \"The fees should commensurate with the facilities and the quality of education being provided in the private schools which have spent crores. on the infrastructre. If the school education department decides to go the technical education department way, then it would not be in the favour of the schools.\"On the subject of monopoly in the sale of textbooks he said, \"Based on an RTI query the private schools are being told that the curriculum has to be based on NCERT guidelines. The NCERT books does not cover the entire syllabus hence private publishers may print the same curriculum.\" He added, \" the NCERT books are printed on subsidised paper. It is hence unfair to compare prices with that of private publishers who do not get such subsidies.\"\"The government is simply imposing its ways on the private schools.We might move court against the move,\" Kalra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12422637", "title": "Bank told to pay Rs 10 lakh for nudging customer", "text": "JAIPUR: Asking for a sum of Rs 1,032 from a customer whose outstanding dues were merely 43 paise proved costly for a private bank. A district consumer court has asked the bank to deposit a compensation of Rs 10 lakh as settlement in the case lodged by the victim.Rajnikant Sharma had taken a personal loan of Rs 1.75 lakh from ICICI Bank in 2008. After he paid three instalments the bank authorities introduced a service tax that was resisted by Sharma. He asked the bank if he could make the full and final payment. Later the bank authorities told him that Rs he owed the bank 1,66,677 and 43 paise.\"The customer immediately made the payment of Rs 1,66,677 through cheque. However, 43 paise was still due. After that the bank sent Sharma a notice stating that a payment of 43 paise was still due. Sharma made the payment of Rs 1 through cheque but a month later he got a notice from the bank that Rs 1,032 was still due. Thus he approached the consumer court for remedy,\" a source from the consumer court said on Monday.Aas Karan Prajapat, the presiding officer of district consumer forum and Hemlata Agarwal, member, district consumer forum, apart from commenting on the bank also imposed a penalty of Rs 10 lakh on it.\"The consumer would be given Rs 25,000 while the rest would be deposited in the Consumer Protection Fund,\" a source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12425441", "title": "Neha Bhasin won't sing in her acting debut", "text": "The singer has intentionally kept away from singing in 'Life Ki Toh Lag Gayi' where she plays the female lead.Singer Neha Bhasin known for her chartbuster songs like 'Dhunki' from Mere Brother ki Dulhan and 'Kuch Khaas Hai' from Fashion is bitten by the acting bug. She will make her acting debut with the film Life Ki Toh Lag Gayi .Interestingly Neha won't be lending her voice to any song in her debut film. \"I have intentionally kept away from singing\", says Neha. \"In fact I am not even doing a music video for the film\". But why such a drifting decision? \"I guess it becomes a little confusing for the audience to know whether I am a singer or an actress or both in the film. So I chose to play the role of only an actor\".Her character in the film is named Chandigarh Dolly. \"Due to some circumstances, she gets messed up in her life. So the title\", she smiles. \"The idea behind the film is that whether you are an actor or a contractor or anybody, in a city like Mumbai, everyone is messed up\".The film stars Kay Kay Menon and Ranvir Shorey alongside her. \"I know Ranvir since my Channel V days. He has an aura about him which says I know what I am doing and you don't know what you are doing. So I was a little scared of him\", laughs Neha. \"But Kay Kay was very quiet and am happy that I had only one scene with him else I couldn't have performed in front of him\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12423142", "title": "Jewellers on indefinite strike now", "text": "SURAT: About 15,000 jewellery showroom in south Gujarat have shut down for an indefinite period on Monday to support the strike call given by the All India Gems and Jewellery Trade Federation (GJF) and various affiliated jewellery associations across the country to protest the one per cent levy of excise on the precious metal jewellery in the Union Budget 2012.The jewellery showrooms in Surat and south Gujarat region have been observing a complete closure since March 17, a day after finance minister proposed one per cent levy of excise duty on the branded and unbranded precious metal jewellery in the Union Budget-2012.Regional chairman, GJF, Deepak Choksi said, \"The jewellery retail outlets and showrooms across south Gujarat in particular and Gujarat in general have supported the nation-wide indefinite strike to press for the demand of rolling back of the excise duty on branded and unbranded jewellery.\"Chairman, Gems and Jewellery Export Promotion Council (GJEPC), Rajiv Jain said, \"It's our apprehension as an industry that imposition of excise may lead to unscrupulous state of affairs. Also, an increase of import duty on Gold from one per cent to four per cent would increase the probabilities of trafficking of gold into the country through illegal channels.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12421095", "title": "Beant kin rally around Badal govt on ex-CM killer's fate", "text": "NEW DELHI: The family of assassinated Punjab CM Beant Singh said it would back the Akali Dal government in any step that would help strengthen peace in Punjab, a statement seen as support to clemency being sought for convict Balwant Singh Rajoana.Ravneet Bittu, Congress Lok Sabha MP and grandson of the slain CM, told TOI, \"Punjab's normal situation should not be stirred again. The state government can take any step it thinks is in the interest of peace in Punjab. We will back whatever it decides.\" The statement reads like support to the Akal Thakht demand.Bittu's statement, offered as the view of the Beant Singh family, could extricate the Badal government from the tight spot that the Sikh temporal seat has pushed it into by demanding that the death sentence for Rajoana, due to be carried out in a few days, be commuted.Sources said Congress wanted to steer clear of the case as it did in other sensitive issues with political overtones like the demand that the death sentence to conspirators in the Parliament attack and Rajiv Gandhi killing be set aside.The party called the sentencing of Rajoana a \"legal process\" in which the assembly has no role. AICC spokesman Abhishek Singhvi said, \"These issues proceed under a legal and constitutional process and reach a certain point. Whatever any Assembly may say, it cannot have any legal or Constitutional impact.\"The view appeared designed to avoid a clear stand that might risk inviting the ire of the aggrieved group.\"The death sentences have not been carried out in a long time. Let it reach the court and the President, and it would be pending for a while and decided by them,\" a key Punjab leader said.Congress is wary of statements from its stable that could invite trouble just when the Badal regime is grappling with the problem. Though the clemency demand appears dictated by hardliners and the CM's acquiescing into it belies recent analyses that the Akali Dal had moved away from its religious agenda, many in Congress feel the case may be far more complex.It is argued that radical groups favour death for Rajoana, hoping it would stir the hard-line sentiment and tilt scales in their favour. A strong reaction in Punjab society would end up pushing Akali Dal politics rightwards, effectively giving them the control that they seem to lack right now.\"That is the reason why Rajoana has not appealed against the sentence anywhere,\" a Congress leader from Punjab said, seeing a link between the convict and outlawed hardliners. A Congress MP said Badal's readiness to accept Akal Takht demand, instead of being a move to pander to the hard-line, appeared a desperate attempt to keep radicals at bay.Given the \"depoliticized assessment\" of the Akali intent in handling the clemency plea, Congress sources said the party stand of the assembly having no role in the death sentence was an academic response.A legal brain in Congress recalled the J&K; and Tamil Nadu assembly resolutions in favour of Afzal Guru and Rajiv Gandhi assassins were still pending. \"There was similar brouhaha in these cases. But we took similar stand,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12421150", "title": "Jaiswal: Some govt depts suck blood like mosquitoes", "text": "NEW DELHI: Union coal minister Sriprakash Jaiswal who is already grappling with 'Coalgate' courted fresh controversy by suggesting that many government departments, including the finance ministry, \"suck blood\" like \"mosquitoes\" only to clarify on Monday that his remark was not targeted at North Block.\"For only Rs 100 crore revenue I realise how much you will have to go through. Like mosquitoes in the night, in our country there are some departments that also suck blood,\" he said in Kanpur on Sunday. At the gathering he backed the bullion traders' demand for a roll back of the budget proposal to hike duty on jewellery and even went ahead and suggested that the government \"should devise another way to collect Rs 100 crore revenue, we (businessmen) will pay that\".He probably didn't realize the repercussions of the statement, especially when a senior Congressman like Pranab Mukherjee is the finance minister.Within hours he blamed the media for generating a controversy over his statement. \"Many departments suck blood of employees, businessmen, but I had not said in connection with the finance ministry,\" the minister who is known for his fondness for making statements, told reporters outside Parliament on Monday.Mukherjee said the coal minister had clarified to him about his statement. \"No, no ... he told me, it is absolutely nothing. He has clarified it,\" the finance minister told reporters.Since March 17, a day after the budget was presented, bullion traders have been protesting, and several have gone on strike, against the budget proposal to double import duty on gold and impose excise duty on unbranded jewellery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12421923", "title": "Officials have 'no time' to act on encroachments", "text": "HYDERABAD: Buried in a corner on the right hand wing of the department of archaeology and museums is the files section which stores detailed paper work on projects the department has taken up in the recent past. But what remains unnoticed and often unattended to here are the hundreds of petitions filed by heritage lovers, concerned citizens and activists requesting the department to take up conservation and restoration of monuments and heritage sites across the state.In the past one year alone, the department has received over 1,600 petitions claim officials, but those in know of things insist that every year over 3,000 petitions are filed by heritage conservation societies alone, and most of these are not acted upon.Given the situation , the state archeology department's move to act instantly on a treasure clue last month has come as a surprise to most heritage experts who rue how the office is otherwise known to sit pretty on any complaint or request registered with it. Among these petitions are requests made to the department to look into encroachment of heritage cites, flaws in the upkeep of monuments and even misappropriation of funds by local bodies authorized to conduct repair works.Most petitions come to the department from cities like Hyderabad, Vizag, Vijayawada and Warangal which have several historical monuments that fall under the purview of the state archaeology department. Interestingly, activists from districts other than Hyderabad say that they bear the brunt of the department's apathy the most. While at least some of the complaints from Hyderabad are entertained by the department, majority of their petitions are gathering dust in the department's store room, they rued. \"Even complaints that required the department to act fast including that of encroachment at Thotlakonda Buddhist site and demolition of surrounding structures of Ramappa temple were not looked into immediately. There were hundreds of complaints from Vizag and Warangal about anomalies in restoration works at the two sites but no action has been taken yet,\" said a city based heritage conservationist.The department heads do not even give a patient hearing to heritage lovers' anxieties, many rued. A petitioner who has been in touch with the archaeology department since the past six months demanding quick action to save shrines and pillars surrounding the Ramappa temple, Warangal said that not many from the department were ready to meet him.\"I have been trying to save structures outside the compound wall of Ramappa temple as those were originally part of the temple's compound. A part of the original temple landscape which belongs to the Kakatiya rulers is now encroached upon by various private parties,\" said M Nagaraj, a consultant architect and engineer from Warangal. Some of the heritage conservation bodies like INTACH said that the department does not give importance to suggestions provided to their heritage experts. \"Thotlakonda Buddhist site is under threat of remodeling done by Vizag Urban Development Authority (VUDA). They are constructing buildings, laying roads and digging around the Buddhist remains which are located on top of a hill. We have been asking the department to intervene and stop the activity since the past four years but so far no action was taken,\" said P V Prasad, co-convener, INTACH, Vizag chapter.Even in Hyderabad which stations the department's headquarters, activists said that their petitions get neglected. Be it the petitions of heritage activists crying foul over the encroachments around Mecca Masjid or the numerous complaints about poor restoration of the historic Qutub Shahi Tombs, the department has always turned a blind eye to such grievances of the public. \"There have been multiple groups and individuals who have taken up the issue of the Seven Tombs and all the illegal activities that are known to be rampant on its premises. Yet the department has shown no interest to address these concerns,\" said an activist raising a doubt over just why the otherwise 'slow' department jumped in to dig up a prime land in the city at a mere mention of treasure by a group of masons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12422585", "title": "Police foil bid to abduct flat broker", "text": "MUMBAI: Four people abducted a real estate agent and kept him confined in the boot of a car for an hour on Sunday midnight, after he allegedly duped one of them by promising houses under MHADA's lottery scheme. A police team noticed the parked car and found the agent gagged in the boot of the car.Police said the suspects abducted Samit Ghangale from his house at Swapna Purti Society in Versova and took him towards the Eastern Express Highway. They told the police that Ghangale collected Rs 1.5 lakh from them promising a house.At around 1 am, the police found a grey coloured Renault car parked near Kamghar Nagar in Kurla (east). \"The presence of the patrolling team on the highway helped to rescue the victim. The noise from the boot raised their suspicion,\" said senior inspector of Nehru Nagar police station Dhananjay Bagayatkar. Ghangale told TOI, \"The Mumbai police's alertness saved my life .\"Police arrested Nilesh Kada (28), Mangesh Gadigaonkar (24), Pramod Jadhav (42) and Amit Ashok (29) for the offence. Jadhav, along with his three other colleagues had planned the kidnapping . In his complaint, Ghangale said, \"I was sleeping in my flat when they barged into my house and bundled me into the car boot. I was struggling to escape, which caught the police's attention .''Jadhav is a resident of Ghatkopar and his accomplices are employed as drivers. \"Jadhav works at a car showroom as a driver. He managed to get hold of the Renault car from the showroom . ,'' a police officer said. Ghangale told police that he paid the money to a builder who promised him a Mhada flat. Bagayatkar said Versova police will conduct a detailed probe into the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12422481", "title": "\u2018Don\u2019t sell some drugs without prescription\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay High Court on Monday directed chemists to sell certain medicines , including cough syrups , only on production of a physician's prescription and in the presence of a qualified pharmacist .A division bench of Justice P B Majmudar and Justice Ramesh Dhanuka was hearing three petitions filed by chemists from Malad , Andheri and Goregaon challenging an order passed by the assistant commissioner of Food and Drugs Administration (FDA), cancelling their licences . The cancellation order was confirmed by the minister of food and drugs department , with FDA's contention being the chemists sold Rexcof syrup , which has a high alcohol content, without prescription and in the absence of a pharmacist .Their advocate Sanjiv Sawant argued that the penalty of cancelling their licences was harsh and excessive . \"This is a solitary incident in the case of the petitioners . They have produced documents to show that the pharmacist was present . They have not sold any medicine without prescription ,\" said Sawant . He also urged the court to considering imposing a lesser punishment .Government pleader D A Nalawade said Rexcof contained codeine phosphate , which was a narcotic substance and such medicines were supposed to be sold only upon producing the doctor's prescription . \"Cough syrups are misused by those addicted to it,\" said Nalawade . The judges , in their order , directedthe modification of FDA'sorder to the extent of suspending the chemists' licences for four months . They , however , allowed the petitioners two weeks to \"finish stock of medicines \" in their shops .The judges said because it was the first such incident , they were imposing a lesser punishment of suspending thelicences and notcancelling them . Asking the chemists to be more careful , the judges directed them not to dispense certain medicines without the prescriptions of doctors and the drugs should be sold in the presence of qualified pharmacists . The judges added that if medicines were sold in the absence of prescriptions and pharmacists , there might be adverse health problems in society .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12420719", "title": "Army puts obstacles when it comes to women officers: SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday accused the Army of creating \"artificial hurdles\" for women officers while clearing decks for grant of permanent commission to Major Leena Gaurav, who was made to wait for six years despite passing a promotion test for the rank of Lieutenant Colonel in Judge Advocate General (JAG) branch.Dismissing the Union government's appeal against an order of the Armed Forces Tribunal favouring Major Gaurav, a bench of Justices R M Lodha and Gyan Sudha Mishra said, \"When it comes to absorbing lady officers you pose hurdles for them.\"In Major Gaurav's case, the court noted the discrimination meted out to her as the Army insisted on her clearing the departmental examination though she had passed the promotion test in April, 2010. She was part of a group of short service commission women officers who had sought grant of permanent commission to them in the Army in majority of the branches.The bench asked: \"What is so sacrosanct about the departmental examination? This is just an artificial hurdle put by you.\" Major Gaurav was denied promotion on the ground that she had failed to take the departmental examination. But, her counsel Rekha Palli argued that the departmental test had become inconsequential since she had cleared the higher promotion test.The AFT had agreed with this reasoning, but the Army chose to challenge its order in SC. Overuling the Army's stand, the court said, \"Legally your case is weak. You seem to be playing the game of pick and choose...if an officer has put five to seven years of service and has attributes to get permanent commission, you want that he or she must clear the departmental exam. This is something very strange.\"Contrary to Army's contentions, the Court found that a standing order of October 28, 2005, promised to grant promotion from Major to Lt Col, to all officers who completed 13 years of service.The bench said: \"Without compromising on the quality of job, why should you not give incentive for women officers to achieve promotion.\" Chastened by the SC, the Army agreed to consider Major Gurav's case on priority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "12423213", "title": "PM stand on Posco triggers protest", "text": "KENDRAPADA: Large numbers of anti-land acquisition villagers on Monday criticized the statement of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh assuring South Korean President Lee Myung- Bak in Seoul to help Posco to build a steel plant in Dhinkia, Nuagaon and Gadakujang gram panchayats of Jagatsinghpur district.\"We are shocked to know that the President of South Korea is interested in a private company like Posco. It is none of the South Korean government's business whether the people of India allow Posco project on their land or not,\" said Sishir Mohapatra, general secretary of Posco Pratirodh Sangram Samiti (PPSS).Anti-Posco activists warned the state government that unless the discontent among locals over acquisition of land was properly addressed, the area may turn into a hotbed of a violent movement and in no time become another Kalinganagar.\"PPSS has been opposing the establishment of the steel plant since the past six years. But the president of South Korea is dancing to the tune of Posco and our Prime Minister kowtowed before Lee Myung Bak by promising him to help Posco to build the steel plant after acquiring 4,004 acres of fertile lands in our areas,\" said Prakash Jena, an anti-land acquisition leader of PPSS in Dhinkia, the bastion of anti-land acquisition movement.\"It was wrong and unethical on the part of South Korea President Lee Myung Bak on Sunday to seek Indian government's cooperation in building the steel plant in Odisha in the face of people's agitation over land acquisition for the project,\" said Prakash Paikray, spokesperson of PPSS.BJD leader and MLA of Earasama-Balikuda, Prasanta Mudali, said on the other hand, \"Large numbers of people will get jobs and other benefits after the construction of the steel plant. This is the biggest FDI in the country. Some persons with an ulterior motive have been opposing the proposed steel plant. But the government is determined to build the plant, for which the authority has already acquired 2,000 acres of land.\"United Action Committee, a pro-Posco outfit, also criticized the statement of the Prime Minister in Seoul, however. \"The United Action Committee (UAC), a pro-Posco outfit, had earlier agreed to support the land acquisition work wholeheartedly after the authority assured us to fulfill our six points of demands in a meeting at Cuttack last year. But the authority is yet to fulfill our demands, due to which we are hell bent on opposing the move of the government to acquire more land for the steel plant project,\" said UAC president Anadi Rout. \"Apart from proper compensation, we also demanded at least one job per displaced family in the areas. But the authority betrayed us and we decided to oppose any construction work for Posco,\" added Rout.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12422563", "title": "State has only 36 inspectors for 86,000 elevators", "text": "MUMBAI: The lift mishap that occurred in Goregaon (West) on Sunday , injuring 10 people , has once again brought the spotlight on safety concerns over elevators in the city and the state . Given that the public works department (PWD) has only 36 inspectors for over 86 ,000 lifts in Maharashtra , experts cite the lack of regular inspection as the main reason for frequent elevator accidents .Activists feel the Bombay Lift Act, 1939 and the Bombay Lift Rules, 1958 governing elevators are obsolete. Activist Mohammed Afzal , along with others , filed a PIL in 2010 on the inadequate number of PWD inspectors and on the need to prevent accidents . The PIL said there were 86 ,154 lifts in the state as of 2010 and about 5,000 were added every year .Last year , the Bombay high court asked the PWD to display the number of lifts inspected every six months on its website from April 1, 2012 and quarterly inspection figures from 2013. An affidavit filed by S T Valekar , chief engineer (electrical ), PWD, stated that in 2010 there were 16 inspectors in the department , who were required to carry out 157,100 inspections a year . Each inspector was , therefore , expected to carry out 9,818 inspections . The affidavit stated that the strength of the department had been increased to 36 as against a sanctioned strength of 62.\"Therefore , lifts remain uninspected and accidents happen at regular intervals , resulting in physical injuries , sometimes grievous and sometimes fatal ,\" said Afzal .The problem , according to activists , lies in the fact that it is not possible to fix responsibility in the case of a mishap . According to them , the state must update the law regulating the construction , installation , maintenance and safe operation of lifts.\"The managing committee of the housing society /office complex concerned and the lift maintenance contractor get away by blaming each other . The terribly short-staffed and poorly trained lifts department of the PWD is unable to cope with the situation ,\" Afzal said . \"Most lift inspections are only on paper .\"After the PIL was filed, the state set up a committee of experts on lift safety . The committee's main recommendation was to outsource inspection , which faced stiff opposition from the lifts department .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12425345", "title": "\u2018Retention of students in government schools below official figures\u2019", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Tall claims of State elementary education report card about the high level of retention of students in government primary schools notwithstanding, the actual figure in some schools selected for a sample study is much below the official figure of 73.95 per cent. But what is shocking is the fact that it is students from the SC category who constitute the major chunk of those who drop out of school midway. This has raised a question mark on the sincerity of the government to uplift the condition of SC/ST, reveals a study undertaken by an NGO in five schools in three gram panchayats of Bahadurpur block.Sharing the details with TOI, an office-bearer of Education Resource Society (ERS) Madhvi Nishad said that the mid day meal (MDM) was one of the major factors which managed to hold the children to school in the backdrop of the fact that attendance fell sharply after MDM. It stood at 24.69 per cent prior to serving of MDM and came down to 20.37 per cent after that.What is shocking is the fact that SCs constitute about 53 per cent, followed by OBCs with 33 per cent. This points towards the insensitivity of the government and basic education department towards uplifting the status of SCs and OBCs by providing them basic education.The survey was conducted in Kotari, Faizullahpur and Ibrahimpur gram panchayats.Nishad added that it was also found that none of the five schools could manage to retain more than 60 per cent which mean that attendance of students in these schools never crossed 60 per cent mark.Genderwise, it is the girls who appear to be more interested in pursuing education than boys as the retention level of girls stands at 76.3 per cent in comparison to 75.5 per cent boys.Classwise 4th, 6th and 8th standard continue to enchant the students as the level recorded here is 80.6, 100 and 100 percent respectively.The study revealed that apathy of teachers has resulted in loss of interest among students who never cared to bring the lackadaisical attitude of teachers to the notice of their parents and officials during inspection.But what is encouraging is the fact that retention level of chidren of havenots is the maximum. While the retention level of children of labourers was found to be 76 per cent, followed by those of farmers at 73.6 per cent. But children of working class recorded a dismal figure of less than 50 per cent.Assistant basic shiksha adhikari R C Mishra said that regular meetings of parents-teachers association (PTA) are conducted to ensure that no students drop out from schools. Village heads are also asked to co-ordinate with the school authorities to see that children are attracted towards studies.He added: \"We also organise training to make studies more interesting and meaningful for children. Parents are urged to stop involving children in family vocation during teaching hours.\"What is shocking is the fact that SCs constitute about 53 per cent, followed by OBCs with 33 per cent. This points towards the insensitivity of the government and basic education department towards uplifting the status of SCs and OBCs by providing them basic education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12422778", "title": "Polytechnic student goes missing", "text": "CHENNAI: A 16-year-old student of a polytechnic institute in Pammal near Pallavaram is reportedly missing for the past four days. When S Siddharth, who left his home in Velachery on his bicycle on March 22 didn't return, his father Selvakumar searched in all possible places before lodging a complaint with the Velachery police. During investigations, police found the bicycle near the Velachery bus terminus.Special police teams have been formed. \"His mobile has been switched off. We are interrogating his close friends some of whom have given valid information,\" a police officer said. Siddharth's family, including his mother, brother and sister, lives at Devi Karumariamman Koil Street in Velachery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "muzaffarpur", "code": "12422590", "title": "Experts back Anna-type stir", "text": "MUZAFFARPUR: Their divergent views on the current Indian political system notwithstanding, all the eminent political science experts of the country participating at a seminar here on Monday advocated the need for launching an Anna Hazare-type movement on a larger scale in the country to check corruption and criminalization of politics.Prof Pushpesh Pant from Jawaharlal Nehru University ( JNU), Prof Mahendra Prasad Singh from Institute of Social Sciences, New Delhi, Prakashmani Tripathy from D D University, Gorakhpur, N K Jha from Pondicherry University and former vice chancellor Gopal Prasad Singh called upon the judiciary, Election Commission of India ( ECI) and the media to save the Indian democracy from being `distorted'. They felt the need for a participatory democracy by striking a balance between a direct and representative democracy. Experts remarked that it is true it is only the Parliament which can enact laws. But at the same time, the voice of the public must be carefully heard to cleanse the administration and establish a rule of law. Pant said if the popular demands would have been heard, the Naxalites would not have been forced to go underground to get their demands fulfilled by force.So far as the right to recall of public representatives, as demanded earlier by Jayaprakash Narayan and now by Hazare, was concerned, it was practically not feasible in a vast country like India having more than 120 crore population. Referendum or direct democracy was possible only in small countries like Switzerland, said Mahendra Prasad Singh. The Supreme Court has given enough powers to the EC. The only hope now rests with the Supreme Court, he added. Tripathy said it was an irony that out of 120 crore population, only 17 crore people decide the fate of MPs. He said government running by a group of parties cannot be expected to deliver positive results. He, however, expressed satisfaction that Hazare has unleashed a new movement in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "12421004", "title": "\u2018Curti-Khandepar will be removed from PPDA\u2019", "text": "PORVORIM: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Monday assured Ponda MLA Lavu Mamledar that he would revert the village of Curti-Khandepar from the Ponda planning and development authority (PPDA) by the end of the week.\"I have signed the file, the official order is awaited and by the end of this week, the order will be issued,\" assured Parrikar.Mamledar raised the issue while calling attention in the assembly, saying there is fear and anxiety in the minds of the locals of the village of Curti-Khandepar on the inclusion of the village panchayat of Curti-Khandepar under the jurisdiction of the PPDA, as they fear it would destroy the ecological balance of the village.Mamledar said that the village panchayat had opposed the inclusion of the village in the PPDA. However, officials told the local residents that they would benefit if they are included in the PPDA, saying they would get a higher floor area ratio (FAR). Locals, however, felt that if they came under the PPDA, they would be burdened with additional fees, while in the name of development they would also have to sacrifice the vegetation on their land, and hence they opposed the inclusion.Mamledar also said that locals began agitating and even contemplated going on a hunger strike to remove their village from the PPDA. \"During the election, we assured people that within one month we would remove the Curti-Khandepar village from the PPDA. I have forwarded a request to withdraw the decision to include the village from the PPDA by April 3,\" said Mamledar.Priol MLA Pandurang 'Deepak' Dhavalikar has also requested Parrikar to revert the village from the PPDA before the code of conduct is enforced for the coming panchayat elections.St Andre MLA Vishnu Surya Wagh remarked that earlier Ponda was under the South Goa PDA but later the PPDA was formed. \"I want the PPDA to be cancelled and the village brought under the South Goa PDA,\" he said.Replying to Wagh's query, Parrikar said he would solve one issues at a time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12423158", "title": "CM\u2019s budget recipe: Fiscal discipline, private investment", "text": "CHENNAI: The AIADMK government on Monday presented a fine balancing act. Without loosening its purse strings to unveil new populist schemes, it has laid the ground for more private investment to boost employment and revenue generation.The state's budget reveals the government is hoping to seal deals worth. 20,000 crore over the next six months with companies like Nokia, Eicher , Yamaha, Enfield and Saint Gobain . It seeks to increase the share of the manufacturing sector to 23% of the state's economy, up from 17% in 2009-2010 when DMK was in power. And to make Tamil Nadu an attractive investment destination, it has made allocations to improve infrastructure in the road and power sectors and lifted restrictions to increase housing stock.The budget, presented by finance minister O Panneerselvam, provides minor concessions to consumers in the form of a 1% reduction in stamp duty for property registration and cuts in value added tax (VAT) on insulin, wheat, oats and helmets, but takes back in equal measure by increasing guideline values on property by 170-270 % and hiking infrastructure and amenities charges on new buildings by 50%. For low and middle income group home buyers, the floor space index (FSI), which is the maximum permissible limit of development per square foot, has been increased without any additional levy.The government also plans to raise an additional. 150 crore by imposing a 14.5% VAT on liquor sourced from other states (other than foreign liquor ) and sold in bars and hotels. Overall, revenues are projected to cross. 1 lakh crore for the first time in 2012-13. The budget also projects the highest ever revenue surplus of. 2,376 crore.Spending is well within limits. The. 36,190-crore subsidy burden primarily seeks to sustain ongoing welfare schemes like distribution of laptops, solar-powered green houses, milch cattle and free rice through the public distribution system.TN also plans to limit its borrowings to. 18,387 crore. It has already curtailed it to. 12,873 crore against the revised estimates of. 16,105 crore. This is in stark contrast to states like West Bengal, which bankroll populist schemes that leave their finances in the doldrums and make them dependent on the Centre for bailouts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12425622", "title": "Two awarded3 for murdering man", "text": "KANPUR: Additional district and sessions judge Vijay Laxmi convicted two persons on Monday for committing murder and sentenced them for life imprisonment. A fine of Rs 20,000 each was also imposed.The sentenced persons were identified as Shahan and Shadab, residents of Shastri Nagar. The police had charged three persons for committing the murder. Third accused was a juvenile his file was separated and sent to Juvenile Justice Board.Razia, a resident of Shastri Nagar stated in her complaint that on August 20, 2006 around 9.45 pm, her husband Salim Ahmad came out from his house after having dinner.The three accused, armed with sharp-edged weapon, attacked him and inflicted multiple blows on Salim's abdomen.Salim was rushed to LLR Hospital where he succumbed. The accused were arrested with the weapons used in crime. Salim refused to pay goonda tax to the accused who created terror in the area.Warrant: Absence in the court proved costly for a sub-inspector of police named as Nandlal when additional district and sessions judge MA Abbasi issued non-bailable warrant and a notice under Section 350 CrPC against him and fixed next date as April 10 for hearing the case.As incharge of Chakeri police station in 2009, Nandlal had raided Prapti lodge in Lal Bangla area on December 1, 2009 and had arrested two boys and girls in two room in an objectionable state.Besides them, the police had also charged lodge owner Rajeev Nigam under Prevention of Immoral Traffic Act.The SI, who is presently posted in Etawah, had appeared in the court on March 12. He had to be cross-examined by the defence counsel on Monday but he did not turn up in the court.The judge ordered to issue a non-bailable warrant against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12424882", "title": "Over 100 IPS officers transferred in UP", "text": "LUCKNOW: In yet another reshuffle, the Uttar Pradesh government has transferred more than 100 IPS officers including DGs and police chiefs of several districts.Director General, PAC, Dev Raj Nagar has been given additional charge of chairman, police recruitment and promotion board, whereas DG Human Rights B M Saraswat has been shifted to training headquarters, an official spokesman said here today.The transfers were issued late last night.DG, Anti Corruption Organisation. Arun Kumar Gupta has been given additional charge of managing director, police housing corporation. Surbart Tripathi, who was attached to DGP headquarters, has been posted as DG technical services.ADG, training headquarters, A L Banerjee, who was having additional charge of SIT, has been transferred to economic offences wing with additional charge of ACO.ADG police headquarters, Allahabad, Sulkhan Singh has been shifted to PAC Unnao in the same capacity.ADG, vigilance establishment, Vipin Kumar has been transferred to Power Corporation Limited. ADG prison V K Gupta has been shifted to human rights commission.ADG traffic Surya Kumar has been transferred to police headquarters Allahabad, whereas ADG EOW R N singh has been posted as director prosecution.ADG fire services K L Meena has been transferred to prison department. ADG security Rajni Kant Mishra has been given additional charge of fire services.IG, PAC central zone, Javed Akhtar has been posted at IG Gorakpur zone. IG vigilance establishment G L Meena has been posted as IG Allahabad zone.IG STF D S Chauhan has been transferred as IG Bareilly zone, whereas IG public grievances Tanuja Srivastava would be the new IG Agra zone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12423038", "title": "Sunderbans mystery cat one of its kind", "text": "KOLKATA: The Sunderbans has revealed at least one of its mysteries. In the depths of its mangroves, lives a one-of-its-kind feline - the melanistic leopard-cat - captured in camera traps outside the core area. Now the excitement is over how many such cats are in Sunderbans , and if it is a new species.There are just two pictures of the cat - the first ever sighting in history. It's a rare occasion for wildlife scientists to consider the discovery of a new mammalian species. TOI was the first to report the eureka moment. Bengal forest officials had sent pictures of the cat to the Wildlife Institute of India (WII) three days ago and got a reply on Monday morning. \"According to them, it's a leopard-cat melanistic. In my knowledge , such a species has never been sighted anywhere in the state before,\" said Sunderbans Biosphere Reserve (SBR) director Pradeep Vyas.WII senior scientist Y V Jhala took it a step further: \"Such a cat has never been photo-captured anywhere in the world. Identifying a species from camera trap images is very difficult but after consulting other scientists here we have decided to go with 'leopard cat melanistic' . We have laid camera traps inside the core area of Sunderbans, too, which will help us know if the species is common in this part of the world.\"Peter Jackson , a senior member of the International Union for Conservation of Nature cat specialist group, had earlier failed to identify the species. \"Only then, the forest department decided to send the photographs to WII,\" said WWF-India's Sunderbans chapter head Anurag Danda.The cat spotted in the camera traps in Raidighi is bigger than a wild cat and smaller than a leopard, say sources. \"We have never seen any animal like this in the Sunderbans. Apart from the 18 tigers, scores of other cats, including jungle and fishing cats, were found during the camera exercise , which was done outside the reserve area for the first time. Most of them were expected till we came upon two sightings of a black cat with a long tail on February 26,\" added Vyas.WII scientists said the identification process was not easy. \"The tail was crucial. We thought it was a fishing cat melanistic or a marbled cat. However, after discussions with other carnivore experts we decided to identify it as a black leopard cat,\" said WII senior scientist V B Mathur.A fishing cat's tail can be a third of its body length, whereas the tail of a leopard cat can be half the length of its body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12421413", "title": "Missing woman\u2019s body found in drum", "text": "COIMBATORE: The body of a 29-year-old woman was found dumped in a water container near Eswaran temple in Tirupur on Sunday morning, by locals who spotted it due to the stench.According to police, a blue colour water drum that was closed firmly was found near Eswaran temple in Tirupur. When a stench started emanating from the drum around 11am, a few locals opened the lid and found the body of a brutally murdered woman inside it. They alerted the police immediately.The police rushed to the spot and retrieved the body which was sent to Tirupur government hospital. Tirupur DSP Rajaram conducted a preliminary inquiry with the locals. On Monday morning, the murdered woman was identified as M Shanthi (29) of Thittampalayampudur. She was found missing on March 23 and her husband Manimaran (42) had lodged a complaint with the Tirupur north police on March 24.Manimaran, who came to Tirupur 20 years ago, runs a furniture shop. He married Shanthi, a native of Bodinaickanur in Theni, nine years ago. The couple has one daughter. Manimaran offered the installment payment plan to some of his customers. Shanthi used to collect the payments as she supplied drinking water cans to households in the neighbourhood.On March 23, Shanthi didn't return home. Her body was found on Sunday. Gold jewelleries were removed from her and a stab injury was found on her neck. Police suspect she was murdered a couple of days ago. A special team has been formed to crack the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12422495", "title": "No ragging link in fire accident; student serious", "text": "BANGALORE: A II semester engineering student of a Chikkaballapur engineering college who suffered serious burns in an alleged ragging incident continues to battle for life in Victoria Hosptial here.Ajmal Hariz, 17, suffered 60% burn injuries in the bathroom of his college hostel in Chikkajala. He is an aeronautical student of Sha-Shib College on Engineering.Around 10pm on Thursday, he went to the bathroom in the first floor of the hostel building. After a while, he started screaming for help. His friends rushed to the bathroom and found Ajmal writhing on the floor with burns all over his body.Ajmal initially claimed three of his seniors threw thinner into the bathroom and then ignited a fire, but later said he did not know who committed the crime.\"During investigation, we learned that the three seniors named by him were not in the city at the time of the accident and were not even allowed into the hostel. Yes, there has been a fire and there was also ragging , but they are not linked,\" Chikkajala police inspector Thippeswamy said.Ajmal's relatives continued to allege that it was an act of ragging and demanded action against senior students who had ragged him earlier. \"He was harassed by these students for months. Otherwise a cheerful boy, Ajmal became very silent and depressed. We are not ready to buy the suicide argument because he is not someone who would take such an extreme step,\" said N Abdulla, the boy's uncle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12422805", "title": "Rai Umanath Bali auditorium turns 25", "text": "LUCKNOW: As one walks from Safed Baradari (Kaiserbagh) towards Parivartan Chowk, there stands a tall building next to Bhatkhande Music University, which is known for taking forward the city's cultural tradition. Painted in red and yellow and decked up with lights, Rai Umanath Bali Auditorium will celebrate 25 years on Tuesday.It was on March 27, 1987, department of culture, Uttar Pradesh dedicated the auditorium to the people of the state. The idea of an auditorium was mooted since the building owed a historical and archaeological importance and was home to many theatre artists. In the past 25 years, there have been many cultural performances by prominent artists. To name a few, there was Ramlila directed by Suryamohan Kulshrestra, 'Yehudi ki Ladki' directed by Urmil Kumar Thapliyal, 'Mere Bhai ke Dost' directed by Daya Prakash Sinha, and many others.The auditorium has seen both good and bad days. In the past years, the auditorium has got a hi-tech sound system, air-conditioners have been installed and seats have been replaced. What is unfortunate is that the artists preparing for their performances in the green room have no access to drinking water. The canteen is closed. But whatever it is, there is an air of excitement in the people working in the auditorium. \"The place is of immense importance to us. I remember seeing Pandit Birju Maharaj here,\" said an official.And to commemorate 25 years of its existence, the department of culture, Uttar Pradesh in collaboration with Janjati evam Lokala Sanskriti Sansthan and Rashtriya Kathak Sansthan is organising 'Rang Julus' from 10.00 am. Various competitions such as folk music, folk dance, mimicry and mono-acting for the children aged between 10-18 years will be held.A theatre discussion by eminent theatre artists and critics will be a major attraction. In the evening, cultural programmes such as Kathak dance drama and Bundelkhand, Braj and tribal folk dance will take place. The programme will end by a drama presented by Bhartendu Natya Academy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12422924", "title": "Medical report gives benefit of doubt to motorist", "text": "MUMBAI: Twenty-six-year-old Bollywood animator, Charu Khandal, is battling for her life at Dhirubhai Ambani Hospital after the auto rickshaw she was travelling in was hit by a motorist driving drunk on Sunday night. The accused, however, has been let off as the alcohol content in his body was apparently not beyond the permissible level.\"Charu has multiplex fractures on her spinal cord and her condition is serious. According to doctors, it is going to be difficult for her even if she survives,\" a source sad. Charu was accompanied by her sister, Ritu, and friend Vikrant Goyal when the mishap occurred at Oshiwara. Goyal's condition is critical and he has been operated upon.The accident, which may leave Charu crippled for life, occurred late on Saturday when she was returning home from a dinner party. As soon as they learnt about the mishap, Charu's colleagues at Red Chillies -she is part of the animation section of Red Chillies' Ra One-gathered at the hospital on Sunday to show their support.Though the Oshiwara police did arrest the accused, who was driving a Honda City, in a case of negligent and rash driving, he was later released on bail. A senior police officer said his medical report stated that he \"was smelling of alcohol but could not be called having been under the influence of alcohol\". The officer explained that this meant he could have consumed liquor but the amount did not cross the permissible limit.Angry Mumbaikars have been blaming the police for not cracking down on those driving drunk. \"We don't see any checks being conducted at all. There used to be nakabandis at important parts of the city but these days, we only see barricades but the cops either sit in their vehicles or are not there at all,\" a resident said. But director Anubhav Sinha said, \"We cannot blame the cops, law or the system. We, as citizens, need to get more responsible. Why can't we be more sensitive towards others. If we know that we are drunk and not in a condition, can't we take a cab home? What has the person got by ruining a young girl's life? This shows we have reached a situation where our moral has decayed.\"Actor Shreyas Talpade tweeted: \"It's about time v had stricter laws against drunk driving.\" A number of people has also been appealing on social networking sites, asking everyone \"to get responsible\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12423246", "title": "Toxic fumes kill janitors inside sewage tank, HC orders flouted", "text": "CHENNAI: Two Metrowater employees died of asphyxiation after they entered a sewage tank at the Tamil Nadu Slum Clearance Board ( TNSCB) quarters in Saidapet on Monday afternoon.Police said Mohan, 35, a sanitary worker, was the first to enter the 30-foot pit around 2.45pm. As he did not return for a while, Venkatachalam, a driver, got in. Fire service workers retrieved the two bodies around 3.30pm. Manual cleaning of sewage pits continue in the state despite a ban by the Madras high court.Several people have died in sewage pits which hold poisonous gases. An investigating officer said the workers had brought a jet rodding machine to clean the pit, but later Mohan decided to get in to clear the clog. K Padmanabhan, an eyewitness, said when Venkatachalam did not emerge for a few minutes after he went in search of Mohan, people started panicking. \"When there was no trace of either of them, we called the 108 ambulance and fire services,\" he said. P Saroja, another neighbour, said sewage blocks and leaks are frequent in the locality and often manual scavengers are brought in.AMetrowater official, who did not want to be named, had adifferent version. He said the workers had finished the work using the jet rodding machine, and were about to close the lid when Venkatachalam's footwear fell into the pit. Mohan got in to take the slipper. When he didn't return, Venkatachalam also got in,\" said the official.Mohan and Venkatachalam were declared 'brought dead' at the Government Royapettah Hospital. Police said the actual reason for their death could be ascertained only after postmortem.The incident brings to light the violation of the October 2006 high court ban on manual cleaning of manholes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12425686", "title": "No Stopping For Charan's Bollywood Project", "text": "Tollywood was taken by a storm when the news of copyrights issue surfaced for Charan's 'Zanjeer'. However, the road blocks are not tightening their screws with producer laying red carpet to 'old' writers.Tollywood's mega powerstar Ramcharan is all set to foray into Bollywood with the remake of yesteryear's superhit movie 'Zanjeer'. Writer Javed Akhtar , the original writing partner of old 'Zanjeer' along with Salim Khan demanded the makers of new Zanjeer to take their permission for remaking the movie. Akhtar, an active copyrights issue activist, stated that it is a creator's moral right as per the latest Copyrights Act to maintain sanctity and originality. This indeed restricts the present writers and directors to change the original form of script.However, Amit Mehra, producer of Charan's debut hindi flick made it clear that they will meet Salim-Javed duo once the script work is finished. Before clearing it that the original script will be intact, he promised the veteran writers that he even will maintain those dialogues too.Source: Gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "12422220", "title": "Victim of communal riots dies, Navabandar still tense", "text": "RAJKOT: Navabandar village in Una taluka of Junagadh district remained tense on Monday after one of the persons injured in the communal clash five days ago succumbed on Sunday night in civil hospital at Ahmedabad.Body of victim Harun Musha Sodha (48) was brought to the village for final rites. On Monday, heavy police force was deployed in the village in order to avoid any untoward incident and deceased was buried amid heavy police presence.Police have filed a complaint of murder against Naresh Koli and 15 more people in connection with the murder case and are investigating the case. However, no arrest has been made so far.On March 20, a clash between two different communities sparked tension in Navabandar village and the situation turned violent with people resorting to stone-pelting.Police said the tension between both the communities was brewing over parking of fishing trawlers at the jetty in the village for the last few days. On Monday, there was a curfew like situation in the village and all shops were closed when the body was brought to the village.Eight persons were injured in the clash, of whom six were discharged on Wednesday after primary treatment, while one had been referred to a hospital in Rajkot and another one to Ahmedabad for further treatment. Apart from local police, a company of State Reserve Police was also deployed to control the situation.During the communal clash, houses were set on fire in the village and properties were damaged during the riots. Police had called a meeting of 'Peace Committee' to resolve the problem amicably soon after the communal tension began in the village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "new delhi/gurgaon", "code": "12422643", "title": "Details of building licence status to be updated online", "text": "NEW DELHI/GURGAON: Booking a flat in a housing or commercial project which has got a licence doesn't necessarily mean the investment is safe. Considering the increasing number of cases of builders who are not renewing their licences, the department of Town and Country Planning (DTCP) will soon upload the details of the status of licences issued on their website.The DTCP director general, T C Gupta, said they would also upload the khasra numbers of properties for which licences have been granted. \"There have been cases where people take licences for certain properties and show some other plots to the buyers. We need to stop such practices to protect the interest of investors,\" he added.Gupta said in case a licensee does not renew the licence annually by depositing the requisite fee, then development work cannot be allowed. \"So there is a need to inform public on this. We have already uploaded all the licences issued by the department. The status of these licences would make people take a conscious decision,\" he added.Sources said that these moves were being opposed by the private developers since they would expose them and compel them to follow norms. They had also vehemently opposed the uploading of all licences last year. The state government has a huge chunk of revenue from change of land use ( CLU ) for residential and commercial developments; and stamp duty.In the past, the Haryana government had made it mandatory for all private realtors to specify their project licence number, layout plans and the total number of apartments to be built in their advertisements so that people book their properties \"safely\". It had announced a crackdown on those failing to do so and this could invite a three-year prison term. Haryana was the first state to introduce such a regulation.Earlier, there were complaints of mushroom building projects which had prompted realtors to put out catchy advertisements with sketchy details. \"To ensure that newspapers don't publish advertisements without the necessary details we had written to all the major newspaper editors. We had asked them to drop such advertisements. It has worked and we have compliance across the state,\" said Gupta.Earlier, there had been several examples where builders had sold apartments well above the licensing authority's sanctioned limit and the police were receiving regular complaints of fleecing by developers for an invalid project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12422425", "title": "PIL on malnutrition adjourned", "text": "BANGALORE: A high court division bench headed by the chief justice has adjourned to Thursday hearing on a PIL related to children dying of malnutrition across the state. The bench was not happy that there has been no perceptible change at the ground level though the situation remained serious. \"Everything is on paper. There's no change at all.This is because you are not showing any personal interest. All typically bureaucratic.Why you are not involving social workers and those interested?\" the bench asked the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12422744", "title": "Crackdown on pubs: 7 more held for creating a ruckus", "text": "GURGAON: Continuing their crackdown, the city police conducted raids on various pubs on Sunday night and arrested seven drunk youths for allegedly creating a ruckus on MG Road. So far, 57 people have been arrested after a 23-year-old pub employee was abducted and gang-raped.Cops said that two police teams from Sector 29 police station raided the bars late on Sunday night. The police teams, which women cops, searched inside some of the bars and ordered all single people out. Police arrested seven people from the bar and outside on MG Road.The Sector 29 police lodged an FIR against the seven youths under Section 160 IPC and produced them in a city court on Monday, where they were granted bail. According to the police, the accused were identified as Rahul Tripathi, Sumit, Rajeev alias Bunty, Vipin Kumar, Rahul, Kuldeep and Ata-ur-Rehman. One of them was a BA 2nd year student of a city college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12420238", "title": "HC: Give pension for training period also", "text": "NAGPUR: In what could be termed as a significant verdict, the Nagpur bench of Bombay high court has ruled that an employee's training period should be added to his pensionary benefits. \"In our view, non-addition of training period to the petitioner's regular service has resulted into great injustice to him,\" a division bench comprising justices PB Majmudar and Prasanna Varale observed, while providing a relief after almost 14 years to Abdul Mannan, who retired as chief telecom inspector (Microwave) from Central Railways.The court ruled that petitioner is entitled to get the benefit of his two-year training period from January 5, 1965 to April 10, 1967, till the date on which he was given regular appointment, for the purpose of pension. The judges however clarified that the training period is counted only for the purpose of pensionary benefits.The Amravati-based petitioner had knocked the higher judiciary's doors challenging the June 29, 2001 order of Central Administrative Tribunal (CAT), Mumbai Bench at Nagpur, which rejected his original application (OA) of demanding inclusion of his training period in pensionary benefits.Mannan was appointed as an apprentice on December 23, 1964, but he actually joined on January 5, 1965. After completing apprenticeship period of two years on February 23, 1967, he was to be absorbed on regular basis. But due to unavailability of any vacancy, the petitioner was actually absorbed after a gap of 45 days on April 10, 1967. On retirement, he made a representation to the employer on October 15, 1993, requesting him to update his service register by taking into account apprenticeship period.The high court judges considered Mannan's plea over administrative delay of 45 days on the part of employers in giving the regular appointment to him. \"It is clear from the record that regular posting order was awaited and his apprenticeship was not terminated. His case was kept on waiting list. Therefore, it was only an administrative delay,\" the judges said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12422180", "title": "Fate of slaughterhouse undecided", "text": "VARANASI: The Varanasi Nagar Nigam (VNN) is still undecided whether to renew the licence of Kamalgadaha slaughterhouse in the new financial year and let it operate in the densely populated area or to shift it to the outskirts in compliance to court orders.This indecision is hinting that the agency has no clear vision for finding out a permanent solution to this problem.Despite repeated efforts, municipal commissioner Rajendra Singh could not be contacted while his subordinates, including veterinary officer RD Ram and Nagar Swathya Adhikari VK Singh, could be seen locking horns in front of the ADM City MP Singh and SP City MS Chauhan on the Collectorate premises on the issue of closure of slaughterhouse on Monday afternoon.On March 5, RD Ram had ordered the closure of Kamalgadaha slaughterhouse on hygiene ground. He said due to butchering of animals in unhygienic condition, the meat was not fit for human consumption. In view of his order, the slaughterhouse was closed. But, the closure of this slaughterhouse led to illegal butchering of animals in adjoining houses. This fact was exposed when the police raided the house of Sabbir Kuraishi on Sunday.As conducting raids at the houses of individuals in densely populated minority-dominated localities was impossible and completely stopping butchering of animals could yield crisis of meat for consumers, the ADM City and SP City convened a meeting with butchers of Kamalgadaha and the VNN officials, including the veterinary officer and the nagar swathya adhikari, at the Riffle Club.Though no butcher opposed the decision of closure of slaughterhouse on hygiene ground, all of them made it very clear that the licensing authority (VNN) had never prescribed any condition to operate the slaughterhouse. On knowing the same, the ADM City asked the VNN officials to explain the conditions prescribed for slaughterhouse operation. It led to interesting scene at the meeting venue as the VNN officials said the licensed butchers were responsible for proper disposal of waste of the slaughterhouse and cleanliness arrangements.However, the VNN officials could not give a suitable answer when asked why the agency continued to ignore the cleanliness arrangements in and around the slaughterhouse in the past. More interesting scene was created when the ADM City said if the licence of butchers, which would expire on March 31, was renewed, all the conditions of butchering animals at the slaughterhouses should be printed on it.After that a heated exchange of words started between the veterinary officer and the nagar swasthya adhikari on the issue of licensing authority. The situation normalised following the intervention of ADM City and SP City. But, no official could reveal whether the same slaughterhouse would be allowed to operate in the populated area or efforts would be made to construct the modernised slaughterhouse on city outskirts as per the orders of the Apex Court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12421782", "title": "Police jeep mows down businessman from Begum Bazaar", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 57-year-old businessman died and his wife suffered serious injuries when a police jeep rammed into their two-wheeler near a function hall at Balamrai in Secunderabad on Sunday night.The victim was identified as Satpal Singh, a businessman from Begum Bazar. On Sunday night, Satpal Singh along with his wife, Gurjeet Singh, went to attend an engagement ceremony at Classic Gardens in Balamrai. The mishap occurred near the function hall while the couple was returning home on their two-wheeler.A police commander jeep (AP 09 P 9927) attached to the Counter Intelligence police station reportedly being driven at a high speed rammed into Satpal Singh's two-wheeler coming from the opposite direction. He fell on the ground and the police vehicle dragged his body for about 15 metres before coming to a halt, resulting in his instantaneous death, Begumpet sub-inspector (SI) S Santosham said.Satpal's wife Gurjeet suffered severe injuries and was rushed to a nearby hospital by the relatives. Police said her condition is stable.Based on a complaint lodged by the victim's family, the Begumpet police have booked cases under Sections 304-A (causing death due to rash or negligent act) and 337 (causing injuries due to rash or negligent act) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and arrested Home Guard Srinivas, who was driving the police vehicle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12422863", "title": "ECR to turn entertainment corridor", "text": "CHENNAI: Several tourism-related projects are being planned along the Muttukadu-Puducherry stretch of the East Coast Road (ECR) that is fast becoming the official entertainment corridor.A detailed project report will be prepared to identify projects that can be developed in this 'special tourism area'. \"We will consider relaxation of development control rules for the implementation of special projects along this corridor,\" finance minister O Panneerselvam said while presenting the 2012-13 budget.The ECR plan is part of the government's grand 25-crore integrated tourism infrastructure project. The government will also get a Rs 450 crore loan from the Asian Development Bank to develop two tourism circuits - the East Coast and southern routes -- showcasing Tamil Nadu's heritage, pilgrim centres and eco-spots.The East Coast circuit, from Chennai to Point Calimere along the Coromandel coast, will extend up to Thanjavur. Pichavaram, with its eco-tourism potential, will be part of this route. The southern circuit will consist of Madurai, Rameswaram and Tirunelveli and eco-spots such as the Gulf of Mannar biosphere reserve and the Kalakkad-Mundanthurai tiger reserve. Besides, the government plans to draw tourists interested in rural, ecology, heritage and temple travels.The government will renovate the Kamarajar mandapam in Kanyakumari and Kamarajar Ninaivu Illam in Chennai. Memorials that are being renovated include Puratchi Thalaivar MGR memorial and Perarignar Anna memorial for Rs 8.9 crore and Gandhi Mandapam for Rs 12 crore.A vision document will be prepared to explore all possibilities. The minister said there were 13.67 crore domestic tourists and 33.08 lakh foreign visitors in 2011, 22.38% higher than the figures in 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12420781", "title": "Four chain-snatchings in a day leave city shaken", "text": "NASHIK: With as many as four chain-snatching incidents reported in a single day on Sunday, Nashikites, especially the women folk, are now afraid of stepping out of their homes. The police campaigns under which vehicles were being checked and nakabandis were undertaken also seem to have stopped yielding results as vehicles are being stolen in the city in broad daylight.On Sunday, four chain-snatchings were reported from the Nashik Road, Ambad and Gangapur areas of the city. While senior police officials had ordered for nakabandis to be set up across the city after the incidents, the drive did not yield any results. Suspects who were taken into custody for interrogation were also released in the evening.Two chains worth Rs 50,000 were snatched from an elderly lady who was walking in the Savarkarnagar area of the city.According to the complaint lodged by Nishigandha Mogul, a former MLC and resident of the Gangapur Road area, her mother-in-law was walking near their residence on Sunday at 12.15pm when two youths on a bike came near her and the pillion rider snatched two chains worth Rs 50,000.Around the same time, another chain worth Rs 15,000 was snatched from a lady near Mahatmanagar. Amina Mukesh Gupta of Mahatmanagar said her daughter-in-law was walking near Hotel Banjara when two youths on a bike came close to her and the pillion rider snatched her chain.Meanwhile, a gold chain worth Rs 30,000 was snatched from one Lalita Nayar of Girija Apartment, Saubhagya Nagar, Nashik Road. Two miscreants on a bike snatched her chain at 7.15pm near Saubhagya Nagar on Sunday.Another chain-snatching took place in the Ambad area. A gold chain worth Rs 1.10 lakh was stolen from 50-year-old Shakuntala Sonawane near the Mahadev Temple, Shiv Shakti Chowk, on Sunday at 11.30 am. According to police officers, there is a possibility that bikers from the same gang are behind these incidents. Investigations are underway in all four cases.Nakabandis set up by top officials across the city after the chain-snatching incidents on Sunday also did not yield any results.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12422945", "title": "Subsidies up 12.5%, bulk for food", "text": "CHENNAI: Subsidies are on the rise. Government has set aside 36,190 crore this year towards subsidies including various freebies and other welfare schemes announced in the AIADMK election manifesto.Compared to revised budget estimates for 2011-12, the subsidies for next year have increased 12.49%. And the finance minister has estimated the subsidy burden to go up in coming years at least by 15% each year.Presenting his blueprint for development on Monday, finance minister O Panneerselvam projected subsidies and transfers to be around 33% of the total revenue expenditure of 1,06,572 crore.Food subsidies including essential commodities distributed free of cost under the public distribution scheme, account for 4,900 crore of the allocation, around 13% of the total subsidy.An all-time high of 3,820.25 crore has been allocated for social security schemes. This includes old age pension and assistance for differently abled people and destitutes. Under the scheme, beneficiaries can access bank accounts to which social security pension will be credited, and which can then be withdrawn using biometric smart cards.The freebies announced in the AIADMK manifesto during the Assembly elections alone will cost the government 6,966 crore. Of this, free distribution of mixies and grinders will cost 2,000 crore. Around 35 lakh families will benefit from this scheme. The free laptop scheme for school and college students will cost 1,500 crore.The government will also distribute four sets of uniforms to school children every year from 2012-13. This would be in addition to the provision of full pants instead of half pants to boys from Class 6 onwards besides salwar kameez for girls.An economist not willing to be named said as a welfare state, subsidies are likely to be on the higher side and as the government is able to generate revenue surplus, the subsidies are not likely to pose a big burden on the state.Former Union revenue secretary and executive director of the IMF , M R Sivaraman noted that the bulk of subsidies was going to distribution of free rice and power, apart from populist freebies.\"There were subsidies in agriculture in the form of premium on crop insurance, higher procurement price for paddy, interest subvention on farm loans and free milch cattle to farmers. \"But overall, he said, it was an excellent budget which if implemented in full by the Tamil Nadu government would put the state on the road to becoming one of the most developed states in the country.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12422831", "title": "Ailing power board gets fund recharge", "text": "CHENNAI: The government is going full throttle to save the ailing state electricity board. It has announced a financial support of over 3,000 crore to recapitalize the board and 1,500 crore for new generation projects.Experts feel that though the budget does not contain major announcements on the power front, it provides a boost through fresh investments. Finance minister O Paneerselvam said the state's generation capacity is only 30% of the demand which forces the board to depend on supply from other sources.Power managers are especially happy about the move to financially support Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Company with share capital of 3,069 crore and 1,500 crore for new projects. \"Tangedco was planning to raise bonds, but since it had a negative image, they had to go to the state power finance corporation. The investment from the government will give courage to financial institutions to invest in it,\" said a source.On the generation front, Paneerselvam said the state is facing difficulties in accessing power from outside due to corridor congestion. \"Our main thrust is on increasing our own generation capacity by speeding up ongoing projects and starting new projects,\" he said.For instance, the government has decided to implement a 1,600MW thermal power project at Udankudi at 8,000 crore as a proposed joint venture with Bharat Heavy Electricals has not taken off. Besides, government is taking steps to promote renewable energy generation. To promote savings, the government has ordered that compact fluorescent lamps be provided free to 14.62 lakh huts to replace incandescent lamps at a cost of 15 crore which is expected to result in savings of 45MW.It will initiate action to implement an energy conservation building code in commercial buildings based on energy consumption. At 30% energy savings, this has the potential to save 3MW per 10 lakh sq ft. Initiatives are being taken to strengthen transmission infrastructure for wind energy and funds have been sought from the Centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12423057", "title": "Liquidator appointed for Dunlop India", "text": "KOLKATA: The Calcutta high court on Monday appointed a provisional liquidator to take charge of the assets of Dunlop India Ltd (DIL).This effectively means that chairman Pawan Ruia or the company's board of directors won't be allowed to transfer property from the company till the court hears out the dozen-odd winding up petitions pending against DIL. Hearing of these petitions will start from Tuesday . Though a plea by DIL for a stay on this interim order was turned down by Justice Sanjib Banerjee, the company indicated later that it would go on appeal.The official liquidator of the high court will act as the provisional liquidator in this case, Justice Banerjee ordered.The provisional liquidator will not only be in charge of existing assets but also try and get back those that were transferred by DIL if such transfers are found to be fraudulent in nature. In 2000-2001 , Madura Coats Ltd (MCL) supplied some goods to DIL.Adispute arose over the payment after which MCL filed a civil suit against DIL. In 2009, MCL filed a winding-up petition against DIL, claiming that the latter owed the company Rs 2 crore. The matter was admitted by the high court. In 2012, MCL filed another petition before the court, seeking the appointment of a provisional liquidator as DIL. The petitioner alleged that unless a liquidator is appointed, during the hearing of the winding-up petition, DIL will sell off its assets to avoid paying off dues.The petition was challenged by DIL and submitted to the court that the sum mentioned by MCL is disputed. It was pointed out by DIL that a civil suit has already been filed by MCL and the court should wait for the outcome of that matter. It was also stated by DIL's counsel that the company came out of the Board of Industrial and Financial Reconstruction (BIFR) after its net worth turned positive. This reveals that the company is making a financial turnaround and there is no need for creditors to lose confidence on DIL, the lawyers contended.Advocate general Anindya Mitra also appeared in the matter and submitted that if DIL wants to revive, the state is ready to provide all assistance for the sake of generation of employment.. Counsel for MCL, however, insisted that no transfer of assets should be allowed from the company till the matter is finally settled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12421951", "title": "Students' conference discusses democracy", "text": "PUNE: The Millennium National School organized a conference on democracy recently where students from std VIII presented their take on democracy, governance and issues of humanity. The student groups presented their views through dramatized dialogues, street plays, video presentations and powerpoint presentations.The conference opened with a talk on democracy. One group spoke about the problems in world governance, with case studies of Afghanistan, Pakistan, Saudi Arabia and Somalia and also on policies of countries like US and China.A group performed a streetplay called \"Ye kaha aa gaye hum?\" They emphasized the need for citizens to take steps for improvement. A debate highlighted that illiteracy was the root cause of all problems and showed a chart on how India can solve the problem. The next group had a theme - \"Hum to aaise hi hai\" depicting indiscipline in India. The entire activity gave students an opportunity to do research, prepare presentations and deliver effective presentations. Swati Sardesai, a teacher, and head of the school Smita Deshpande guided students. Arpita Karkare, the director of Millennium, summarized the conclusions of all presentations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12423060", "title": "105-yr-old vows to beat cancer", "text": "KOLKATA: Subhashini Bag still recalls the mayhem in Contai in the years that followed the hanging of Khudiram Bose, just over a century ago. Shops and bazars would be shut down and roads blocked. The police would barge into any house they liked, arrest anyone.Subhashini remembers every bit of it. The 105-year-old still has a razor-sharp memory and according to doctors, she shows no signs of dementia, Alzheimer's or senility. She hasn't lost her zest for life either. Subhashini is the oldest cancer patient in the country and will be undergoing a surgery in Kolkata next month once her chemotherapy cycles are over. A 102-year-old woman in Mumbai, who underwent mastectomy in 2011, is the oldest so far. And Subhashini is elated about her imminent record-breaking feat.\"I am looking forward to a quick recovery. Doctors have told me that I will be fine after the surgery. Honestly, I can't wait to get the operation done for I want to lead a normal, active life which I have led so far. I am told that I am the oldest to undergo chemotherapy and once the operation is done, I will be the oldest to have a surgery as well. Perhaps, I can be an example for elderly patients who shy away from surgery,\" said the resident of Dakshin Haraschak in East Midnapore.Although she looks frail, the centenarian is fit enough to do her own chores. She even feeds her great grandchildren and takes care of them when their parents are away for work. Till December , she had no major ailment either. \"Suddenly , she started feeling very weak and lost weight. She lost her appetite and after about a week, she could hardly get up from her bed. We took her to a local doctor and got an ultrasonography done. It revealed a cancerous mass on the gall bladder,\" said grandson Nimai Ojha.Subhashini was referred to a private hospital in Kolkata where cancer was confirmed. But Subhashini was not heart-broken . Instead, she was keen to know how quickly she could recover and what treatment she has to go through. \"She was incredibly alert and fit for her age. Her memory is unusually sharp for a 105-year-old . Generally, we prefer not to operate even those who have crossed 85 years. But Subhashini is an exception,\" said Pinaki Ranjan Biswas, who has been treating her.She has completed three cycles of chemo and if she holds on through the next three, Subhashini will be on the operation table in the last week of April. \"We have administered a low dose of chemotherapy, considering her age. But she has endured it remarkably well so far. We hope to be able to reduce the size of her tumour after which she will undergo a laparoscopy,\" said Biswas. He added that if everything went according to plan, Subhashini will be cured in three weeks after the surgery.Not that she is confined to bed now. \"My grandma is moving around just as she always does. You can't tell that she is undergoing chemotherapy,\" said Ojha, adding that she still regales her great grandchildren and neighbours with tales about the freedom struggle. \"She vividly remembers taking part in the noncooperation movement. She and her parents had hid in a nearby forest to escape the police. Once she was caught and beaten up when barely 15. She is very proud of the fact that she took part in the freedom struggle,\" said Ojha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12422895", "title": "Higher FSI for LIG and MIG apartments", "text": "CHENNAI: To insulate the poor and the middle-class from rocketing property prices, the state government has announced additional floor space index (FSI) for housing projects catering to the low income (LIG) and middle income groups (MIG).FSI is the ratio of land area to the built-up area.The government will not levy any premium FSI charges while sanctioning additional FSI for LIG and MIG projects. In effect, the builder - the Tamil Nadu Housing Board or private developers - will be able to construct more built-up area without incurring additional cost on land. It would reduce the cost of such apartments, finance minister O Panneerselvam reasoned out in the budget. The FSI for multi-storeyed buildings is 2.5 while that for a ground floor plus three floors is 1.5. The new FSI guidelines are yet to be announced.The minister announced a slew of interest waivers on housing loans disbursed by cooperative housing societies. Interest waiver for LIG units is increased from 50% to 75%, for MIG from 25% to 50% and for HIG from 10% to 25%. Also, penal interest has been waived completely. While the government will contribute Rs 390 crore towards interest waiver, the cooperatives will forgo Rs 545 crore penal interest. The interest waiver scheme, to be in force till September 30, is expected to help societies mobilize Rs 665 crore over dues.The budget dealt a heavy blow to the construction industry, which includes the housing sector, by slapping a 50% increase in infrastructure and amenities charges, commonly known as impact fee, levied on all new buildings constructed in the state. As of now, a multi-storeyed residential building in any part of the state is charged an impact fee of Rs 25 per sq ft. For multi-storeyed commercial, IT, industrial or institutional buildings, the impact fee is Rs 50 per sq ft in Chennai and Chengelpet regions. In Coimbatore and Tirupur, it is Rs 37.5 per sq ft and in other regions it is Rs 25 per sq ft. A 50% hike in impact fee will translate into an increase of Rs 12,500 to Rs 25,000 for a 1,000 sq ft building depending on the category it belongs to.\"The builder community welcomes the increase in FSI for LIG and MIG housing. It will bring in more housing stock at affordable rates. Tamil Nadu faces a shortage of three million housing units. The government could have avoided increasing the infrastructure and amenities charges. It will lead to increase in prices of apartments,\" T Chitty Babu, Confederation of Real Estate Developers' Association of India, secretary said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12422400", "title": "State tough on power thieves, soft on farmers", "text": "MUMBAI: Builders told TOI that the aim to collect more tax from sand and the Plaster of Paris tax hike are not likely to affect flat rates. However, the higher PoP cost and a 5% levy on furnishing cloth may make interior decoration costlier.Cars costing up to Rs 10 lakh now face 9% and 11% tax for petrol and diesel, respectively. Those costing Rs 10-20 lakh face 10% and 12% tax, respectively, and those costing over Rs 20 lakh face 11% and 13% levies. The LPG tax will not only drive up household bills, but also make eating out more expensive, though restaurants and bars were grateful to see no new taxes on alcohol. But there was more bad news for kitchens and bakeries, with all dry fruits now facing a 5% tax. This means items like raisins and currants will get costlier.Among the beneficiaries were buyers of stationery, including schools, colleges and offices. The tax on writing boards and pads, blackboards, drawing and writing items, rulers, staplers, envelopes and other stationery was reduced from 12.5% to 5%. Cashew nuts, accounted for as a dry fruit, will attract a tax of only 5% instead of 12.5%. Semi-processed and readyto-cook food items, sanitary napkins , diapers, helmets, raincoats and ribbons will also cost less.NCP heavyweight Ajit Pawar presented a Rs 1.7 lakh crore budget , which estimated revenue receipts of Rs 1.37 lakh crore and a revenue surplus of Rs 152.49 crore. Pawar said the state expects to mop up an extra Rs 600 crore by way of the new tax proposals, which would help the government meet its whopping expenditure. A little over 63% of the estimated revenue is expected to go towards paying salaries, pensions and interest . The 5% tax on LPG will fetch an additional Rs 200 crore, while the higher vehicle tax will yield an extra Rs 250 crore. Another Rs 50 crore will come from the proposed hike in the stamp duty in rural areas.For 2011-12 the state's revenue receipts stood at Rs 1.25 lakh crore as against total expenditure of Rs 1.27 lakh crore. \"Last year, we had estimated a Rs 58-crore surplus. But it is actually a revenue deficit of Rs 2,058.71 crore,\" Pawar said. \"The farmers' package and few other expenses pushed the budget into a deficit,\" the finance minister added. For 2012-13 , the finance department has estimated revenue receipts of Rs 1,36,711.7 crore as against expenditure of Rs 1,36,559.23 crore. Pawar, who is also energy minister, has also proposed an amnesty scheme in a bid to expedite the recovery of outstanding electricity dues. The state is offering a waiver of 50% of the interest amount on pending dues of industrial consumers. This would cost the state Rs 1,700 crore. Besides , it is also offering farmers a waiver to the tune of Rs 2,500 c ro re. P aw a r said the s t at e would deal sternly with those stealing power. He warned that load-shedding would be more rampant in areas where those was a low recovery.Mahanirmiti has planned 11,015-mw power generation in the forthcoming budget from gas-, solar- and coal-based projects. The government has provided Rs 1,500 crore towards equity capital for Mahanirmiti. Another Rs 2,500 crore has been budgeted for improvement of basic infrastructure by Mahavitaran, the distribution arm, and another Rs 500 crore as equity capital. To ensure that people in rural areas do not suffer because of loadshedding , the state is going to spend Rs 85 crore to provide more single-phase connections.Pawar has continued last year's concession on essential commodities . He said sales tax could exceed the target of Rs 47,975 crore by approximately Rs 4,000 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12425023", "title": "Now, Tarun Kumar\u2019s grandson in films", "text": "The pressure to carry on a great legacy weighs heavily on his tender shoulders. After all, Sourav Banerjee, all of 20, has yet another identity apart from being a regular college-goer - he is Tarun Kumar's grandson.Making his debut as a protagonist in newcomer Debasish Sen Sharma's football film, \" Bicycle Kick\", the youngster says he is in no mood to give in.Fed on a diet of the Bengali classics that featured his maternal grandfather and his elder brother, the great Uttam Kumar, Sourav hasn't been to an acting school - he didn't need any.\"Ranjit Mallick had once told me that if I watch my grandfather's films, it would be learning enough for me. I was in Class III when I featured in \"Patalghar\". That time Dadu was alive. He saw the film and said my acting was up to the mark. That was the biggest compliment ever. He told me that I needn't follow him or anybody and that acting comes from within,\" he says.And how did he land this role? \"I knew the EP, Abhijit Dey. So, when the story was first narrated to me, I took an immediate liking for it. It's a football film with a strong storyline and is different from the regular boy-meets-girl stories. Acting, for me, has been an obvious choice,\" says the youngster.Incidentally, Uttam Kumar's grandson, Gourab Chatterjee, too has taken up acting. Was that inspiring? \"Before he made his big screen debut with Tarun Majumdar's \"Bhalobashar Onek Naam\", I had already done \"Patalghar\" and a lot many plays. But Gourab has done more work than me, so he always chips in with some readymade tips on how to groom oneself.\"He adds, \"Both of us have tremendous interest in world cinema and that features in almost every discussion that we have.\"Ask him about his fave Tarun Kumar film and the youngster's quick to quip, \"There are so many. But who can forget \"Deya Neya\" and that famous scene between the two brothers in the song, \"Dole dodul dole jhulona\"? After that there's \"Antony Firingi\", \"Sanyasi Raja\" and so many more.\" Shooting over, Sourav is currently busy with the film's dubbing. \"My mother (Jhimli Banerjee) has also inspired me to take up singing and that's anther area I'm concentrating on.\" But aren't comparisons inevitable when the film releases? \"This is my first film as a protagonist and I'm hopeful that the audience will understand that.\"Meanwhile, Debasish is happy the way \"Bicycle kick\" has turned out. Calling Sourav a perfect fit for Rubayet, the central character in his film, the director says, \"There's a certain innocence in Sourav's face that struck me. Apart from that, he is extremely sincere and hardworking.\" Debasish has also been greatly inspired by Moti Nandi's sports literature. \"My film is a tribute to the writer. In fact, the football coach in my film is named after him.\"No less impressed with the newcomer is Anilabha Chatterjee, who has choreographed the football scenes in the film. \"When I directed a part of \"Egaro\", I needed to emphasize on the training bit a lot more. But here, most are budding players. Sourav, on the other hand, is not a footballer , but he has more than made up for it with his expressions. I've seen him act in \"Patalghar\" and was mighty impressed. I just hope he carries forward his grandfather's legacy.\"One can't agree more.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12422423", "title": "Home rates seen stable on rising costs, says Crisil", "text": "MUMBAI: Home buyers in city may not find it cheaper to purchase flats despite drop in sales as prices are likely to remain steady due to sharp rise in construction costs and higher rates to fund the projects, according to Crisil, an integrated research company.Though flat sales have dropped by 40% since June 2011, property prices in the suburbs will remain steady but may see a decline of around 10% in some parts of Central Mumbai and around 7% in South Mumbai. Crisil said inputs costs that saw a 25% rise in 2010, will see another jump as it expects cement to go up by 5%, steel by 7-9 % and labour charges to increase by 10-15 %.\"Recent amendments in the Development Control Regulations (DCR) will further increase costs for builders by 15%. The reason being that the new rules permit developers to buy additional FSI (floor space index) of up to 35% of the current FSI, by paying a fee calculated at 60% of the readyreckoner rate-the rate at which the stamp duty is levied,\" said Sudhir Nair, head of Crisil Research.DCR norms govern land development in Mumbai and the modified rules that came into effect from January have revised the method of calculating FSI. Spaces allotted for balconies, flowerbeds and terraces are now included in the FSI calculation . These spaces typically comprise one-third of the built-up area-even more for high-end apartments. This revision will impact the total area available for sale.Crisil said though enquiries remained strong but only a few translated into actual sales since 2011. \"Higher interest rates, slower economic growth, inflationary pressure and expectation of price correction led most buyers to defer buying decisions . In 2012, the latent demand is likely to spur a moderate 10% increase in new home sales,\" said Nair.Knight Frank chairman Pranay Vakil said developers are borrowing at very high rates in anticipation of better sales. \"They are hoping against hope that the stock markets improve, the situation changes and sales start happening again. While it is easy for developers to raise rates, they find it difficult to drop it,\" Vakil said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12421284", "title": "Lok Sabha panel mulls action against Team Anna", "text": "NEW DELHI: The speeches given by Team Anna Hazare members are a fit case for privilege and could be considered for appropriate action, Lok Sabha privilege committee chair P C Chacko said.Speaking to TOI on Monday, Chacko said \"The comments made by activists generalizing MPs as dacoits and murderers are quite unacceptable. It is an attempt to blackmail Parliament into blindly accepting their demands.\"Chacko said as yet no complaint has been referred to him by Lok Sabha Speaker Meira Kumar , but the committee would be ready to seek an explanation from persons who leveled allegations against MPs. \"We would want to know why the comments were made. Were they innocent or did they indicate a motive,\" he said.The Kerala MP said Team Anna had previously attracted the attention of MPs for statements that were seen to be insulting and allegations that were made without substantiation. \"It has been felt in the past the matter can be dropped after apologies. This time we need to consider whether the actions were deliberate and provocative,\" he said.In the past, Team Anna members Arvind Kejriwal and Kiran Bedi as well as actor Om Puri, who gave a speech during last year's agitation at Delhi's Ram Lila Maidan, have attracted the MPs' ire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "12421114", "title": "Accused in Morjim assault case hospitalized", "text": "MAPUSA: The accused in the taxi driver assault case at Morjim has been admitted to the new district hospital at Mapusa after he complained of health problems on Monday, said police.The accused, Anton Paul Britto, was remanded to police custody for 6 days. But, police informed that they have not recorded statements of the accused as doctors said he was not fit for questioning.Taxi driver Gaja Shetgaonkar, 34, of Muradiwada in Morjim, was allegedly stabbed by Britto, a resident of Ashvem, on Friday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12421867", "title": "DPC approves revised projects of 78 local bodies", "text": "KOCHI: The District Planning Council (DPC) on Monday gave approval to various revised projects of 78 local bodies. Earlier, when these projects had come up for approval in the council, the authorities had asked for their revision, following which the local bodies resubmitted the projects with changes.Projects related to drinking water, social security mission, maintenance of roads and bridges, etc. were among the lot that got DPC sanction. The projects were mainly submitted by Ernakulam district panchayat, Kothamangalam, Maradu and Thrikkakara municipalities, Edappally, Koothattukulam and Vazhakkulam block panchayats.District planning council chairman Eldhose Kunnappilly said that the local bodies were asked to revise the projects as they were not feasible according to the norms of the state-level technical committee.\"The funds allocated for several projects were more than the allocated amount. Since the financial year is about to end, we had asked them to revise the projects so that the funds would not lapse,\" said Kunnappilly.The council unanimously passed a resolution demanding an extension of period for project execution by one more month. \"For the last one month we could not execute various projects as the code of conduct related to the Piravom bypoll had been in force. If the government does not allow our request, the funds will lapse,\" said Kunnappilly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12422094", "title": "Sector 27 next target for sealing drive on Wed", "text": "NOIDA: With the designated \"sealing day\" approaching fast, the Noida Authority on Monday held a meeting to chart out the course for the drive scheduled for shutting down illegal commercial units on March 29. On the sealing radar for Wednesday are 44 properties in sector 27. A list of these allottees has also been handed over to the sector's RWA and the area's market association so that they may issue an alert to close shops immediately or face action.In a meeting presided over by Noida's acting chairman and CEO, Anil Raj Kumar, administrative officer Rajesh Prakash outlined the steps for the sealing drive. The officials warned that all allottees flouting land use norms will invite sealing of premises and \"there would be no exceptions\". \"For Wednesday we have earmarked sector 27, which has almost 22 allottees operating out of the area called Indra market, a part of Atta village,\" said Prakash. \"Another 22 \"shops\" have been found by our project engineers during the survey to be conducting commercial activity from their residences,\" Prakash said.\"During a meeting with RWA representatives of sector 27, we issued a warning for such establishments to close immediately,\" said the CCEO. \"If these allottees continue, we will not only seal their properties but also issue directions for lease deed cancellation,\" Kumar added.\"Four teams of senior officials have been formed and they will spread out across the sector to carry out the procedure,\" explained the CCEO. \"Besides the senior officials, the sealing teams will be accompanied by adequate security forces, PAC personnel, tear gas operators and women police officers,\" Kumar said.Meanwhile, even as the Noida Authority has adopted a new approach to continue sealing all erring commercial units in Noida, the members of the Noida Entrepreneurs' Association who had received 'shutdown' notices from the Authority met the acting CCEO on Monday to request for relief. The president of the association, Vipin Malhan also requested the CCEO to take up their matter in the next Authority board meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12422040", "title": "Businessman robbed of Rs 17L", "text": "NEW DELHI: Armed men snatched a bag containing Rs 17 lakh from a south Delhi businessman right outside his house in Saket on Sunday night. Yogesh Sakhuja, 33, who lives with his family in J block of Saket said he was robbed at gunpoint just minutes after returning home from his office in Neb Sarai at 8pm.According to Sakhuja, he was carrying a bag which contained around Rs 16.32 lakh.\"Just after I parked my car and was in the process of collecting my bag and heading towards my house, three men, all carrying guns, rushed towards me,\" Sakhuja told the police.\"Seconds later, one of the accused put a gun to my head and snatched my bag. The other two men also pointed their guns at me. Frightened, I handed them my bag after which they pushed me and fled towards their car,\" Sakhuja said. The police have recorded Sakhuja's statement and registered a case of armed robbery under section 392 of IPC at the Saket police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12421374", "title": "Ruckus over Gen V K Singh's charge holds up Rajya Sabha", "text": "NEW DELHI: Army chief General V K Singh's allegation that he was offered bribe had its echo in the Rajya Sabha on Monday with the Upper House being adjourned twice when members raised the issue demanding explanation from the government.As soon as the House met for the day, BJP member Prakash Javadekar said he had given a notice for suspension of Question Hour to discuss the Army chief's issue.He was joined by members from AIADMK and JD (U) who were up on their feet raising slogans and displaying copies of the newspaper that carried the Army chief's interview.JD (U) members Shivanand Tiwari said: \"The Army Chief should be asked if he was offered bribe, why did he not call police.\" As the Rajya Sabha chairman Hamid Ansari's repeated pleas to members to restore order went unheeded, he adjourned the House till noon.The Rajya Sabha was adjourned the second time later when the Opposition members resented that the House had no information about government's move over the Army chief's allegation and said the media was reporting that the government had already ordered a CBI probe. As defence minister A K Antony was not present in the Rajya Sabha, BJP member S S Ahluwalia sought that the House be adjourned for some time so that the government can inform the House.Except for Union coal minister Sriprakash Jaiswal, none of the minister was present in the House at that time. Even the deputy chairman K Rahman Khan rued absence of parliamentary affairs minister in the House. As the din continued demanding government's response, deputy chairman adjourned the House till 2pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12420743", "title": "Roar to lion conservation efforts in Gujarat!", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The roar of Asiatic lions in Gujarat just got louder. The conservation efforts of the state are now reflected not just in the growing numbers of the big cats but also in the Red List of the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN).IUCN has now shifted the big cats from critically endangered species category to endangered species.This change has been triggered by the state's undying conservation efforts and the growing populace of lions in Gujarat.Asiatic lions of Gujarat were listed as critically endangered species in 2000. The IUCN list released recently has listed the 'lion king' in the endangered species category. IUCN officials have justified this change thus: \"Asiatic lion exists as a single isolated population in India's Gujarat state. The number of mature lions has been increasing, all occurring within one subpopulation (but in four separate areas, three of which are outside of the Gir forest protected area). Since the population now extends beyond the boundary of the lion sanctuary, and the numbers are stable, the subspecies is listed as Endangered based simply on the population size.\"A senior Gujarat forest officer said that the IUCN report has quoted 2005 figures, which shows that the lion populace of Gujarat has 175 mature animals. But the 2011 census has revealed that the lion populace here consists of 97 males and 162 females. The forest officer added, \"Going by the global criteria, if the population of adults is about 50 per cent of the total population it is considered to be healthy. In 2011, of the 411 lions, the adult population was 259.\"The IUCN Red List of Threatened Species is globally recognized as the most comprehensive and objective approach in evaluating the conservation status of plant and animal species.Y V Jhala, head of the department of Animal Ecology and Conservation Biology, told TOI: \"This report reflects the success of lion conservation in Gujarat. It is a feather in the cap for the state. Gujarat should now set a target to get the big cat listed in a further safer category - threatened species.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12423189", "title": "ASI asks VMC to be cautious with construction nods", "text": "VADODARA: Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) has asked Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) not to process any application for construction around two protected monuments in the city on the basis of precedence. It has said that some such applications were being processed by the ASI.In a letter to the civic body, ASI said that it had received 20 applications for alterations in structures around the two protected monuments in the city - Tambekarwada and Hazira in Pratapnagar. It also informed the civic body that such applications were examined and then sent to National Monuments Authority (NMA) at New Delhi that decided on giving the permissions.The ASI has stated that it was possible that some of the applicants would be given a no objection certificate to go ahead with their constructions. But it stated that such a nod should not be treated as a precedence to give permissions to other applications by the VMC. This effectively implies that each case will have to be treated individually.The ASI has also stated that at times the process of giving the no objection certificate took a long time. The delay, it states, is owing to the fact that the applications have to be submitted with certain documents and a thorough check was done on the site also by its officials before sending them to the NMA at New Delhi that took a final call.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12422081", "title": "Research needed in ayurveda: Experts", "text": "VARANASI: Highlighting the need to maintain in-house quality control on ayurveda preparations for its global acceptance, Prof ML Sharma, vice chancellor, Gujarat Ayurveda University (GAU), Jamnagar emphasised the need to extend teaching and research in ayurveda.The expert was inaugurating a day-long national seminar on 'recent advances and future challenges in ayurveda' organised on the Rajiv Gandhi South Campus (RGSC), Barkachha (Mirzpaur), under Banaras Hindu University on Monday. Emphasising on the need to extend teaching and research in ayurveda, GAU VC said there was also a need to give attention to pharmacology section to come up with good pharmacist in the discipline. Saying that there was no control on ayurvedic preparation, he also cautioned against adverse drug reactions and to maintain safety and efficacy in ayurvedic drugs.Presiding over the inaugural session, director, IMS, BHU, Prof TM Mohapatra said ayurveda was at a crossroads and there was a need for stringent procedures to maintain safety and efficacy along with its global acceptance.Chairman, core group, RGSC, Prof. SK Singh stressed on regulatory reform to maintain quality, efficacy, safety and standardization of ayurvedic drugs on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12426134", "title": "Sonai Agarwal's dating a businessman", "text": "It is now heard that Sonai Agarwal is moving close with a gold merchant from Chennai.Many heroines glow like stars in the tinsel town and will down like a comet to settle with a rich guy in life. But our heroine tied the knot with a happening director to put a big 'comma' to her dwindling career.Sonai Agarwal, the ravishing siren who made heads turn with her alluring acts in '7/g brindavan colony' retired from acting after marrying Selvaraghavan, the director of the same film. However, she called it 'quits' and is back to sizzle on silver screen given her penchant for acting. It is now heard that she is moving close with a gold merchant from Chennai. They say that it is his investment behind Sonia's recently launched musical-instrument store for her brother. 'Nothing is happening for Sonia after she returned to acting again.She is only getting B-grade offers given her sexy assets and luring skin-shows. Top heroes find her too aged to act with', a source revealed. Well, at least this time she will settle down in life as her husband is a bada 'businessman'!Source: Gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12421263", "title": "Chastened NRI businessman Anshuman Mishra apologizes to BJP leaders", "text": "NEW DELHI: Faced with the prospects of a defamation suit and the collective ire of the BJP, NRI businessman Anshuman Mishra on Monday retracted his comments and apologized to senior party leaders against who he had leveled allegations.Mishra who gave several TV interviews after BJP withdrew support for his candidature for a Rajya Sabha seat from Jharkhand and leveled unsubstantiated allegations apologized to party leaders L K Advani, M M Joshi, Nitin Gadkari , Yashwant Sinha and Arun Jaitley soon after Jaitley served a legal notice on him.Mishra said he was offering a \"complete and unequivocal public retraction\" and \"sincerest apologies\" for his comments. The businessman further said that he \"had no significant association or relationship with BJP.\"The businessman's candidature was nixed after senior leaders decided to take up the matter with BJP president Nitin Gadkari. After his publicity blitz, Mishra said he now wanted to be left alone and requested the media to respect his private space.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "seoul", "code": "12424116", "title": "PM Manmohan Singh says nuclear terrorism remains potent threat", "text": "SEOUL: India on Tuesday warned that nuclear terrorism will remain a potent threat as long as there are terrorists seeking to gain access to atomic material and technologies, asserting that the best guarantee for nuclear security is a world free of such weapons.\"India is acutely conscious of this threat,\" Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said, addressing the second Nuclear Security Summit in Seoul . He said an India-piloted resolution on measures to deny terrorists access to weapons of mass destruction had been adopted by consensus since 2002.Singh said India backed the extension of the UNSC resolution 1540 and the work of its committee. The resolution seeks enforcement of legal and regulatory measures against the proliferation of chemical, biological, radiological and nuclear weapons to non-state actors.\"Nuclear terrorism will remain a potent threat as long as there are terrorists seeking to gain access to nuclear material and technologies for malicious purposes,\" he said.The best guarantee for nuclear security is a world free from nuclear weapons, he said, noting that former Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi put forward an Action Plan for global nuclear disarmament in a time-bound framework almost 25 years ago. \"This remains the most comprehensive and elaborate proposal to achieve this objective.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "12421971", "title": "Cops crack BSL murder mystery", "text": "BOKARO: District police claim to have cracked the Bokaro murder case. Four decomposed bodies of one family were found inside the Bokaro Steel Plant on March 20. Police said three neighbours of the family were behind the murder.The accused were identified as Chottu Choudhary, Jitender Sao and Raju Sao. Choudhary is the next door neighbour of the deceased and Jitender and Raju also reside in the same colony.Choudhary, a known criminal, is in judicial custody while the other two are absconding. The trio attacked Anila, her daughter Priyanka and two sons Neeraj and Dheerendra Singh with sharp weapons and also opened fire at them.Bokaro additional superintendent of police Prasant Karn said Choudhary had confessed to the crime. Based on Choudhary's confession, police have recovered a country-made pistol and a sword from Jitender's house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12422366", "title": "Wakf scam: committee to recover land suggested", "text": "BANGALORE: Anwar Manippady, member of the committee that surveyed wakf board lands, has recommended that the government set up a high-power committee to check corruption in the board. He also proposed the appointment of a task force to retrieve properties sold illegally to influential people.In Bidar, of the 3,789 acres of wakf land, 1,803 acres has been encroached upon, Manippady, chief of the Karnataka State Minorities Commission, told reporters. Properties across Karnataka were sold in collusion with wakf board officials and mutvallis (property managers), he said.Congress leader R Roshan Baig said a CBI inquiry should be ordered into the scam. \"The guilty should be brought to book.\" Congress MLA Tanveer Sait said the report is a BJP conspiracy to malign leaders belonging to a minority community to cover up scams involving BJP ministers since May 2008.The BJP government constituted the panel in November 2011 after complaints and media reports on the involvement of politicians and wakf board officials in the illegal sale of wakf land to individuals.Govt Withdraws Bsy Govt's Denotification Of BDA PlotBANGALORE: The high court on Monday dismissed a PIL filed by a Congress legislator after it was informed that denotification of BDA land which was the subject matter in the petition had been withdrawn. A division bench headed by CJ Vikramajit Sen recorded a memo filed on this saying the urban development department had issued an order on February 8, 2012, withdrawing the January 12, 2010 denotification order issued by the then government led by BS Yeddyurappa. This was in respect of one acre land at Jarakbandekaval near Nandini Layout .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12421898", "title": "Quarrying at Mookkunnimala continues despite high court ban", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Spurning the high court order banning quarrying in the assigned land at Mookkunnimala, contractors who run quarries and crushers in the area continue with the operations. Locals, who had approached the high court with a petition against quarrying, are upset over the inaction by the police despite being armed with the high court order.Quarries and crushers function in around 200 acres of land atop Mookkunnimala in Pallichal village. The land had been assigned to 90 families in 1970 for starting rubber plantations. \"A plot of 3.50 acres was sanctioned to each applicant under a self-employment scheme by the then government. The land was assigned to people from different parts of the state. Now, more than two-third of that land is under the possession of quarry contractors,\" said one of the residents in the area.He said the quarry contractors had cajoled and threatened the original owners in the area to sell the land to them. \"It started as a small scale business but now they use high-end explosives and advanced equipment to quarry the land in large scale,\" said another resident pointing to the cracks on the wall of his house. \"Whenever we point out these issues, the contractors promise that they will pay for repair works. But, nothing will happen,\" he added.It was in 2010 that N Subaida Beevi, a resident of Mookkunni mala, approached the high court with a petition praying closure of the quarries in the area. The main contention of the petitioner was that quarrying was being done in the land assigned for rubber cultivation. On February 7, this year, justice S Sirijagan ordered that the government should ensure that no quarrying activities were undertaken by anybody in the properties in question. During the argument of the case, the government pleader had submitted that the land had been assigned for rubber cultivation and could not be used for any other purpose. \"A stop memo has been issued directing the concerned respondents to stop the quarrying activities and the police have been directed to register cases,\" the government pleader had informed the court.The wide spread quarrying in the area is also causing security threat to the Army and the Air Force bases operating at Mookkunnimala. In a confidential letter sent by the commanding officer of the southern air command to the district collector in September, 2009, it had been pointed out that quarrying activities in the area had intensified and was taking place as close as 60-70 metres from the fencing of the Air Force station in some places.The Air Force authorities also expressed concern about the Bengali workers employed in the quarries. \"The possibility of migrant Bangladeshis with malafide intention among them can't be ruled out,\" the commanding officer said in the letter. Locals allege that neither the revenue officials nor the police do anything to prevent this illegal activity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12422438", "title": "Doctors save lung of 2-yr-old fall survivor", "text": "MUMBAI: Performing a complicated but successful seven-hourlong surgery, doctors in a Mumbai hospital were able to save the lung of a twoyear-old girl, which had collapsed when she fell from the fourth floor of her building in Surat. Though the incident took place in December 2011, it was only a fortnight later that doctors who were treating Jancy Kotadia-for fractures she had sustained after the fall-discovered that her right lung had collapsed . For nearly three months her parents did the rounds of specialists in Gujarat and Mumbai, but were told that her lung would have to be removed.Then two weeks ago, doctors at Bombay Hospital in Marine Lines, after reviewing the case, said they would be able to save her lung.Jancy's mother still remembers that fateful day in December when she heard a thud followed by a wail from the ground floor of their building. She heard people screaming that a girl who was playing near the landing of her flat had fallen down four floors. \"It was a sight we will never forget,\" said Jancy's father Manish. \"People on the ground floor had already picked her up. We could see that her left hand was at an odd angle. When we touched her, she would howl in pain. Her right leg was broken too.\"At a hospital in Surat, Jancy underwent two operations for the injuries she had sustained. In the 18 days it took for her to heal, doctors found another complication. Her right lung was not working. \"They told us that her right lung had collapsed , but nobody could tell us if they could treat her. All they said was that they would have to remove her lung, which could be a danger to her life,\" said Manish.The family had nearly given up hope when specialists agreed to operate on Jancy at Bombay Hospital . \"There was a fracture in her bronchia, because of which the passage of oxygen had stopped. We found that her lung had collapsed and stopped functioning completely . We decided that we could reconstruct the lung and make it function. We had performed a similar surgery earlier, though the patient was an 18-year-old ,\" said Dr Prakash Patil, thoracic oncosurgeon at Bombay Hospital.Last Monday, a team of doctors conducted a seven-hour-long surgery on Jancy. Keeping her age in mind, they anaesthetized her left lung instead of administering general anaesthesia. They cut the lung from the bronchia and sutured it to another hole that they made in the trachea. \"The case was rare and complicated. The lung had remained collapsed for three months with no oxygen. It had filled up with mucal secretion,\" said Dr Patil. Had it not been for the surgery, Jancy would not have been able to lead a normal life, say doctors. \"Had we let the lung be, it could have caught an infection. She would not have been able to survive an infection or any other health condition with one lung,\" he said. Jancy is on the road to recovery, and will be discharged soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "anand", "code": "12421631", "title": "Swine flu case detected in Gujarat", "text": "ANAND: A 26-year-old youth, who was admitted in a private hospital in Anand, has tested positive for swine flu on Monday. After the previous nation-wide outbreak of swine flu, this is the first such positive case reported in Gujarat.Since cases of influenza H1N1 virus - commonly known as swine flu - had come to light in neighbouring states of Rajasthan and Maharashtra, Gujarat health department was already on high alert.Ghanshyam Rathod, a resident of Rampura in Bakrol area of Anand town, was admitted in a private hospital in Anand on Thursday. After the private hospital officials informed Anand district health officer S B Shah about symptoms of swine flu in the patient, health officials collected his saliva and blood samples on Sunday and sent them to Ahmedabad for further tests.\"The reports have arrived and the patient has tested positive for swine flu,\" Shah told TOI on Monday. The health officials have already given prophylactic treatment to the patient's wife and his parents. Officials have started administering tamiflu to the family members as a precautionary measure. Hospital staff have also been given preventive medicines.Rathod has been on ventilator over the past five days but his condition is stable. \"His condition is much better now,\" said Shah. Rathod got married on March 12 but since the time of his marriage he was suffering from cold, cough and fever. When he did not recover despite medication, he was admitted to the hospital in Anand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12425470", "title": "Nayanthara is back on sets!", "text": "Post her break-up with ace director-choreographer Prabhu Deva a few months back, Nayanthara decided to come back to her first love - films!Currently, she has four projects on hand and is back in Hyderabad ready to start shooting again. She is starting off with the Krish-directed film, Krishnam Vende Jagatguru with Rana Daggubati. She will also simultaneously shoot for the Gopichand flick to be directed by Bhoopathi Pandian.She was recently in Chennai to receive the Kalasudha Award and looked like a million bucks. People clamoured to meet her and the paparazzi went crazy seeing the actress in public after months. While she was seeing Prabhu Deva, she hardly ventured out to public functions maintaining a very low profile. Here;s wishing her loads of luck and success!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12421965", "title": "Andhra\u2019s Samatha verdict model in new law for landless", "text": "RANCHI: The state government is framing an anti-displacement law that would be based on some features of the Samatha judgment of 1997. The judgment was passed by the Supreme Court in 1997 on a petition filed by an Andhra Pradesh-based social organization of the tribal people, Samatha, against the state government for restricting transfer of government land to non-tribal people for mining and industrial purposes in the areas under Schedule V of the Constitution.Chief minister Arjun Munda told the assembly on this government move on Monday while answering a question raised by Kamal Kishore Bhagat of AJSUP during the CM's question hour.Bhagat sought to know from the chief minister if the government had any plans to safeguard tribal interest particularly with regard to restricting land transfer to private companies like Tata, Jindal Steel Works, Birla and PSUs like Steel Authority of India Limited (SAIL), CCL and BCCL. He claimed that such transfers are not just illegal but contrary to the constitutional protection available to the tribal people against their right to property in the areas under Schedule V.He claimed that the tribal and indigenous people residing in this part of the country have not obtained their constitutional rights in absence of proper anti-displacement act as a result of which mines and industries have flourished at the cost of tribals being uprooted.This was one among the couple of questions out of total 10 answered by the chief minister during question hour that obtained a detailed and satisfactory reply. Munda admitted that the tribals in the state have been displaced and badly affected due to mining activities and need protection. \"A sub-committee of the tribal advisory committee has been constituted to look into the matter, particularly with the objective of studying the Samatha judgment of 1997. Based on its salient features, it'll come up with a draft proposal for an anti-displacement act,\" he said.Expressing hope that the new act would address most of the concerns of tribal people as far as their complaints and demands related to protection of land rights and proper compensation is concerned, Munda said that under no circumstances the state government can allow violation of constitutional rights given to the tribal and indigenous people in the state.In yet another policy matter of the state government, Munda said that backlog vacancies in the reservation category would be filled up by people of the respective categories only.Answering to a query raised by independent MLA Chamra Linda, he said that initially the department of personnel and administrative reforms contemplated to fill up the backlog vacancies by people belonging to reserved category but later a policy decision has been taken to fill up vacancies by members of respective categories.\"The vacancies for STs will not be filled up by members of the SC or OBC category and vice-versa,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12422035", "title": "Faridabad Metro link gets nod", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi Metro's extensions into the national capital region got a shot in the arm on Monday with the Haryana government signing an MoU with the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) for the extension of the Central Secretariat-Badarpur line.The 13.8km corridor, which is part of the Phase III of the Delhi Metro network, will have nine stations and will terminate at YMCA Chowk. Work on the extension has already started, with DMRC awarding the tender for the construction in February this year.The fully-elevated corridor, the longest Metro line in the NCR, will be constructed at an estimated cost of Rs 2,494 crore and is expected to be commissioned by 2014, said a DMRC spokesperson. According to the detailed project report (DPR), the daily ridership of the 13.875 km metro corridor is expected to be 2.14 lakhs in 2014 after commissioning of the corridor. The corridor will be a standard gauge corridor, that is of 1435 mm. The stations on the corridor are Sarai, NHPC Chowk, Mewala Maharajpur, Sector 27 A, Badkal Mor, Old Faridabad, Ajronda, Faridabad New Town and YMCA Chowk.Added the DMRC spokesperson, \"The funding pattern of the corridor is such that the Haryana government will give Rs 1,472.4 crore, which is excluding the cost of land. The government of India will pitch in with Rs 536.6 crore while DMRC will put in Rs 400 crore in the form of rolling stock.\"The required land for the construction of the project is being provided free of cost by the Haryana government to DMRC on lease basis, the official added.A train maintenance depot will also be constructed near Sector 20 A in Faridabad and will be called Ajronda Depot. The work has commenced for the boundary wall, added the Delhi Metro spokesperson. The corridor will cover a distance of approximately 43.40km from Kashmere Gate to YMCA Chowk in Faridabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "warangal/hyderabad", "code": "12421947", "title": "Another suicide puts Telangana on the boil", "text": "WARANGAL/HYDERABAD: The Telangana region is on the boil once again with another pro-Telangana activist ending his life in Hanamkonda in Warangal district on Monday. The suicide of Shyamala Rajamouli, a 48-year-old auto driver, raised tempers across Telangana as it came within two days of MBA student Lunavath Bhojya Naik taking his life on Saturday. A daily wager too attempted suicide in Wanaparthy in Mahbubnagar district in support of the T cause but escaped with burn injuries.In New Delhi to attend the budget session of Parliament, TRS supremo K Chandrasekhar Rao warned that the Lok Sabha will not be allowed to function till a bill on Telangana was introduced, and called for a bandh across the 10 districts of the region in Tuesday in protest against Rajamouli's suicide and the 'insensitivity' of the Centre to the separate state demand. However, the ongoing SSC exams and public transport were kept out of the bandh's purview.With the Telangana Political JAC, BJP , Congress and TDP leaders from the region as well as Osmania and Kakatiya Universities Students JAC deciding to support the bandh, normalcy in the Telangana region is slated to be hit on Tuesday. TRS floor leader E Rajender said in Hyderabad that no business establishment including malls, theatres, petrol pumps and eateries will be allowed to operate on the day of the bandh. Police however said that full bandobast had been made to prevent the situation from getting out of hand.Rajamouli immolated himself at the Public Gardens in Hanamkonda -- hardly 200 metres from the district police headquarters -- saying he was sacrificing his life for Telangana. Hailing from Thimmampet of Zaffargadh mandal, Rajamouli came to the gardens at around 10.40 am, sat under a tree, poured petrol on his body and then lit fire raising 'Jai Telangana' slogans.Eye-witnesses said in view of the SSC examinations, there were very few people in the park and even less vehicular traffic. Some children were playing in the park. \"We saw smoke and rushed to the spot and saw him in flames. Before we could rescue him, he died,\" a hotel worker said. The charred body of Rajamouli who hails from Kashibugga was later shifted to Mahatma Gandhi Memorial Hospital. His son Sharath, a BTech student, said that his father stopped talking after Naik's suicide. \"He also did not take out his auto in the last two days,\" he said.Earlier, high drama prevailed at MGM hospital when TRS activists and Telangana Auto Drivers Union (TADU) members staged protests, charging the police authorities with hiding a suicide note purportedly written by Rajamouli. \"Police constable Venu was at the spot and he handed over the letter to his higher-ups,\" TADU members alleged. However, Warangal SP Rajesh Kumar denied the charge and said investigations were under way to ascertain the cause of the death. Based on a complaint from Sharath, police registered a case. The deceased auto driver is survived by wife and two children .Rajamouli was cremated in the night at Kashibugga but his funeral procession was marred by violence. At MGM hospital junction, angry T protesters pelted stones on statues of Rajiv Gandhi , Indira Gandhi and Y S Rajasekhara Reddy.Meanwhile, in Mahbubnagar's Wanaparthy, Balaraj Goud, 40, a daily wage labourer, poured petrol and tried to set himself on fire shouting slogans in support of Telangana at a rally. However, he was overpowered by other rallyists and taken to a hospital. He suffered minor burns. The rally was taken out to condole the death of Bhojya Naik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "12420957", "title": "Tourism stakeholders happy with sops", "text": "PORVORIM: It's Happy Hours for the tourism sector and stakeholders are on a high.Ralph De Souza, spokesperson, Travel and Tourism Association of Goa told TOI, \"I think it is a balanced Budget, given the time constraint. There are a lot of good things for the tourism sector such as the tourism promotion board. The tourism policy will also safeguard Goa's interests.\"De Souza welcomed the diversification of tourism into areas such as heritage, cultural, medical and backwater. He felt that this, coupled with better infrastructure and reduction of luxury tax by 50% during off-season, will boost tourism.\"The convention centre is another very important initiative. We don't have one and require it as we are missing out on hosting international conventions. It will be a great benefit to Goa's tourism sector,\" said de Souza.He noted that Public Private Partnerships for projects like the oceanarium and planetarium will aid tourism.John Lobo, general secretary, Shack Owners Welfare Society said, \"It is a good Budget, a people-friendly Budget. We are happy with it.\"He felt the entry tax on out-of-station vehicles should be heavier as \"it will bring revenue and deter cheap tourists who do not spend any money, just sleep in their vehicles or on the beaches\".He, however, felt the casino entry fee should have been kept the same or increased instead of being decreased. \"The government should form a new shack policy which will enable shacks to begin operations from September,\" said Lobo.Barnabe Sapeco, member of GCCI's tourism committee said, \"I think the entire BJP manifesto has been put into the Budget. Reduced tax on Aviation Turbine Fuel will make flights to Goa cheaper. Proper garbage management will help make Goa a cleaner tourist destination.\" He felt the \"VAT on food as well as taxes on small hotels and restaurants should be reduced\".Antonio Lobo, member of TTAG said, \"Overall the Budget seems to be good. Cleanliness of the state is important as it directly affects tourism. Announcement of construction of the new Zuari Bridge is also a step in the right direction. Reduction of luxury tax in the off-season is a welcome step as hotels run practically empty and give cut-rate tariffs during that time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12421979", "title": "Last-minute changes in list trigger unrest", "text": "NEW DELHI: A fierce power tussle rocked Congress on the last day of nominations for the civic elections. Sparks flew after some candidates brandishing party symbol letters filed nominations from the same ward. This created an unwieldy situation with two candidates in fray from the same seat and both refusing to withdraw.At Vishnu Garden and Khayala seats, Congress MLA from Rajouri Garden Dayanand Chandelia's son Meghraj and daughter-in-law Meenakshi were declared candidates on Sunday night. But their names were replaced with two others in the final list on Monday evening, triggering unrest. Within 24 hours, names of declared candidates were changed in over a dozen seats.Meghraj and his wife Meenakshi, a sitting councillor from Khayala, filed their nominations during the day on Monday. But they were in for a shock late on Monday when the final list declared Pradeep Kumar Lohia as the candidate from Vishnu Garden and Rajwati Chandelia from Khayala. These two candidates also filed their nominations. West Delhi MP Mahabal Mishra had opposed tickets to the Chandelia couple and these were two of the nine seats which delayed finalization of the Congress list.On Monday evening, a fresh war of words broke out in Congress with MLA Dayanand Chandelia and his family expressing anger over this sudden turnaround. Congress leaders were huddled in meetings till late on Monday to resolve the issue. The party brass later tried to project it as \"mere confusion\". Senior leaders maintained that the Chandelia couple were in the fray and the other two would withdraw their candidature in the next two days.With both Congress and BJP declaring their list of candidates on the last day, over 1,785 nominations were filed on the last date of nominations on Monday. Over 2,600 nominations have been filed over seven days. The last date of withdrawal is March 29.Aspirants who failed to get a ticket from Congress and rebels who quit the party during the last poll have bagged tickets from Nationalist Congress Party which is targeting the Congress votebanks in slums and unauthorized colonies. In at least 20 seats, NCP has fielded candidates who were once with Congress.Satbir Singh who was elected Congress councillor in 2007 and later became an Independent councillor after he lost the assembly polls in 2008, has got an NCP ticket for his wife Pushpa Singh from Mehrauli. Similarly, Jitender Kalu Bhaiya, Congress MLA from Jahangirpuri in 1998-2003 has got a NCP ticket for his wife Shashi Bala from Jahangirpuri ward.A Congress candidate's brother will be contesting from a NCP ticket in Kashmere Gate. Like NCP, Mayawati's BSP and Mulayam's Samajwadi party too are eyeing the Congress votebank. SP is contesting 127 seats in Delhi with migrants from Uttar Pradesh being their main focus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "12421525", "title": "Punjab's power purchase spend set to go up further", "text": "PATIALA: Though the SAD-BJP government has been claiming to make Punjab a power-surplus state for many years now and, more recently, governor Shivraj Patil stated the same in the assembly last week, the failure of state government to commission new plants has again forced Punjab State Power Corporation Ltd (PSPCL) to spend crores of rupees in purchasing power from other states to meet the growing power demand during the upcoming paddy season.To supply uninterrupted power to residents during the paddy season from June 10 to October 15, PSPCL authorities have made plans to purchase 32,000 lakh units (LUs) of power from other states, at a cost of about Rs 130 crore, sources said.Of the total purchase, 16,000 LU units will come through banking arrangements from J&K;, Uttarakhand , Himachal Pardesh, Gujarat, MP and Tamil Nadu , while the remaining will come through power purchase agreements with various states.During 2011, PSPCL had purchased power at Rs 3.92 per unit and spent around Rs 115 crore. This year, due to increase in power rates across the country, they will have to purchase power at Rs 4 per unit through Power Trading Corporation from various states, they said.The hike in power rates has not only increased the paddy budget of PSPCL, it has also increased the annual power purchase budget of authorities. During 2011-12, PSPCL had proposed to buy power worth Rs 6,200 crore, while it has proposed a budget of Rs 7,200 crore for 2012-13.\"We have been spending crores every year to purchase power. This is happening as we have failed to start any new power project,\" said a senior officer, on condition of anonymity.Due to good monsoons, PSPCL needed only Rs 5,608 crore to purchase power during 2011-12, despite having a budget of Rs 6,200 crore. However, due to increase in the number newly installed tubewells in state, it may have to spend more than its proposed budget of Rs 7,200 core, if there is no proper monsoon this year.\"Two new power projects at Talwandi Sabo and Goindwal will start working in December 2012 and February 2013. They would add a total 920 MW while the remaining projects will also start in the near future. We would become self-dependent in a few years,\" said PSPCL CMD K D Chaudhary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12422661", "title": "Four months on, BMC fixes leaking pipe in Bandra", "text": "MUMBAI: A sewerage pipe that had been leaking for four months outside a prominent coffee shop in Bandra Bandstand , the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) repaired the pipeline on Sunday. A permanenent puddle had formed outside the coffee shop and had become a breeding group for mosquitoes. TOI, in its Sunday edition, had reported about the mosquito menace due to the leaking pipe. The paver block road had caved in, damaging the pipeline.While the BMC has repaired the pipeline, it is yet to fix the depression in the road. If this cavity is not repaired before the monsoon, it will pose a problem for citizens and will once again turn into a puddle of rain water.The coffee shop authorities had been urging the BMC to fix the pipe, but there was no response. When the situation worsened with customers complaining about the mosquito menace, representatives of the coffee shop visited the ward office and urged the authorities to take immediate action . They were disappointed as the civic officials had told them that they would fix the problem only after the regular checks begin before the monsoon.\"After the report appeared in the newspaper, BMC officials immediately started repairing the pipeline. It was creating a lot of inconvenience for our customers as they couldn't sit in peace because of the mosquitoes. We had to burn mosquito repellent coils to safeguard our customers,\" said a senior official from the coffee shop. \"But they need to repair the dent as the problem would come up once again when the rainy season begins. Water will stagnate here as there's a bowl-shaped cavity on the road,\" the official added.A water department official said, \"We have attended to the pipeline problem. The dent can only be repaired by the roads department.\"Another water department official, H Nikam, had told TOI, \"The entire area near the cafe had caved in due to which the pipeline burst. We have been attending to a number of complaints in that area.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12422056", "title": "Drama series concludes at Diesel Locomotive Works", "text": "VARANASI: A drama series, jointly organised by the Diesel Locomotive Works (DLW) Sanskritk Sansthan and Akashvani, Varanasi, concluded at DLW auditorium on Sunday.Artistes belonging to Akashvani centres of Rampur, Allahabad, Varanasi, Lucknow and Gorakhpur presented dramas depicting harsh realities of society.A drama based on child labour 'Rihai' attracted special attention on the occasion. Another drama 'Aur Shama Jalti Rahi' based on the contributions of prostitutes in independence movement was also praised by the audience.Comical dramas 'Chui Mui.Com' and Patni Pandit Sangh left the audience in splits. DLW general manager B P Khare and employees of Akashvani were present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-27"}
