{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13074138", "title": "Clean Ganga Mission is platform for loot of govt funds: Govindacharya", "text": "VARANASI: Noted thinker K N Govindacharya demanding dissolution of the National Ganga River Basin Authority (NGRBA) said that it has lost its purpose and meaning, and the central government had made the Clean Ganga Mission 2020 a platform for loot of government funds.Govindacharya was here on Wednesday to flag off the Ganga Raksha Sankalp Yatra from Durgakund to the save Ganga movement site at Kedar Ghat. Talking to media persons, he said that the free flow of Ganga was the pre-condition of the cleanliness of the river. \"Those who talk about cleaning Ganga without ensuring its uninterrupted flow are misleading the people for their own vested interests,\" he said. He demanded that 70% water of the Ganga should be flown in the main stream, the land of Ganga should be registered in revenue record, the Ganga and all other rivers should not be treated merely as water streams but living components of the nature, the central and state governments should ensure that no industrial effluent or wastewater was released into Ganga.\"So far all the main political parties have done only lip service to Ganga,\" said Govindacharya adding that there was a need of strong political force to address the issues of Ganga in proper way. \"For this purpose we will not only contact the representatives of all main political parties but also identify Ganga loving politicians,\" he said and added that it was unfortunate that the health condition of Swami Gyan Swarup Sanand (Prof GD Agrawal) and others sitting on fast unto death for the cause of Ganga was deteriorating but the central government had turned a blind eye to the issue.He called upon all the groups and organisations working for the cause of Ganga separately to come together and fight in unity for the common goal.Replying a query, Govindacharya said that the senior BJP leader and MP from Varanasi Murli Manohar Joshi should take a lead to raise the issue of Ganga in the parliament. \"Joshi is in a position to lead the issue locally as well as in the parliament,\" he said. Meanwhile, Brahmachari Krishna Priyanand, who has been on fast unto death at Kedar Ghat, was also admitted to the Shiv Prasad Gupta Hospital by the local administration on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13073238", "title": "Autos switch to cheaper 'kata LPG'", "text": "KOLKATA: It's a murky business that's conducted in the grimy bylanes across non-descript neighbourhoods in Kamarhati, Ariadaha and Dakshineswar on the northern fringes of the city. Here, in some abandoned garages, club rooms and even in under-construction buildings, hundreds of domestic LPG cylinders are emptied into the fuel tanks of auto-rickshaws every day. Referred to as 'kata LPG', cooking gas works out cheaper and according to drivers, it's more fuel-efficient than the LPG meant to be used by the vehicles. The result: around 5,000 domestic LPG cylinders end up in fuel tanks instead of kitchens every month.Recently, TOI was present at one of these dubious 'fuel stations' in Kamarhati where domestic cylinders were being used to fuel auto-rickshaws. Less than a kilometre from the Kamarhati Municipality, the station is nestled right in the middle of a residential colony. It's walled off and ostensibly serves as a car repairing shed. It took the two persons manning the station less than five minutes to fill an auto tank. All they needed was a hand-operated tool that swiftly pumped out gas from the cylinder and transferred it into the auto fuel-tank through a pipe. A digital screen attached to the tool displayed the amount of gas transferred.Most stations use an automatic tool that does the job even faster. There are at least five such stations within a 3-km radius, claim auto drivers. They receive the bulk of their supply from an Indane godown on BT Road.Auto drivers prefer the domestic LPG because it's cheaper. They can buy it at Rs 57 a kg, as opposed to Rs 53 for each litre of fuel LPG. Since 1 kg of domestic LPG is equivalent to 1.6 litres of the auto-fuel version, they gain substantially in terms of the volume. They benefit even more in mileage, for drivers claim a kg of the domestic LPG can run their vehicles for 22 km while a litre of the auto LPG doesn't last more than 18 km. There's another reason that has prompted more than 60% of the 3,000 autos on the Ariadaha-Kheyaghat, Sodepur-Rathtala, Barrackpore-Rathtala and Dunlop-Sodepur routes to switch to domestic LPG - unscrupulous fuel stations. Often, what is sold as a litre of LPG fuel is substantially less than the volume. This happens due to air gaps or vacuum inside the fuel chambers.\"Whatever be the reason, it costs us dear. Ever since auto LPG prices shot up, our profits have dwindled. So, the greater mileage and the right volume of the fuel are important to us. It is letting me earn more, so I see no harm in this. If the government is concerned about domestic LPG being diverted, they should take steps to reduce auto LPG price,\" said Ajay, a driver on the Kamarhati-Sodepur route who has been using the 'kata LPG' for a year now.But domestic LPG is not meant to fuel vehicles and it's polluting the environment, pointed out green activists. \"The domestic variety has more hydrocarbons and suspended particulate matter. These are being released into the environment and it's negating the switchover to green fuel. Since domestic LPG is heavier and remains partly unburnt, it's toxic and affects the LPG kit of auto-rickshaws,\" said Sudipto Bhattacharya of Saviours and Friends of Environment (SAFE), a green NGO.Green activist Subhas Datta said it was an alarming trend that threatens to neutralize the gains from switchover to green autos. \"It will be a blow to the environment and hurt every household in the city as well,\" he said.Auto drivers don't seem to mind the minor damage to their vehicles. \"Any repairing shed can clean the kit for Rs 80. It's enough if we do it every two months. It still works out cheap for us,\" said Raju Das, a driver.Petroleum dealers claimed they were aware of the diversion of domestic LPG and have written to the Indian Oil Corporation . \"There's already a shortage in the supply of domestic LPG. On an average, it now takes three weeks to deliver a cylinder to the consumer, though it shouldn't take more than two. If domestic LPG keeps getting diverted at this rate, the shortage will intensify. Also, this is a huge loss of revenue for the government since LPG is a subsidized product,\" said Surajit Koley, general secretary of the Petroleum Dealers' Association.The dubious stations that have sprung up in the Kamarhati area get their supply from cylinder carriers. The latter hand over a cylinder for Rs 630. Drivers buy them at Rs 57 a kg, which means a cylinder eventually goes for Rs 800.\"We haven't yet received a complaint. If dealers or consumers write to us, we can refer the complaint to the enforcement branch,\" said R N Ghosh, DGM-LPG of Indian Oil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13074475", "title": "Government to promote Nanjangud banana, Mysore jasmine", "text": "MYSORE: The state government is looking to utilize services of Horticulture College to promote cultivation of Nanjangud variety banana and Mysore variety jasmine.The government has allotted 74 acres at Yelachanahalli on the outskirts of the city to house the college, which is now operating from Thandavapur near Nanjangud. District minister S A Ramdas launched works to construct a building to house the college on Wednesday.Referring to shrinking of Nanjangud variety banana, which has a Geographical Identification (GI) tag, Ramdas said: \"The horticulture college should focus on the problem and promote its cultivation. There is also crisis when it comes to Mysore variety jasmine (Mysore Mallige) which Mysore was known for a few years back. We will promote cultivation of these and also provide market linkage. These products will also be displayed at the proposed heritage park which is planned to be developed in the city.\"Dean of the college J Venkatesh asked the district administration to allot 26 acres of land it had sought. He said they had planted cashew and mango saplings in part of the 74-acre land allotted. He said the college aims to experiment in different horticultural varieties suitable for local weather conditions. Our focus will be to protect and preserve famous local varieties of banana and jasmine. We will also work for the promotion of Mysore variety betel leaves.Ravindranath, who laid the foundation stone for the college, asked the farming community to grow horticulture crops without depending heavily on commercial crops. He said Rs 6 crore is released for the construction of the college building and hostels for boys and girls and pledged more. The horticulture university V-C S B Dandin said the college has reserved 23 per cent seats to localites. Preference will be given to children of farmers and labourers. The new facility will house classrooms, computer lab, library, administrative block and a conference hall.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13071903", "title": "Citizens to go on hunger strike for a clean Godavari", "text": "NASHIK: Citizens, under the banner of 'Godavari Gatarikaran Virodhi Manch', have decided to stage a one-day hunger strike at Goda Park near Chopda Lawns, old Gangapur Naka on Thursday to protest against the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) for pouring untreated sewerage into the river.\"We are aware of the fact that only agitations will not solve the problem of the Godavari river being polluted on a large scale when huge organizations like the Nashik Municipal Corporation opens up sewerage pipes into the river. But by way of the hunger strike, we are drawing the attention of the corporation towards its duties of ensuring that every drop of water is treated before being released in the Godavari river,\" said Rajesh Pandit, who heads the Manch.Promising to be an apolitical forum, where citizens who care for the Godavari as their mother could come together can come together and discuss and weigh options for a cleaner river, Pandit said. He added that the move was to sensitize citizens as well as office-bearers of the municipal corporation. \"Our plan is very simple. With the help of citizens, we will try to persuade the NMC to arrange for diverting all discharges to the sewage treatment plant (STP) and also ensure that only appropriate things are dumped in the river. We will act as sort of a watch-dog.\" Pandit said.Alleging that the NMC did not want to construct sewage lines because the discharge led to growth of hyacinths in the river, and that gave an opportunity to the officers to float tenders, the organization said.\"The Manch has also decided to keep the floor open for political parties - in the sense that all the party chiefs will have to declare their stand on 'Godavari Gatarikaran' and act accordingly. Every time somebody raises the issue, the parties express solidarity. This time, they will have to take a stand and the citizens will know which pary has what to say,\" said Patil.Citizens on hunger strike against opening of sewerage in riverTimes News NetworkThe citizens, under the banner of 'Godavari Gatarikaran Virodhi Manch', have decided to stage one-day hunger strike at Goda Park, near Chopda Lawns, old Gangapur Naka, on May 10, against Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) for its opening of untreated sewerage into the river.\"We are aware of that only agitations will not solve the problem of Godavari river being polluted in mass scale when huge organisations like Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) opens up sewerages in the river. But by way of hunger strike we are drawing the attention of the corporation towards its duties of ensuring every drop of water is treated before being released in Godavari River,\" Rajesh Pandit, heading the Manch said.Promising to be an apolitical forum, where citizens who care for Godavari as their mother could come together and discuss and weigh options for a cleaner river, Pandit said that the move was to sensitise the citizens as well as the office-bearers of the municipal corporation along with the officials. \"Our plan is very simple. With the help of people we will try to persuade NMC to arrange for diverting of all discharges in sewage treatment plant (STP), and also ensure that only appropriate things are taken, sort of watch dog,\" Pandit said.Alleging that the NMC did not want to construct sewage lines because the discharge led to growth of hyacinths and that gave an opportunity to the officers to float tenders, the Manch has said t\"The Manch has also decided to keep the floor open for political parties - in the sense that all the party chiefs will have to declare their stand on 'Godavari Gatarikaran' and act accordingly. Every time somebody raises the issue, the parties express solidarity. This time they will have to take a stand and the citizens will know which party has to say what?\" Pandit said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13074150", "title": "No action will be taken against Raje loyalists: Kaptan Singh Solanki", "text": "JAIPUR: While the feud between the Vasundhara Raje camp and the anti-Raje camp is yet to be resolved, there was relief for the former after state party in-charge Kaptan Singh Solanki announced on Wednesday that no action would be initiated against those who had put in their papers in Raje's support.Solanki also said that the party will reconsider its decision to accept the resignations of the two members of the Yuva Morcha from Bhilwara and Banswara. The state party leadership had relieved them off their posts on Tuesday after the two accepted to have submitted their resignations.The anti-Raje camp, though, is still going strong on its demand for a disciplinary action against the legislators who had tendered their resignations.\"The resignations by legislators were just a reaction to whatever happened and in support of their leader. The party has not even received any resignations. There would be no action taken against anybody,'' said Solanki in New Delhi.Reports suggested that the state leadership, during a meeting on Tuesday, had decided to initiate actions against party-workers and office-bearers for submitting their resignations. It was further decided that the party would approach Raje, requesting her to provide the list of names of legislators and others who have handed over her resignation to her. \"We had decided to keep a record of all the resignations and would do so. We did not say action would be taken,'' said state president Arun Chaturvedi, reacting to Solanki's statement.The debate sparked off after senior party legislator and Raje loyalist Dr Digambar Singh challenged the existence of a state BJP disciplinary committee. \"The disciplinary committee does not exist. A temporary three-member committee was formed to look into the case of suspended BJP MLA Hanuman Beniwal, of which even I was a member. However, as of now, no committee is in place and hence, nobody can take cognizance to anything as member of the committee,'' Singh said.The Raje camp had approached senior leaders in New Delhi over the issue of disciplinary action against them. Sources said the deadlock might not end immediately as senior leaders are waiting for things to settle down in the state BJP. \"The party high command is keeping a close watch over developments, but it wants to buy some time and ensure that the aggrieved parties' tempers cool down before things are sorted out for the better,'' said a senior leader.Meanwhile, Raje continued to meet the crowd of supporters visiting her residence on Wednesday. Party legislators including Dr Digambar Singh, Bhawani Singh Rajawat, Radheshyam Ganganagar visited her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13073986", "title": "Encroachments removed amidst protests", "text": "KANPUR: Despite protests by encroachers, the anti-encroachment drive carried out by the authorities of Kanpur Municipal Corporation (KMC) ended successfully in many areas of the city on Wednesday. Where on the one hand the officials the KMC said that the locals posed hurdles in the drive, the poor residents of various areas alleged that KMC worked with a bias against the poor and did not touch the encroachments of the rich.Amidst tight security arrangements, the joint team of district administration, Kanpur Municipal Corporation and local police reached Ramadevi area of the city to remove encroachments along the GT Road and Tatmill Chauraha. After witnessing the bulldozers of KMC, the local hutments and shanty shop owners started removing the furniture and other items after initial resistence. But if the locals are to be believed, the KMC officials did not even give them time to remove their belongings from their houses and shops. The team foiled their bid and bulldozed their mud houses.This drive was carried out for nearly four hours in which more than 150 illegal encroachments were removed. As per the information provided by the KMC officials, 36 tin sheds, 32 boundary walls and 28 wooden shades were removed by the KMC bulldozers. Also, as many as 12 hutments, four illegal shops, 14 embankments and 22 shanty shops were removed in this anti-encroachment drive.The drive was lead by additional municipal commissioner. The city police were also present so that the anti-encroachment drive was conducted peacefully. According to the KMC officials, the irate mob of the locals pelted stones on them. After the intervention of police, the locals left their huts.\"Shahab ye humare ghar tod diye (They bulldozed or houses),\" said Shanno, a poor maid living in a hut near GT Road. \"We have got used to all this but did not give us any time to remove our belongings,\" said Naresh Singh, a daily-wage earner in Tatmill area.However, when TOI contacted C P Shukla, senior KMC staffer, he said that sufficient time was given to the locals but they did not remove the encroachments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13073392", "title": "Striking varsity staff denounce minister's remark", "text": "PATNA: The striking employees of universities and colleges in Bihar have taken strong exception to education minister P K Shahi's remarks against Raj Bhawan for non-fulfillment of their demands and urged the government to implement all its earlier commitments.The Bihar State University and College Employees' Federation leaders said that as most of their demands were of financial nature, the government alone is competent to fulfill them. Raj Bhawan cannot meet the financial demands of university employees, they said.Meanwhile, the strike launched by the non-teaching staff in support of their demands continued for the second consecutive day on Wednesday completely paralyzing the academic activities. Even though Patna University employees are not on strike, the Patna-based colleges of Magadh University (MU) remained adversely affected by the strike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "13074474", "title": "Passengers to board Thar Express from Munabao?", "text": "JAISALMER: Efforts are on to add Barmer or Munabao as a boarding point for the Thar Express that runs between India and Pakistan.Residents of Barmer have to travel several hundred kilometers to board the train from Bhagat ki kothi in Jodhpur despite the train halting at Munabao for security and customs clearance.State minister Amin Khan had written to the Union home ministry on March 17 in this regard and also asked the Railway Board to find if it's possible to halt the train at either of the two stations for boarding.The minister, who was granted special permission to board the train from Munabao while going to Pakistan, was later not allowed to de-board at the station. An annoyed Khan had then written to the Ministry in January to stop running the train on the route if there were security concerns.These days, railway is finding possibilities whether Thar Express could be halted Barmer and if the passengers could be allowed to board the train from Barmer and Munabao. The railway authorities are finding out as what all facilities have to be added to start Thar Express from Barmer or Munabao and whether it is feasible or not in reference to Khan's letter on December 27 and March 17.In the letter Khan had written that stating security reasons in Munabao, there is ban on passengers to board or get down the train at Munabao. The train does not stop anywhere in between, as the result passengers from border districts Barmer, Jaisalmer, Jalore etc going to Pakistan have to travel 600-700kms due to which they face lot of problems and suffer economic loss. It is really painful for poor person. Khan further wrote that Sindh State of Pakistan and Thar desert in India are quite peaceful areas and people here are quite good as the result, there would be no security threat to Thar Express from starting from Munabao.After this letter, Khan had written one more letter to the Union Home Ministry stating that if government really thinks that there is security threat by running Thar Express from Munabao then this train route should be closed permanently.Confirming this, Khan said that he had written this letter in January and now the government has to take decision whether Thar Express is to be run from Barmer or Munabo. He said today Samjauta Express is going from border post of Punjab from Atari train route and even buses are going through road route then why not Thar Express be run from Munabao in Rajasthan, whereas compared to Punjab, Rajasthan area is more peaceful.Khan said that the government of India had given him permission to board and get down at Munabao during his Pakistan travel, but while returning, the government cancelled this, which was quite disappointing.He said that although today the train goes from Bhagat ki Kothi, but custom immigration check is done at Munabao then what is the problem in running the train from Munabao.Jaisalmer Barmer Member of Parliament Harish Choudhary said that he is making lot of efforts to start Thar Experss form Barmer and Friday he had met the home minister too and he has assured to simplify the running the train and its rules. Choudhary said that union home ministry has written a letter to the Railway Board and the railway is preparing its feasibility report. Apart from this, the intelligence agencies have given their clearance in running Thar Express from Barmer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13072905", "title": "Villagers block Sohna Road", "text": "GURGAON: Haryana Urban Development Authority's demolition drive turned violent on Wednesday when hundreds of villagers, including women, in Islampur pelted staff vehicles with stones and blocked Gurgaon-Sohna Road for hours.Thousands of residents of Sohna Road were affected by the traffic jam that lasted between 10am and 2pm. \"I was stuck in a jam for more than an hour near Rajiv Chowk. After looking at the traffic pile-up, I decided not to go to Sohna and came back\", said Avtar Singh Saini, a commuter.According to police, when a demolition squad of HUDA and Department of Town and Country Planning (DTCP) reached Subhash Chowk to remove encroachments in Islampur village, some locals protested and pelted police, with stones, causing injury to a sub-inspector.To prevent any untoward incident, police decided to postpone the demolition drive. But the villagers didn't budge and blocked Gurgaon-Sohna Road for about five hours.The villagers, however, had a different story to tell. \"Officials and police want to throw us away. In the name of encroachment drive they are trying to demolish our shops, which are our only source of livelihood . We will not let it happen,\" said a protester.Angry villagers said that a notice was given to them by the Junior Engineer of HUDA late on Tuesday night to evacuate the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13075052", "title": "No plan to set up special courts for rape", "text": "NEW DELHI: Home minister P Chidambaram said there was no proposal to set up special courts for trial of rape cases, but states were being impressed upon to probe such crimes more efficiently by deputing their best officers.\"At present, there is no proposal under consideration,\" he said in Rajya Sabha during question hour when asked if the government proposed to set up special courts to ensure speedy trials and expeditious relief and rehabilitation of rape victims and victims of injuries like burns and acid attacks.He said though police was a state subject, the Centre was \"impressing\" upon states to depute their best officers to probe such cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13074699", "title": "Mallika for world ITTF Junior Circuit", "text": "NAGPUR: Having won the silver medal last year, city paddler Mallika Bhandarkar will now be aiming to go a step further, when she starts her journey for the Spanish World Junior Open Table Tennis championship scheduled to begin at Platja d'Aro on the Costa Brava in Catalonia from May 9 to 13.The six-member Indian contingent for the established tournament on the ITTF Junior Circuit will leave New Delhi late on Monday night. Apart from India No. 2 Mallika, the six-member Indian junior girls team include country's top ranked paddler Manika Batra of New Delhi, Reeth Rishya and Narsimha Priya from Tamil Nadu, K Spoorthy of Andhra Pradesh and Senohra D'Souza of Maharashtra.After the five-day Spanish tourney, these players will compete in the Slovakian World Junior Open championship slated to be played between May 14 and 19.While Indian girls, ranked 14th in the world junior circuit, lost to world No 6 Hong Kong in the Spanish open last year, they would be competing for the first time in the Slovakian open.Manika, Mallika along with Reeth were also the members of the silver medal winning team in the previous edition. With their last year experience, the Indian contingent has a golden opportunity to grab gold this year.As compared to the boys U-18 Indian team, their girls counterparts are relatively more experienced with both Manika and Mallika also featuring in the list of top 100 paddlers in the world.\"We have a good chance to claim the gold medal at both the championships, especially at the Spanish open. We will try to take revenge of our last year's defeat to Hong Kong and hope to bring laurels to the country,\" Mallika told TOI on Sunday.A regular member of the Titan Club, Mallika is being coached by father Adv Shreerang Bhandarkar. She has represented India in the Youth Olympic Games held at Singapore in 2010 and has also displayed her skills in 26 countries across the world.She would be out of her home town for many months from now as after the two world championships, she would join the Indian contingent for the national camp scheduled at Indore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13074763", "title": "Common Entrance Test aspirant on way to tuition run over by bus", "text": "BANGALORE: An 18-year-old student on his way to CET tuition was killed after a speeding KSRTC bus knocked down his two-wheeler near Shivashankar Circle, Chamarajpet, on Wednesday morning.The victim is Mohammed Adeeq Ahmed, a resident of Vijaynagar pipeline road. Adeeq recently completed his II PU exams from a private college in Vijayanagar and was awaiting results.Police said Adeeq was not wearing a helmet. He had borrowed his cousin's motorbike as he was getting late for his tuition class.The KSRTC bus coming from Kalasipalya ran over him at 7:30am. \"Adeeq's motorbike was 100 metres away from the bus when he noticed it speeding towards him from the opposite direction,\" police said.Adeeq's cousin, Saif Ali Khan , said: \"Adeeq was on his way to attend CET coaching classes near JC Road. He borrowed my bike so that he could reach the coaching centre as fast as possible. I feel the bus driver must have been driving at a high speed and did not notice Adeeq near the junction,\" he said.Chamarajpet traffic police have taken bus driver Chinnagiri Gowda into custody and seized the vehicle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13073001", "title": "SC tells Kerala to decide on marines' plea for stay outside jail", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Wednesday asked the Kerala director general of police and Kochi prison authorities to decide within a week the plea of two Italian marines accused of killing two fishermen on February 15 to be lodged in judicial custody outside the jail premises.Appearing for the Italian government, senior advocate Harish Salve said though Italy had challenged Kerala police's jurisdiction to inquire into the February 15 incident and arrest Latorre Massimillano and Salvatore Girone, it would request the court to lodge them in judicial custody in a place outside Kochi jail.Kerala government would take a decision on the Supreme court directive after getting the apex court order, chief minister Oommen Chandy said. \"Government has not received the order. After examining the directive, we will take a decision,\" Chandy said after a cabinet meeting.Kerala government's counsel Gopal Subramaniam said the state was inquiring into the murder case lawfully and it had extended maximum benefits to the two marines in jail by providing them a separate cell and other facilities. Additional solicitor general Indira Jaising said the Centre supported the Kerala government's action as law and order was a state subject.However, a bench of Justices Altamas Kabir and S S Nijjar asked Kerala police and jail authorities to decide the marines' plea for shifting them to a place outside the prison. The apex court clarified that pendency of Italy's writ petition would not come in the way of proceedings in the trial court.Subramaniam said investigations had reached the final stages and Kerala police would file the chargesheet against the two marines within a week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13073273", "title": "Class 10 student drowns in pool at club", "text": "CHENNAI: A class 10 student, found struggling in a swimming pool at a club in Nungambakkam on Sunday, died in hospital on Tuesday. He had claimed he knew swimming but he didn't, police said.Police said Roopam Hazarika, a student of Kendriya Vidyalaya CLRI, had gone to attend a friend's birthday party at the railway officers' quarters in his house. Around 5pm, Hazarika and his friends later went to the Sterling Club (Railway Officers' Club) in the same compound and jumped into the pool. Later, Hazarika was seen struggling and was rescued by \"lifeguards.\"One of the club members, a doctor who was at the badminton court at the club, gave first aid to the boy who was later taken to a corporate hospital on Greames Road. His father Pradeep Hazarika, a native of Assam who works at the Central Leather Research Institute (CLRI) in Adyar, and mother Biju Hazarika rushed to the hospital.Hazarika's relative Madhav told TOI on Wednesday, \"the doctors at the corporate hospital examined the boy and shifted him to the exclusive children's hospital off Greames Road.\"After Hazarika was declared dead on Tuesday evening, the Nungambakkam police registered a case under IPC section 304 (a) (death due to negligence). Inspector Govindarajulu said, \"The probe is on. We are not finding fault with anyone. The victim's parents have not made any allegations in the case.\"M A Vignavelu, secretary of the club, said, \"we don't conduct swimming courses for the general public. We have a contractor, Ilayaraja, to maintain the swimming pool. Two contract workers who also act as lifeguards were present at the time of the incident.\" \"As per the rules, we never allow any individuals into the pool. Members can take their guests there and are supposed to take care of their guests. Hazarika was accompanied by a member. As he claimed he knew swimming, he was allowed to swim,\" the secretary said.The boy's parents became emotional while speaking about their son. \"Roopam excelled in karate and studies. He was also a football player ,\" Pradeep said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13073457", "title": "Elder brother shoots at teenage sister after tiff", "text": "ALLAHABAD: An 18-year-old girl, Sangeeta, was allegedly shot at by her elder brother Rajiv (22) following an argument between them. The incident took place at Lawayankala village in Naini on Wednesday.The injured girl was admitted to SRN hospital where her condition was stated to be stable.DSP Karchana said Rajiv entered into argument with Sangeeta alleging that she had hidden his mobile phone. Rajiv first assaulted his sister and later in a fit of rage shot at her with a 0.315 bore countrymade pistol. Sangeeta suffered a gunshot in her left hand. Rajiv escaped from the spot.The police have lodged a case and are looking for Rajiv.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13073751", "title": "Faraway CET centres have students on edge", "text": "MUMBAI: Palghar resident Sneha Singh (17) has been staying at a relative's place in Mumbai so that she can reach her Navi Mumbai centre in time for the the Maharashtra Common Entrance Test (MH-CET) on Thursday.Like Singh, many Std XII students residing in places like Palghar, Dahanu, Vasai-Virar and Mira-Bhayander have been assigned exam centres in Navi Mumbai as none was available close to their place of residence.\"My three friends and I are staying at my aunt's place in Vashi to avoid the additional stress of having to travel from Virar to our centre,\" said another student.Parents and students have been for demanding MH-CET centres in the extended regions of Vasai-Virar and Mira-Bhayander for some time now. The centres in Thane city accommodate students from places like Ulhasnagar, Ambernath, and Shahapur.Students say the fear of arriving late for the exam is taking a toll on their studies. \"I am worried if I'll be able to make it to the centre on time,\" said Vasai student Mrinal Desai.Students have made alternate arrangements and are parking themselves at their relatives' homes in groups.According to sources, colleges in these regions are unwilling to double as MH-CET centres as the state government does not pay handsomely for running the centres. Colleges have to spend from their own kitty to maintain the centres. Supervisors, too, are unwilling to work for the three-hour MH-CET papers as the remuneration is Rs 80. Said a college professor, \"The chartered accountancy exams are conducted from Delhi. Yet, they have centres all over the country as . They ensure that colleges are well compensated for running the centre.\"MH-CET is conducted by the state government for entry to all health sciences, engineering and pharmacy courses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13077086", "title": "Matraan will have an August release", "text": "The Surya starrer Matraan is the most expected movie of the year being the second outing of the success combo which gave the superhit Ayan. The additional sensation being Surya in a dual role has already created curiosity on the movie among the film goers. The shoots of the movie is almost completed awaiting the final touches of the director.Boasting high on success with his previous outing, director KV Anand is working on full stretch to give Matraan a August 15 release. The movie produced by AGS Entetainment has theatrical rights and Tamil audio rights bagged by Eros International. Matraan has Surya in the lead with Kajal Agarwal as his lady love. The other casts include Daniel Balaji, Sachin Khedekar, Milind Soman, Vivek in vital roles. The action thriller has music scored by Harris Jayaraj , stunts by Peter Hein, cinematography by S Sounderajan and editing by Anthony.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13073499", "title": "Electronic mode for payment of salary at Central Organisation for Railway Electrification", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The system of payments in Central Organisation for Railway Electrification (CORE) has evolved and has had a major shift in the last financial year (2011-12) especially in the later part.The salary payments to staff and officers of CORE headquarters as well as all the project offices are now being paid through the electronic mode. This is a major achievement in terms of huge cash handling being negated completely and payments being effected almost instantly to the respective bank accounts, said Senior Public Relations Officer, CORE, Allahabad V K Srivastav.As far as payments to the contractors and suppliers are concerned, the headquarters and almost all the project offices have migrated to the e-mode completes from November 11.It is noteworthy that payments to the tune of nearly Rs 600 crore have been effected through the e-mode by this organisation.The effectiveness of these payments have been so remarkable that there has not been any payment related complaints in the last few months.It is pertinent to mention that as a result of such migration to the e-mode, the chances of fraud and the cost of handling cash both in terms of time and also the honararium paid to cash handling staff has been minimised to negligible levels.As per Railway Board directives, all transfer transactions during the last financial year, have been done through the e-reconciliation module. It may be appreciated that CORE has a typical organisational structure whereby there are a large number of transfer transactions both on the intra railway and the inter railway fronts.This needs extensive coordination almost on a daily basis to achieve accuracy in the accounting systems.This has been achieved inspite of problems related to hardware, internet connectivity and initial resistance and reluctance of staff who have now understood and effectively imbibed the system.Regular coordination meetings with all the Projects from November 11 onwards have led to this achievement. It has also negated the time and cost incurred on quarterly reconciliation meetings earlier held between all Railways totally.Both the programmes could be effectively implemented due to the active involvement of the team of officers and staff of CORE especially D K Asthana Sr Asst Financial Advisor, Kanhaiya Lal, Sr.S.O and their team of staff in the accounts department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13073143", "title": "HC notice to govt on overcrowding of share autos", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has issued notice to the state government on a public interest petition seeking a ban overloading of share autorickshaws in the city. A vacation bench comprising Justice C S Karnan and Justice K Ravindra Babu, before whom the PIL filed by social activist K R (Traffic) Ramaswamy came up for hearing, sough the government's reply in two weeks.Ramaswamy contended that transport and police personnel were turning a Nelson's eye to the problem of share autorickshaws stuffing passengers like sardines, in violation of the Motor Vehicles Act, 1989. Citing Rule 113 pertaining to limits of weight and limitations of use, the PIL said autorickshaws are seen carrying a minimum of 10 passengers.Transport and police authorities stand as mere spectators, Ramaswamy said, adding that it endangered safety of passengers as well as road users.He said though autorickshaws are permitted to carry only three passengers as per the MV Act, these share autorickshaws carried far too many passengers. He also enclosed photos of overcrowded autorickshaws plying on city roads.Ramaswamy said he had submitted representations to the authorities, seeking intervention in the matter. Neither there was any reply nor was any action taken against violators, he said, adding that certain types of autorickshaws which were to be withdrawn from roads as early as 2007 were still plying without any hindrance.In his representation dated May 3, Ramaswamy wanted the government not only spread awareness on road safety, but also ensure speedy disposal of road accident cases. He urged government to ban share autorickshaws in the city. In his present petition, he wanted the government to be directed to take necessary action on the basis of his representation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13077067", "title": "I never get intimidated: Rajniesh Duggall", "text": "Even before the release of his third film Dangerous Ishhq (his other films being 1920 and Phhir), Rajniesh Duggall has locked in two more projects. The strapping actor has his priorities in place. He says, \"I am raring to go like a race-car driver.I want to be focused instead of zipping around aimlessly. I want to be sure about the films I accept, so out of a dozen scripts, I chose only two.\" All his films so far have been directed by Vikram Bhatt. Duggall says, \"I want intelligent filmmakers to exploit my talent. I don't want to compromise on my work.\" He's been part of the horror/thriller genre and now wants to play a romantic hero and also wants to explore the action genre.In Dangerous Ishhq, Rajniesh plays four different characters, giving him ample scope to perform. He elaborates, \"It was a challenge depicting characters belonging to different eras and speaking different languages.\"When he signed the film, he was unaware that he would be cast opposite Karisma Kapoor. \"When I heard about it, suddenly it became a big film for me. I've been watching her films since school. I loved her in films like Dil To Paagal Hai, Raja Hindustani and all the films she did with Govinda.\"Isn't he insecure about his leading lady stealing his thunder as all the attention is on her comeback film? He says, \"I am not rankled by people saying it is Karisma's film. The script is king and I am very confident about it. Once people watch the film, they will know.\"When asked if he was intimidated while shooting with her, pat comes the reply, \"I never get intimidated by anybody.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "kanyakumari", "code": "13073841", "title": "Red Ribbon Express enters Tamil Nadu", "text": "KANYAKUMARI: The Red Ribbon Express, which travels across India to spread awareness on HIV/AIDS entered Kanyakumari from Thiruvanathapuram on Wednesday.The exhibition-on-train was received at Kanyakumari by Tamil Nadu AIDS Control Society project director A C Mohandas and district collector S Nagaraj.The train that covers 23 states across the country was flagged off at New Delhi on January 12. In Kerala, it covered five districts including Thiruvananthapuram before reaching Kanyakumari, which is the 54th halt out of the 160 stoppages of the train.The train has eight coaches with exhibits on HIV-AIDS, TB, Malaria, health and hygiene.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13073836", "title": "Women panel team visits mother, recovered child", "text": "BHOPAL: A two-member team of the Madhya Pradesh State Women's Commission (MPSWC) visited the mother and her recovered new born child at Sultania Lady Hospital here on Wednesday.MPSWC chairperson Upma Rai and member Vandana Mandavi visited the mother, Laxmi Prajapati and the recovered newborn baby, who has been named as 'Krishna'. Her husband Chaggan and other relatives were also present there.Laxmi said, \"The baby has been named Krishna as he was recovered after 10 days like Krishna himself.\"Rai said, \"It is a happy moment for all of us.\" She instructed the couple to testify in court against the woman, Anita, who allegedly kidnapped the infant, so that such cases could be prevented in the future.Dr Sunil Rai of the Chikitsak Association Samiti, who had announced a cash reward of Rs 1 lakh to any person who provides clues about the missing child, was also present at the hospital.He said, \"We are enquiring the possibility of who deserves the reward money. After discussion with the CSP, we will find the deserving person.\"Dr Sudha Chaurasia, superintendent of the hospital said that two constables also played a major role in the safe recovery of the infant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13074562", "title": "Ghost meter shows up in Spanco power bills", "text": "NAGPUR: You might enjoy ghost movies and stories, but when something of that sort happens in real life the consequences are quite unpleasant. Jagmohan Mohbiya, a printer, was getting power bills for two meters.Initially, he did not notice it but when he felt his bill was excessive, he noticed this ghost meter in the records. The first meter in his bill was the actual one while the second one was the ghost meter.Mohbiya approached the company and told them that unless they deducted the consumption of the ghost meter from his bills and reconciled the extra amount in future bills, he would not pay up. Consequently, the arrears went on increasing and Spanco disconnected his power supply in September 2011, without taking cognisance of their blunder.Even after running from pillar to post, Mohbiya did not get any justice from Spanco. He then lodged a complaint with MSEDCL nodal officer Prasad Reshme, who went through the bills and concluded that the consumer was being billed extra as his bill was being calculated on the basis of two meters. Reshme's letter to Mohbiya dated December 15, 2011, says that if he did not have two meters he should write an application to Spanco and get the bills corrected.Reshme sent a copy of this letter to zonal manager of Manewada subdivision also, asking him to resolve the issue and submit a compliance report. However, this directive was ignored by Spanco.It was only when the plight of the consumer became public that Spanco authorities woke up from their slumber on Wednesday. Senior officials of commercial department went through Mohbiya's bills and realized that the consumption shown in the ghost meter had in fact not been included while calculating the total bill amount.They explained this to Mohbiya but he refused to buy the explanation. \"I am going to move the consumer forum and demand refund of excess amount charged from me. I will also claim compensation for delay in reconnecting my supply. I was ready to pay the bills provided they corrected them. But they told me to pay first. Why should I pay extra money?\" he angrily said.Spanco senior vice-president Kaustubh Dhavse said that the company had not charged a single penny extra from Mohbiya. \"We have explained this to the consumer. The ghost meter was a typographical error. But he refused to listen. We are, however, investigating the case and will take suitable action.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13075450", "title": "Naveen Patnaik to meet Jayalalithaa amid Presidential-poll speculation", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Fuelling speculation pertaining to the forthcoming presidential elections and also the possibility of cobbling together a 'non-UPA, non-NDA' front, chief minister Naveen Patnaik is slated to meet his Tamil Nadu counterpart J Jayalalithaa during his two-day trip to Chennai starting Thursday. Naveen was originally scheduled to visit Chennai on April 6, but had to postpone it ostensibly because the Maois-perpetrated hostage crisis involving Italian national Bosusco Paolo and Laxmipur MLA Jhina Hikaka.Naveen said during his trip he would be attending the foundation stone laying ceremony of a proposed Odisha Bhavan in Chennai (on Friday). \"The new Bhavan will be relief for people of Odisha visiting Tamil Nadu. Tamil Nadu chief minister Dr J Jayalalithaa will grace the occasion,\" he said. He further said he has an appointment with renowned agricultural scientist Dr M S Swaminathan on the prospects of rice cultivation in Odisha and 'some other important meetings'. \"I am looking forward to visiting Chennai,\" Naveen remarked.Naveen's visit assumes significance as it would comes quick on the heels of the CMs' meet convened by the Centre on the controversial National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC) in New Delhi. At that meet, Naveen suggested to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to form a sub-committee of CMs under the chairmanship of Jayalalithaa to address the concerns of the states on NCTC.Naveen had initiated the anti-NCTC campaign in February and found support from Jayalalithaa and West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee , among others, in accusing the Congress-led UPA government of infringing on the rights of states in a federal structure.The three CMs have also joined hands to slam the UPA dispensation over the issue of payment of compensation to state governments for reduction in central sales tax (CST) rates. All three have shot letters in this regard to the PM.Naveen's scheduled meeting with the AIADMK supremo has led to discussions in political circles here about a possible coming together of some regional satraps. Both Naveen and Jayalalithaa are yet to make public their stand on the elections to Rashtrapati Bhavan slated in July. Naveen said he would hold consultations within his party on the issue and added, \"It's early days yet.\"During the past several weeks, vice-president Hamid Ansari , Union minister Farooq Abdullah and former West Bengal governor Gopal Krishna Gandhi have had meetings with the BJD president, sparking speculation of Naveen playing a key role in the successor to Pratibha Patil.Moreover, political analysts are observing Naveen's Chennai tour with keen interest as there exists a possibility of realignment of political forces ahead of the 2014 elections. On February 15, Naveen had spoken about the need for an alternative alliance to the \"thoroughly discredited\" and \"scam-ridden\" Congress-led UPA and the \"communally tainted\" BJP-headed NDA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "13074153", "title": "Nerul policeman arrested taking Rs 25k bribe", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: A 38-year-old police sub-inspector, Sudhir Yadav, was arrested by the anti-corruption bureau, Navi Mumbai branch, while accepting a bribe of Rs 25,000 at Nerul police station on Wednesday.An ACB official said Yadav had earlier demanded Rs 1 lakh as bribe from a man who was jailed after his wife had lodged a complaint of harassment against him. Yadav had asked for the money in order to make the case 'weak' so that the man could get bail. After bargaining, Yadav agreed to take Rs 25,000 inside the police station. However, the ACB was already informed about this, and he was arrested red-handed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13075189", "title": "Delhi high court terms AI strike illegal, pilots still defiant", "text": "NEW DELHI: Armed with a Delhi high court order terming the strike by Air India pilots 'illegal' and restraining them from reporting sick, the airline management has warned agitating pilots to report to work by 10am on Thursday.Taking a tough stand, the airline sacked 26 pilots on Wednesday and 10 on Tuesday. It now plans to initiate contempt proceedings against those who continue to abstain from work and sack more striking pilots.However, officials of the now derecognized Indian Pilots Guild hinted that their 'sick' pilots may still not report to work. \"We are open to negotiation and dialogue. We would like to resolve all issues amicably. The court order does not restrain us from reporting sick,\" a union office bearer and senior pilot said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13073252", "title": "Vandalur zoo officials nurse leopard cat back to health", "text": "CHENNAI: Visitors to the Arignar Anna Zoological Park in Vandalur were taken by surprise on Wednesday when they got to see a female leopard cat.The two-month-old cat, which had been attacked by a python in a forest, was rescued by Erode division officials and shifted to Vandalur zoo two months ago. Doctors at the zoo provided care, feeding her milk, beef, chicken and rats.The cat weighed only half the normal weight of 3.8kg when she was rescued. \"She has been put up in a vacant enclosure near the giant squirrels. A special enclosure is being built. The leopard cat is commonly found in Western Ghats,\" said KSSVP Reddy, zoo director and chief conservator of forests.A distant relative of the leopard, the small wild cat gets its name from the spots seen all over the body.It lives in tropical evergreen and ravine forests, rivers and valleys in south and southeast Asia . Of the 198 zoos in the country, Vandalur is the only one that has the cat.This nocturnal animals is 66cm long, with the tail alone measuring 31cm. It is an agile climber too and lives in trees. Leopard cats are carnivorous, feeding on a variety of small prey, including mammals, lizards, amphibians, birds and insects.Unlike many other small cats, they do not play with their food. They grip the prey with a tight hold until it is dead. Leopard cats usually pair for life and raise their young ones together for nearly a year.They are mainly hunted for their fur. After a gestation period of 70 days, a leopard cat gives birth to about four kittens in a den, where they remain until they are a month old. The kittens weigh about 130gm at birth and double their weight in two weeks after birth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "pau hostel", "code": "13073360", "title": "UPSC civil services exam: Bus conductor's daughter makes it to the final list", "text": "PAU HOSTEL: For Shalini Agnihotri, the All India Rank 285 in the mains examination of civil services, inspiration came from her hard working father, R K Agnihotri, a bus conductor who sweats it out day and night to provide the best possible education to Shalini and her two siblings.And Shalini left no stone unturned as she aimed for the civil services exam. \"My father has always been supportive and encouraging. He has been my role model and I owe my success to him,'' says Shalini. Born in Una ( HP ), Shalini did her schooling from DAV School, Dharmshala and pursued her BSc (Agriculture) at HPKV University, Palampur. She is currently pursuing her post graduation at PAU. Her elder sister Rajni is a dental surgeon while her brother is in Class XII.Her father, Ramesh, says he is delighted with his daughter's achievement. \"I would like to tell people to encourage their daughters rather than suppressing their goals,'' he adds.Her mother Shubhlata, a homemaker, said, \"I am glad with her performance.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13067012", "title": "Don\u2019t know who Anna Hazare or Baba Ramdev are: RGV", "text": "Ram Gopal Varma's obsession may seem to be films, especially those that focus on gangsters, corruption and politics. But that's not really true. The director is obsessed and pre-occupied with himself.In a recent interview, when asked if he would consider making a film on the much talked about personalities Anna Hazare and Baba Ramdev, Ramu unflinchingly replied \"Who are they? I'm too much into self-service, not social service. I don't keep a track on Baba Ramdev or Anna Hazare. I keep a track on gangsters.\"When asked why he had a penchant for such themes Ramu piqued\" Deep inside I think I am a criminal, a gangster. I don't have the guts to pick up a gun in real life so I fulfill my fantasies by making films on such subjects. I like human stories, dirty roles and life in chawls. I like subjects on power, so for me these films work. I make films that I like and I want to see, not what the audiences like because they all have different choices. \"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13078002", "title": "Pune Warriors play for pride against Royal Challengers Bangalore", "text": "PUNE: Pune Warriors have just pride to play for while Royal Challengers Bangalore would do a world of good to their play-off chances if they win Indian Premier League clash between the two sides on Friday.After their crushing nine-wicket win over Mumbai Indians, Bangalore are placed fourth in the table while Warriors are languishing at number eight.It will be a big challenge for Warriors to arrest their slide as they are coming into the clash with six straight defeats.They have failed to fire as a unit as their batting has flopped and bowlers too have not made the desired impact.Nothing has worked for the hosts. Neither the inclusion of Australian skipper Michael Clarke nor the change in batting order. All their efforts have been fruitless as the league has progressed.Bangalore too have their own problems, but they have in their ranks a game-changer in Chris Gayle, who has made a significant contribution in keeping his side in play-off contention.His whirlwind batting shifts the momentum in his side's favour at any given point of time. Then they have AB de Villiers, who on his day is a match-winner and stand-in captain Virat Kohli, who is gradually getting into the groove.It is not known if regular skipper Daniel Vettori would return for Friday's clash. And if he does so, the team will have a headache to exclude one foreign recruit.Tillakaratne Dilshan did well on Wednesday along with Gayle and Muttiah Muralitharan too has done well after being inducted into the side again. But if either of the two will have to make the way for the captain if he returns.Their bowling looks too good for Warriors with Zaheer Khan and R Vinay Kumar in good form. Vinay Kumar after his lively first spell against Mumbai Indians on Wednesday, has raised the expectations level.The pace duo is expected to do well against struggling Warriors batsmen. Of all of them, only two -- Jesse Ryder and Manish Pandey -- have managed to score a half-century.Injury to in-form Kiwi batsman Ryder has just compounded their problems. They need batting to fire in unison if they are to upstage formidable Bangalore.Skipper Sourav Ganguly too has to lead from the front, although he is not the same batsman as he used to be even a couple of years back.Teams (from):Pune Warriors: Sourav Ganguly (Capt.), Eklavya Dwivedi, Michael Clarke, Ashok Dinda, Callum Ferguson, Raiphi Gomez, Harpreet Singh, Dheeraj Jadhav, Kamran Khan, Murali Kartik, Harshad Khadiwale, Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Nathan McCullum, Anustup Majumdar, Mithun Manhas, Angelo Mathews, Mohnish Mishra, Ali Murtaza, Ashish Nehra, Manish Pandey, Wayne Parnell, Sachin Rana, Jesse Ryder, Marlon Samuels, Rahul Sharma, Steven Smith, Tamim Iqbal, Alfonso Thomas, Krishnakant Upadhyay, Robin Uthappa, Shrikant Wagh and Luke Wright.Royal Challengers Bangalore: Daniel Vettori (Capt.), Mayank Agarwal, KP Appanna, Prashanth Parameswaran, Arun Karthik, Raju Bhatkal, AB de Villiers, Tillakaratne Dilshan, Chris Gayle, Mohammad Kaif, Abrar Kazi, Zaheer Khan, Virat Kohli, Charl Langeveldt, Andrew McDonald, Abhimanyu Mithun, Muttiah Muralitharan, Karun Nair, Dirk Nannes, M Gautam, Ryan Ninan, Asad Pathan, Luke Pomerscback, Harshal Patel, Asad Pathan, Cheteshwar Pujara, Rilee Rossouw, Jamaluddin Syed Mohammad, S Thiyagarajan, Saurabh Tiwary, R Vinay Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13074401", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation's SSA coordinator 'shunted out'", "text": "NAGPUR: State government norms seem to have been flouted in the deputation of the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan project coordinator in NMC-run schools. On Tuesday, the existing coordinator Meenakshi Bhoyar was replaced by Dhanlal Chauliwar, a teacher in NMC school.Sources said that only a person with a post graduation and BEd degree is eligible to hold the post but Chauliwar is only SSC pass and has a DEd. Bhoyar had the requisite qualifications.Additional deputy municipal commissioner Rizwan Siddiqui issued the transfer order on Tuesday.Along with Bhoyar, the administration also relieved around 15 female teachers, who, along with their teaching jobs in NMC schools, were also handling the additional charge of cluster resource centres. They too were replaced with male teachers.Bhoyar, who was appointed in the NMC as a teacher, had handled SSA projects since last seven years. During her tenure, she assured successful implementation of SSA projects in the 210 corporation schools. In fact, many schools, which were in dilapidated condition, had witnessed renovation under her. Libraries and computer laboratories were also set up in almost all the schools.\"Another reason for the transfer is that a union of NMC teachers wanted Bhoyar out and had mounted pressure to get her transferred,\" a source added.\"However, leaders and civic officials were trying hard to relieve her from the post of coordinator. Subsequently, she was relieved and asked to do the job of teaching. Bhoyar had also approached the state government. Hence, she was relieved from the post,\" claimed sources.When contacted, Bhoyar said that she had asked the administration to relieve her from the post.Additional deputy municipal commissioner Rizwan Siddiqui confirmed that Bhoyar has been relieved from the post of SSA's coordinator. He, however, refused to divulge the reason behind her relieve from the post. When Siddiqui was told that Chauliwar was under-qualified for the post, he said that Chauliwar was sent only on deputation and 'would be replaced later.'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13072078", "title": "Court reserves order on day-to-day trial in Naroda Gam", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The special court hearing the Naroda Gam massacre case on Wednesday kept its order reserved over witnesses' two applications demanding day-to-day trial as per the Supreme Court's directives.Witnesses' counsel Mohammed Hussain Mandalwala had filed two complaints against the delay in trial caused by various reasons, including special prosecutors resigning. In the demand for regular proceeding, it was highlighted that not a single witness has been examined during last 15 months after IG Rahul Sharma deposed in 2011.After hearing these applications, designated judge S H Vora kept May 23 to pass an order. The delay in this trail was also caused after the trial court did not agree for voice spectrography of accused to ascertain Tehelka tapes. tnn The issue reached the Gujarat high court and was settled earlier this year.Meanwhile, three officials from the Gandhinagar DFS came to court on Wednesday to verify the copies of CDs containing call records obtained by Sharma and the sting operation. However, the defence counsel admitted the exhibits, following which the prosecutor dropped examination of witnesses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13074402", "title": "JD(S) members lock horns", "text": "MYSORE: Members of JD(S) engaged in a war of words over the appointment of new president to the party's Chamaraja segment at a meeting held at the JD(S) office on Sayyaji Rao Road near on Wednesday.The party leaders put forward the idea of appointing heads to its various segments on a temporary basis. This was opposed by a section of the party members resulting in a verbal duel. Former deputy mayor M J Ravikumar later told TOI that timely intervention of leaders including deputy mayor Mahadevappa saved the situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13074534", "title": "Three killed in road accident", "text": "HUBLI: Three members of a family were killed and five were injured when their car collided with another car in Guragunte village in Lingsugur taluk of Raichur district on Wednesday night.Lingsugur CPI Shivamurthy GR said that the deceased, including a 12-year-old boy, are not yet identified. All of them hail from Bellary. They were travelling to Gulbarga from Bellary in their car, when a car, which was going to Gulbarga from Sindhanur hit them. Three of the injured, including two children have been admitted to Lingsugur hospital. Rash driving is said to be the reason for the accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13074411", "title": "Don't believe in rumours, city police asks citizens", "text": "NAGPUR: City police chief Ankush Dhanvijay, following his inspection of the spot at Abha colony where three Bahurupiyas were lynched on Wednesday morning, appealed to citizens to guard against rumour-mongering.Dhanvijay said that there was an incident, also published in some local newspapers, where cops found a dacoit gang from Madhya Pradesh who would don saris to avoid detection. \"The information of the gang in saris seems to have fired the imagination of the local residents who confused these Bahurupiyas with the members from the same gang,\" said the CP.\"Citizens merely fell prey to rumours which led to misconceptions against three Bahurupiyas who had come here for alms,\" said Dhanvijay. \"The strange dress code of the Bahurupiyas who were wearing saris despite being males further aggravated the suspicion,\" said Dhanvijay.News of the gang, targeting women and little girls by night, were already doing the rounds in the slums of Bharatwada, Bharat Nagar, Sham Nagar, Navin Nagar, Ram Mandir, Durga Nagar, Bhavani Nagar, Laxmi Nagar, Bhandewadi, Juni Pardi, Chandra Nagar, Tulsi Nagar, Bhilgaon, Vijay Nagar, Gulmohar Nagar. Though no official complaints were made, there is a rumour that a little girl died after being raped in Tulsi Nagar.A local resident said that the Kalamna police has been alerted a numbers of times but there was lackadaisical response. \"Police always wants proof,\" said an angry resident.A couple from Durga Nagar said that the fear of the gang had been so overwhelming that the local residents remained awake the whole night. A resident from Laxmi Nagar said that they had been spending sleepless nights. \"Our women could not even go to the field or nullah to relieve themselves where the gang would try to molest them,\" he said. \"The gang had tranquillizing sprays with them and also added sedatives in the cooler's water to ensure the family members slip into deep slumber before looting their house and raping the women,\" said another citizen.A constable from Kalamna police station said that the rumours were spreading in the locality despite cops' attempt to reassure the citizens. \"We tried to speak to them local residents but they had turned aggressive and seemed to not trust the police,\" he said. The constable said that the slum dwellers, armed themselves with sticks and rods, would patrol the area in the night.There were also stray incidents from adjoining police stations of Ajni, Nandanvan, Yashodhara Nagar and Hudkeshwar. A student was thrashed on Sunday at Nandanvan after local residents mistook him for a thief. The public had also tried to damage the police van of Nandanvan police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13074591", "title": "Mafsu ex-VC, 50 others booked in recruitment scam", "text": "NAGPUR: After two years of investigation into the Mafsu recruitment scam, the anti-corruption bureau has finally registered offences against 50 persons, including the then vice chancellor of Maharashtra Animal and Fishery Sciences University (Mafsu) Dr Arun Ninawe, for illegalities in recruitment and misuse of official position. Of the 50 accused, 18 persons are from Nagpur.The accused include former registrar RL Dhobale, social welfare officer of Wardha MS Zod and director of Yeshwantrao Chavan Maharashtra Open University (divisional centre) ST Belsare. They have been booked for criminal misconduct under the Prevention of Corruption Act 1988 and other offences under the Indian Penal Code (IPC).Soon after the offences were registered, teams of ACB sleuths searched 29 houses, including Ninawe's residence at New Delhi, homes of 17 people in Nagpur, 4 in Akola, 3 in Thane, 2 in Parbhani, and 1 each in Pusad, Navi Mumbai and Yavatmal.Cash Rs 6.93 lakh was seized from the Hudkeshwar residence of SG Pendam, hostel in charge of Chokamela Hostel at Deekshabhoomi. Searches were still in progress while going to press. The cops are also questioning many of the accused.Ninawe was appointed Mafsu vice chancellor on May 17, 2007. He was suspended a week before his tenure was to end on May 6, 2010, on charges of corruption, irregularities in recruitment, misbehaviour with inquiry officer and victimization of subordinates.The city-based Mafsu offers bachelor's and master's degrees in veterinary, animal husbandry and fisheries with 10 colleges affiliated to it. The varsity was in the thick of controversies since its inception in 2000 due to allegations of large-scale irregularities in appointment of over 468 staffers. The teaching and non-teaching employees had also complained to the Governor about victimization by Ninawe and his corrupt practices, and a case was also filed in the high court.The issue came up in the state assembly and council, following which the government instituted a departmental enquiry on January 4, 2009. This confirmed the irregularities, leading to the anti-corruption bureau (ACB) probe. Another panel also probed validity of recruitments during Ninawe's tenure.Mafsu had published an advertisement to recruit 539 staffers, including 321 for teaching posts and 218 for non-teaching staff in February 2007. A year later, an advertisement was published for 468 more posts, 247 teaching and 221 non-teaching.SP Sandeep Diwan said a team headed by DySP Rajesh Dudhalwar went through 3,880 pages. \"Our team probed each and every department, and quizzed witnesses, victims and accused. We learnt how the accused recruited people by misusing powers, and registered offences,\" he said.The recruitment flouted government reservation since the advertisement did not include all vacant posts, and was not checked by all committees before it was published. The accused had also neglected to appoint 30% women as required.Teaching staff to be recruited are also required to score at least 80% in written and 20% in orals, however people with less marks were recruited. Similarly, people with lower qualification were also recruited for many posts. Cops also found numbers on mark lists had been changed and fake documents were submitted. Ninawe and others also destroyed evidence, said the cops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13073761", "title": "Stolen newborn recovered, accused nabbed", "text": "BHOPAL: The Bhopal police late on Tuesday night recovered the newborn boy, who was stolen from the Sultania Lady Hospital on April 30. The accused, Anita, 35, the wife of Sunil, is a resident of Narela Sankari in Piplani area on the city outskirts.\"She was caught after the police received a tip-off that a woman, who looks similar to a sketch released by the police, is seen with a newborn in Narela Sankari. Subsequently, the police swung into action and nabbed her and recovered the baby boy from her house. Later, the infant's family also confirmed her identity,\" said SSP Yogesh Choudhary.On the motives of crime, the police said it is the second marriage of the accused, Anita. Earlier, the woman was married to one Suresh. She had two kids from him. Later, they were separated and four years after separation, she was married to another man Sunil.The police said Anita was under pressure from her in-laws since she did not have any child from her second marriage. Sunil's parents were allegedly pressuring her to leave the house, the police said.According to the police, Anita got the idea of lifting the newborn baby of Chaggan and Laxmi when she went to see one of her friends in the Lady Hospital on April 30. The woman befriended the family and later escaped with their newborn. On reaching home, she told her in-laws that the kid is of her sister.After registering a case of abduction, the police also issued a sketch of the suspect on the basis of the description provided by the victim family.During the initial investigations, Anita reportedly told the police that this was for the first time that she had committed such a crime. Investigations are on, the police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13072467", "title": "'Plant adequately insured': M&M;", "text": "NASHIK: A major fire broke out at auto major Mahindra &amp; Mahindra's Nashik plant early Wednesday morning. There were no casualties and the fire was brought under control in two hours.As a safety measure, the company suspended operations of its first shift. The fire started at 5.30am and 12 fire tenders, including three of the company, were able to extinguish it by 7.30am. The fire started in the storage area for spare parts of Scorpio and Xylo vehicles.Mahindra &amp; Mahindra in a statement said the plant assets were adequately covered by insurance and the production loss in the first shift was estimated to be around 250 vehicles.M&M;'s Nashik unit is in Satpur MIDC area and manufactures around 500 vehicles a day that includes 300 units of Scorpio and Xylo, 130 units of Bolero and 70 units of Verito.The company has around 2,800 permanent employees at its Nashik plant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13066813", "title": "Aamir\u2019s outing with a real cop", "text": "Aamir Khan is known for his method acting, and for Talaash, the actor spent time with a real cop to get his act right.When it comes to portraying a character, Aamir Khan goes to the depth of it to get the role right. The actor who will be seen in a police officer's avatar in Reema Kagti's Talaash was constantly in touch with a real cop to continually observe his mannerisms.According to a unit hand, the actor used to visit the control room to get a feel of the atmosphere. He also accompanied a real cop on a night round up duty to get a clear idea about their way of interrogation.Known to be secretive, Aamir Khan preferred to execute his observational tactics at night, so that he wouldn't draw much attention. Talaash has been delayed due to his television debut.It is believed that Aamir will re-shoot a few scenes of the film in June. Talaash is expected to release in November.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13071813", "title": "Guesthouse sealed in Sec 34", "text": "NOIDA: The sealing drive in Noida has once again picked up pace. Even as Noida Authority targeted 20 properties for non-sanctioned land use in Sector 34 on Wednesday, the enforcement department sealed two premises for conducting unauthorized activity. Other property owners who had stopped illegal commercial activity from their residential plots were let off with a warning.After a previous survey, the sealing squad inspected six locations in the sector, four of which had already shut shop while two were sealed. Noida's administrative officer, Rajesh Prakash found a guesthouse and a private office to have ignored all directions of the Authority to shut down unauthorized activity from its residential premises and instructed his team to immediately seal it. \"The guesthouse had two families staying there. The owners were instructed to immediately vacate the rooms,\" he said.Earlier, the Authority had conducted a survey of the sector to find property owners conducting unauthorized commercial activity. They had found 20 properties involved in non-sanctioned activity. \"Of the 20 properties, we found 1 clinic, 2 paying guest accommodations, one SBI ATM, 1 guest house, 1 jewellery shop, 4 private offices, 8 general stores, one TV repair shop and one godown running in the sector,\" said Prakash. \"During inspection by our teams, we found that, of these, most had closed down on their own, except for the two against which we have taken action,\" he added.The Authority has also instructed its enforcement department that all allottees, who have received notices for shutting down operations from the Authority, be fined 1% of the current sector allotment land rates as penalty.\"If these property owners fail to pay up, their lease deeds will be cancelled,\" said Prakash. The officials have also warned that owners of those properties that have been sealed will face lease deed cancellation. \"These property owners are then likely to be charged 5% of the prevalent sector land rates as restoration of lease deed charges,\" Prakash said.When questioned about the next area to be targeted, Prakash said, \"We are going about removal of illegal commercial units from residential areas in a systematic manner. We will cover the entire city soon. The next area on target is Sector 35.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13072936", "title": "Take fresh decision on Chowgule higher secondary school: High court to directorate of education", "text": "PANAJI: The high court of Bombay at Goa on Wednesday directed the directorate of education (DoE) to take a fresh decision on an application to be made by the management of Parvatibai Chowgule College of Arts and Science, Margao, for permission to close down its higher secondary school (HSS) section.While setting aside the DoE's earlier order rejecting the college's application, a division bench comprising Justice A P Lavande and Justice U V Bakre directed the college to file a fresh application within one week with the DoE in that regard. The court has granted the teachers of the higher secondary one week's time thereafter to file objections, if any, to the application.The court has directed the DoE is to take a decision on the application filed by the college within two weeks thereafter.The bench was hearing a writ petition filed by Chowgule Education Society challenging the state's rejection of its application to shut down its higher secondary in a phased manner from 2012-13 academic year. The petitioner had submitted that the college is in the process of introducing several new post-graduate courses, in accordance with its goals to upgrade its courses over the next 50 years. The college had pointed out that as the existing infrastructure is under pressure due to the higher secondary school section, the college will not be able to reach its goals.On March 27 this year, the DoE had rejected the college's application to close down its HSS section on grounds that it would be prejudicial to the interests of education and the student community. The director of education, Anil Powar, had earlier filed an affidavit opposing the petition by stating that it would be against public interest to permit the college to close down its HSS section.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13073733", "title": "Women's panel absolves Kendriya Vidyalaya 2 principal", "text": "BHOPAL: The Madhya Pradesh State Women's Commission ( MPSWC) has absolved the school authorities of Kendriya Vidyalaya No. 2 from the charges of delaying medical reimbursement that led to a young girl student losing her eyesight. The case of the student, Nilu Rohit, was among the 25 cases taken up by the panel on Wednesday.The girl was also counselled for suicidal tendency on the directives of the commission.Nilu, a second year student in a city college, was suffering from meningitis and she lost her eyesight partially. In her petition she alleged that she lost her eyesight as the medical reimbursement for her treatment moved by her father, who worked with the KV 2 here, was delayed by the school authorities. She held the KV 2 principal Preeti Saxena responsible for her plight. The girl also reported suicidal tendency.Hearing the case commission chairperson Upma Rai said that even though it was unfortunate that the girl suffered, the school authority could not be held responsible as a certain procedure had to be followed for medical reimbursement.The commission sought the help of a counsellor Mohib Ahmed from the Mahila Thana for counselling of the girl for suicidal tendencies.Besides this, a total of 25 cases were heard during the day of which five were related to workplace harassment, six were related to dowry and family dispute. In 16 such cases, both the applicants and the non-applicants were present.The bench was headed by chairperson Upma Rai. Member Vandana Mandavi was also present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13074642", "title": "Nine transferred to central jails", "text": "MANGALORE: The department of prisons on Wednesday transferred nine undertrials from the district jail here to central jails in Dharwad and Bellary. The decision was taken after two groups of undertrials clashed in the jail on Tuesday which left seven persons injured. As per the direction of deputy inspector general of police (Prisons) VS Raju six of them were sent to Dharwad central jail and the rest to Bellary jail. The transfers are aimed at disciplining the undertrials.PS Ambekar, jail superintendent told TOI that while Safwan Hussain, Shamshuddin, Sarfaraz, Ajmal, Abdul Majar and Mohideen Sadiq are lodged in the Dharwad jail, Umar Farooq, Jalaluddin and Mohammad Fayaz have been sent to Bellary.Shamshuddin, Ajmal, Abdul Majar and the three sent to Bellary were accused of fatally assaulting Dinesh Raj, manager of Kanchana Textiles at Hampankatta in the city on February 14.Observing that it was the callousness on part of the head warder Jawaraiah which prompted the second round of assaults on Praveen Kulal and his associates, Ambekar said he will submit a report on the incident to the additional director general of police (prisons) KV Gagandeep soon.\"Jawaraiah claimed that the undertrials, who were housed separately, forcibly pushed him and made their way to attack Praveen and his associates,\" he said.\"Even a small incident in the district jail takes communal hues. The jail staff has taken steps to ensure that undertrials from different communities are housed in different barracks and are let out in different times for their daily routines,\" he said.It was the assault on Abdul Majar by Praveen Kulal and his associates in the morning that provoked the fight. The associates of Majar later in the evening retaliated triggering a second round of clashes.According to Ambekar there is a section of the undertrials, who revel in creating lawlessness in the jail. \"Most of them are locals and may take advantage of the situation to create trouble. Transferring them to other prisons is the only way to contain such elements,\" he added.The district jail, which was built in 1850 with a capacity to house 150 undertrials, at present has 240 undertrials, including 10 women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13074584", "title": "English question-paper for Marathi students", "text": "NAGPUR: Shockers never cease from Nagpur University. In latest case, final year Bachelor of Fine Arts (BFA Applied Art) students of Marathi medium had to suffer as they were handed over English medium question paper in their examination on Saturday. SS Bharambe, who is looking after as Controller of Examinations (CoE), refused to comment or say what action is being taken against erring officials. He directed all queries to PRO Prashant Mohite who was unavailable.According to students, they appeared from Dr Ambedkar College, Deekshabhoomi, centre for their 'Advertising Arts and Idea' paper. When paper began at 9.30am they were handed over English medium question paper. About 40 students from Marathi medium were at the centre. When they protested, the invigilators told them to contact centre in-charge as NU had not supplied Marathi medium papers.They were told, however, that they would not get additional time too. The aggrieved students, mostly from rural areas, were also told by the lecturers that all questions in both papers were almost the same and they would help the students in case of difficulty. However, many students couldn't understand the questions at all and wrote wrong answers. When they finally contacted the centre in-charge, he directed them to NU officials. They are now demanding a re-exam or at least grace marks, as they have only one theory paper while there are four practicals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13074663", "title": "Activist, government differ on fluoride contamination", "text": "NAGPUR: While Vidarbha Jan Andolan Samiti (VJAS) continues to claim that people in as many as 454 villages in Yavatmal district are being forced to consume fluoride affected water for years the officials of the state water supply and sanitation department maintain that corrective measures have been taken in all but 49 villages.The VJAS president Kishor Tiwari said that at least 30-40 villages each in Yavatmal, Umarkhed, Kelapur, Wani, Zari, Ghatanji, Arni, Digras, Darwah and Ralegaon talukas are suffering from various forms of fluorosis due to regular consumption of fluoride rich water.He claims that none of the de-fluoridation units set up by government were functional. Also, the claims of government of supplying water from surface water sources were false, he said.State government had agreed to make the entire district fluoride free in 2001 following some deaths in Mangi Kolampodawar.A team of National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) had visited Yavatmal and surveyed the villages following that the union government had released funds under UNICEF for setting up of tap water schemes and defluoridation plants.\"As of now, there are no functional units. The ground water has been exhausted for saving the crops by farmers. There is no fresh water left. It is only during rainy season that good water is available. You can't say based on water quality in September that the water is good all year round. Water is not just contaminated with fluoride but also many other elements like arsenic, iron etc,\" he said.Two years back, the Maharashtra chief secretary M Rameshkumar had visited the district and promised clean and potable water for the residents in affected villages but things haven't changed much, Tiwari added.The executive engineer of water supply and sanitation department at Yavatmal K P Umalkar maintained that the government had done its job well.\"We have set up tap water and dug well water supply in 405 villages so far. Process for alternative water supply was on in remaining 49 villages. These are not through borewells that would bring contaminated water. We have also set up 30 deflouridation units recently and all of them are functional. The project is being implemented by the state government with financial support from UNICEF,\" he said.As per government information, a survey was conducted in 9,798 villages in Maharashtra having fluoride, iron or nitrates or all of them as contaminants.It was noticed that 1,758 villages were fluoride affected in the state. Of these, 1011 were in Vidarbha alone. There was no village in Akola, Amravati, Wardha, Buldhana and Washim districts.All affected villages are in Gondia (22), Bhandara (139), Chandrapur (240), Gadchiroli (34) and Nagpur districts. Recently a village in Akola district and one in Nagpur district were given a defluoridation unit when water was found contaminated there, Umalkar added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13078281", "title": "Akhilesh assures action against UP DIG who endorsed 'honour' killing", "text": "LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh chief minister Akhilesh Yadav has assured action against the deputy inspector general (DIG) Saharanpur Satish Kumar Mathur who reportedly endorsed honour killing.Akhilesh replying to media queries after attending a function in a school, said \"It's a serious matter. If what has been shown on TV channels is correct, action will take place. Law and order is a challenge in UP. We have called a meeting of officers on law and order on May 18.\"The promise of action against the top ranking police official has come in view of growing public outrage over the shocking remark.DIG Saharanpur range, Satish Kumar Mathur, was on Tuesday caught on camera snubbing Shaukeen Mohammad, who had come to seek help to find his 14-year-old daughter kidnapped by some local musclemen.The DIG told Mohammad, a resident of Kaserwa village of Prabudhnagar district, to kill his daughter if she has eloped with somebody. While Mohammad feared that his daughter could be raped and killed by the abductors, who have a criminal record, the DIG remarked \"I don't have magical power to recover your daughter. But if she has eloped, you should be ashamed of it and end your life. I would have committed suicide or killed my sister if she had eloped.\"The government had on Wednesday ordered an inquiry into the 'honour killing' remark but senior police officials tried to defend the DIG. The inquiry was also ordered after National Commission for Women took serious view of the remark and demanded that the cop be suspended.However, Additional Director General of Police, Law &amp; Order, Jagmohan Yadav told reporters that a probe has been ordered but he also defended the DIG.\"The DIG has denied making any such remark and told me that the girl had eloped with a youth and had married him. She has also filed an application in the court stating that she wants to live with the youth but her family was threatening her.\"But when confronted by media that honour killing could not be justified, Yadav said he was not justifying it but added that action could be taken only after finding out the context of the DIG's remark.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13074005", "title": "80-year-old woman found dead in Prabhadevi", "text": "MUMBAI: An 80-year-old woman was found dead at her Prabhadevi residence on Wednesday morning.The Dadar police have ruled out foul play in Manisha Adi's death and a case of accidental death was registered. Her post-mortem report is awaited.\"Prima facie it does not seem like she was murdered. There were no signs of injury on her body nor was there any sign of forced entry into her house. She was wearing jewellery worth lakhs when we found her body. If there was foul play, the culprit would have stolen the jewellery,\" assistant commissioner of police (Dadar division) Madhukar Sankhe said.The police said that Adi had medical problems like diabetes and eczema and had survived three heart attacks.Sankhe said Adi lived alone in her one BHK flat since her husband's death in 2004. Neighbours said she led an active life and was friendly with other residents.Her neighbour noticed that she had not picked up the newspapers from her doorstep and got worried when there was no response from her flat on Wednesday morning.\"Adi had given the neighbour a spare key, which she used to open the door at 11am. She saw Adi lying on the floor in the hall and her body was slightly decomposed, indicating that almost 24 hours had elapsed since her death,\" said Sankhe.Adi is survived by a daughter who resides in Australia, and two grandchildren from another daughter who died some years back. Her granddaughter, Mitalee Joshi, is a doctor with Hinduja hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13066911", "title": "Sadaa, Vishal on a song", "text": "Director Sundar C has already started rolling his next film, featuring Vishal in the lead. Four huge sets, resembling club dance bars, have been erected in the city, where a song on Sadaa and Vishal was recently picturised.Director Sundar C reveals, \"It's a fast-paced number, set to tune by Vijay Antony. I started shooting the film with this song, and the next schedule will begin soon with Vishal and Santhanam.\"Quiz him why he started the film with a song, and he answers, \"Vishal plays three characters in the film, and all three roles demand very intensive performances by him. Instead of grilling Vishal right from the beginning, I decided to start shooting a breezy song. Moreover, this is the first time we're working together, and I wanted us to feel comfortable with each other.\"The film, tentatively titled Madha Gadha Raja, has Karthika in the lead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13073204", "title": "Only schools that moved court can hike fee: HC", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court on Wednesday clarified that its May 3 order permitting private schools to hike fees by 15% is applicable only to schools that approached the court and the enhanced fee was only for academic year 2012-13.A division bench of Justices R Banumathi and S Vimala, issuing certain clarifications at the state government's request, said the government was free to initiate action against schools that misinterpreted the orders and sought to collect excess fee.The clarifications were issued after government pleader S Venkatesh and additional government pleader P Sanjay Gandhi expressed apprehensions that the May 3 order could be misinterpreted by schools not covered by the order.In a special sitting on Wednesday, the judges said: \"In our order dated May 3, we made it clear that as per the interim arrangement, only petitioner schools covered under the order can collect 15% over and above the fees fixed by the school fee determination committee for the academic year 2012-13, and that 15% increase is subject to the final order to be passed by the committee. We have also made it clear that the interim arrangement was only for the petitioner schools and not for other schools.\"The judges said schools covered by the order cannot, however, charge 15% extra for previous academic years. Notice boards at these schools must indicate the extent of fee hike, and disclose the earlier fee structure fixed by the committee and the increased fee. They must also make it clear that the increase is subject to outcome of the final decision of the committee.The names of the schools where fee hike has been permitted should be displayed at offices of the district educational officer, the judges said. The education department should issue necessary circulars to private unaided schools regarding the order, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "sbs nagar", "code": "13073307", "title": "'Make rainwater harvesting wells operational'", "text": "SBS NAGAR: The Ludhiana Improvement Trust (LIT) authorities' apathetic attitude has not only left the residents fuming in SBS Nagar, but has also brought forth an example of how public money is wasted recklessly. The LIT had constructed three rainwater harvesting wells in three blocks of the area at a cost of Rs 3 lakh, but is now compelled to close them.The residents say these wells have never been functional since constructed and have been rather filling up with sewerage water as the area suffers choked sewerage lines too.Residents are of the view that the authorities must amend the wells or clear the sewerage rather than closing the wells, in order to avoid wastage of public money that has already been used, as it would also resolve the water logging problem during rains.LIT had started installing rain water harvesting wells in E, G and H blocks of SBS Nagar in August, 2011, but they were never put to use.A shopkeeper from the area, Arvind Sharma, said, \"It has become LIT authorities' habit to waste public money. They constructed the wells without proper planning and have realized now they haven't constructed these at an apt place.''Surinder Singh, a businessman from the area, said, \"Closing these wells would not help the public in anyway. They should look at providing relief to us rather than wasting time and money.''The sub-divisional officer of LIT Boota Ram said, \"We fear the sewerage chambers are very close to the rain water harvesting well in block E, but the other wells have no such problem. For now, we would close the wells and think about a solution to the problems.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13072825", "title": "Rajasthan-Chennai in crucial clash as teams bid for playoff slots", "text": "JAIPUR: A huge cut-out of Mahendra Singh Dhoni just outside the Sawai Mansingh Stadium boldly proclaims: 'change the game'. That should set the tone for Thursday's tie, when Chennai lock horns with hosts Rajasthan in an all-important IPL clash.Captain Dhoni will also be hoping for a change in fortunes. The defending champions, with 11 points in their kitty, need a victory to stay relevant in the league table. After the last-ball defeat against Mumbai, he can't even afford to think of anything less.On the other hand, Rahul Dravid's men will be seeking revenge against the visitors. After a series of defeats, Rajasthan are back in contention, thanks mainly to Shane Watson. Having accumulated 12 points from as many games, one more win should help them move closer to the playoffs. At the current stage, the one-point difference between the two teams is almost critical.On individual strengths, Chennai are much stronger on paper. With Faf du Plessis, Michael Hussey, Suresh Raina and the captain himself in the top-order, the batting looks rock solid. And then there is Ravindra Jadeja, who can change the colour of any game.Rajasthan, though, stand out when it comes to keeping the opponents under pressure. After Watson's unbeaten 90 against Pune, their confidence will also be high. The Australian all-rounder, and in-form Ajinkya Rahane and Owais Shah make for a fairly formidable troika. Dravid has been chipping in runs at a fair clip at the top.Rajasthan are likely to stick to the winning combination, although Brad Hodge could come in for Johan Botha. Chennai, interestingly, might finally consider one or two changes. Their bowling has let them down on a few occasions at the death. So, they might want to bring in Doug Bollinger to partner Ben Hilfenhaus.The big question is if Dhoni might want to risk Nuwan Kulasekara too. In that case, either Bravo or Albie Morkel, who have been useful with both bat and ball, will have to be benched. Rajasthan's bowling looks much more incisive with Shaun Tait finally regaining full fitness. They had initially struggled on that front but with Watson and Siddharth Trivedi able to share the burden with the pacy Tait, they will be much more competitive.The key, of course, would be the batting. Whoever takes advantage of the SMS track, which is expected to be a batsman's paradise, can hope to emerge victorious.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13073749", "title": "Child rights panel seeks agreement papers", "text": "BHOPAL: The State Commission for Protection of Child Rights ( SCPCR) has asked for documents of the agreement signed between an alleged child labourer, an employee of a local industry in Bhopal , who had sustained serious head injuries a few months back and his employer after hearing a case on Wednesday.Members of the family of minor, Ram Shankar (name changed), 16, told the commission that he worked for Shashi Enterprises at Govindpura industrial estate. While on duty, he sustained severe injuries when an iron beam fell on his head and he went into coma. This incident took place a few months back.They alleged that the minor then went into coma for a fortnight and later recovered. The employer paid for the Initial treatment at Anandshree Hospital, Indrapuri. Once the hospital charges went up, the mill owner shifted the minor to Peoples Hospital and stopped paying for his treatment, they told the commission.The boy's father also alleged that he was made to give his thumb impression on a blank paper.During the hearing on Wednesday, when commission chairperson Usha Chaturvedi asked employer Ved Prakash Bharadwaj whether he had made the boy's father put a thumb impression on a blank paper, he replied in the negative.Ved Prakash, however, told the commission that there was an agreement with the alleged victim.Chaturvedi said, \"Unless we see the agreement, we cannot come to any conclusion. The employer has been asked to furnish the agreement to the commission. The next hearing of the case will be on May 22.\"The minor's father had also alleged that the employer had filed an FIR with the police stating his age to be 22. Later, Childline, an NGO working for children, taking suo motu cognisance of the case had accessed the class VIII mark-sheet of the minor which showed his age as 16.Chaturvedi said, \"The commission will recommend adequate compensation to the labour court for the child once we are through with the case.\"Another case heard at the commission was of the child studying at TM Convent School, who was forcibly given a transfer certificate (TC) by the school.The commission had called the secretary of the school. Secretary M A Beg gave in writing that the TC will taken back in the presence of the district education officer (DEO).Members of the commission present at the hearing on Wednesday were RH Lata, Vibhangshu Joshi, Reeta Upadhya, Asha Yadav and under-secretary US Nagaich.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13073577", "title": "Hired chopper betrays again", "text": "RANCHI: The helicopter that crash-landed with chief minister Arjun Munda, his wife and four others on board was hired by the state government last year. The Augsta-109 (Power) model of helicopter was suitable for VIP carriage as per technical specification available with the manufacturers, but the chopper is learnt to be over 15 years old though the exact flying hours data was not available with the civil aviation authorities here.State civil aviation department's flying control director Captain S P Sinha said there was some technical snags in the chopper that necessitated forced landing. \"A team of directorate general of civil aviation (DGCA) would look into the reason for crash-landing and only they are authorized to comment on the snag,\" he said.The double engine chopper is a versatile aircraft known for power flexibility. It is a single pilot chopper with seating capacity of eight. On Wednesday, six persons, including the two pilots, were on board as mandated in VIP flights. Used in civil and military operations, the twin engines are controlled by full authority digital engine control (Fadec) system.One of the pilots, Vipul Kumar Singh, who was undergoing treatment at the Apollo Hospital said the chopper lost radar control while trying to land in Kuchai and decided to come back to Ranchi.\"Here also, there was some difficulty in landing and it finally suffered a free fall,\" he said.It is not the first time when choppers used by the state government have developed on-flight snags and forced for emergency landing. The same helicopter had to make an emergency landing in Jamshedpur last week reportedly because of bad weather when Munda was on board.The state government has no helicopter of its own after the only Dhruv chopper - given by the Centre for police operations in Maoist-hit Jharkhand - was shot at in April by Maoists and is under maintenance since then. The department of civil aviation has never purchased a helicopter of its own and has been seeking services of different agencies.Earlier, the state sought services of Om Sri Sai Company, Indore, and Deccan Aviation. Later, it used the chopper provided by the Union home ministry to the police department. Last year, it issued tender for hiring on wet land lease and approved the Aryan Company for its services.It was on September 30, 2001, that the Pawan Hans Chopper ferrying former President APJ Abdul Kalam and the then state science and technology minister, Samresh Singh, had a crash-landing from a height of about 100 metres in Bokaro. However, Kalam and others escaped unhurt and a government probe put the blame on \"drunk\" pilot.On April 26, 2007, the then HRD minister Bandhu Tirkey was slightly injured when his chopper had a crash-landing in Dumka. The chopper was hired by state government from OSS Aviation to ferry VIPs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13073176", "title": "Tariff order a welcome move, say residents", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A day after Joint Electricity Regulatory Commission for the state of Goa and union territories passed the tariff orders for Chandigarh, it became the talking point among city residents, especially those who had filed objections regarding the proposal.The move has been welcomed by most of the residents, whereas the department will have to remain in debt as against their proposal of 67% power tariff hike JERC has only allowed 10.22% hike. A new slab has been added to the tariff chart, besides consumers will not have to pay any arrears as the tariff hike will be applicable from May 1 onwards.However, they feel the department should now concentrate on saving the losses so that there is no need to increase the tariff and add more burden to consumer's shoulders.Naveen Manglani, president of Chamber of Chandigarh Industries, was one of the first three people in the city to file an objection. While talking to TOI he said, \"We have whole heartedly welcomed the decision and are glad that the Commission took serious note of the objections. The commission has also tightened grip on the UT electricity department which is an excellent move. Moreover, the department should now focus on keeping a check on losses through unauthorized connections, thefts etc.\"Damanjeet Singh, resident of Mohali, had suggested breaking of the slabs. He said, \"The commission has taken a fair decision by breaking down the slabs as it was making the underprivileged suffer. Thanks to the decision of breaking the tariff slabs, now the impact of the hike would be much less on people.\"Kudrat Sethi, a resident of Sector 11, said, \"I think 10% hike will not bring much of a difference and is justified with rates of everything increasing.\"Divankar Gupta, a resident of Sector 23, said, \"The tariff hike is much below what everyone has been expecting and so I think everyone should welcome the decision.\"\"Last year the hike was 27% to 31% and this time the proposed hike was 67%, therefore we were all expecting more hike. Thankfully its not much if we compare the trend. We just hope they don't double it next year,\" said Chandandeep Kaur, resident of Sector 40.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13073590", "title": "'New education policy has loopholes'", "text": "RANCHI: In a seminar titled 'Present Education Policy: Student, School and Parent', organized by the Ranchi Parents Association, pros and cons of the present government education policy was discussed on Wednesday. Many parents and teachers think that the Right to Education Act which enables every child to attend school is a positive move by the government but promotion of a child every year despite his academic performance is not a proper thing to do.\"The government is coming up with new policies everyday but these are not very beneficial for the children as they come with many loopholes. According to the policy, a child between 6-14 years of age has to be promoted even if his performance is not up to the mark. We cannot assess whether a child is actually learning or not,\" said Ajay Rai, secretary of the Parents' Association.Another loophole in the policy, according to the teachers, is that they cannot punish the students. Principal of St. Xavier's School Fr Ajit Xess said, \"Usually teachers do not punish students but sometimes it becomes a necessity. But according to the government rule, a teacher is not supposed to punish students and there have been some cases in which the teachers had to suffer and the student got away despite being guilty.\"The parents present in the seminar also discussed problems they face owing to lack of coordination between the school and the guardians. \"If a school is planning to start a new project or increase fee or taking any step with regards to changes in timetable, the administration should consult the parents before applying them\", said Amit Kumar, a guardian present at the seminar.Principals, teachers, students and parents of six schools in the city, including St Xavier's School, DPS, Sacred Heart, Cambridge School, Sarla Birla School and JVM Shyamli, participated in the seminar. Regional director, DAV Group of Schools L R Shaini, was also present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13073136", "title": "Corporation of Chennai in a fix over stray dog menace", "text": "CHENNAI: The Corporation of Chennai, which has registered 25 deaths due to rabies since last year, says any attempt to remove street dogs from the roads is thwarted by animal activists. Nine of the victims were reportedly from the city.A day after a boy in Ambattur died of rabies, the corporation was flooded with calls from residents. \"From morning we got at least 60 calls about dogs chasing people and requesting us to remove them,\" said an official. The civic body is also at a loss about what to do after the standard vaccination and sterilization. \"According to international guidelines, we should put the dog back in the original place. But then residents protest. It is dicey when dealing with aggressive dogs.\"Corporation officials say the proposed dog shelters scheme has been shelved because of activists. \"They say it is similar to jailing them,\" said an official. Dog shelters and removing dogs from the streets are hardly the solution, say animal lovers. \"If you put 5,000 dogs under one roof, they will de-socialise rapidly and end up killing or biting each other. It was tried in places like Taiwan and Ireland , but never worked,\" said Animal Welfare Board vice-chairperson Chinni Krishna.Activists also oppose the plan of re-locating dogs. \"They are pack animals. You remove a set of dogs and another group will come into the territory for food,\" said Blue Cross of India honorary joint secretary Sathya RadhakrishnanAnimal activists and corporation officials insist that rabies cases in the city have nearly been brought down to nil. \"Every time we see a case, we track down the area of the infected dog. We then realize the patient has given a city address but was bitten elsewhere,\" said city health officer P Kuganantham. The nine cases bearing Chennai addresses, too, were from Perambur and Madhavaram, on the city outskirts, he said.Corporation officials say they vaccinate nearly 40,000 dogs a year. They also provide rabies vaccinations free of cost in two of the civic body's pet clinics, and have instructed their veterinarians to start immunizing dogs in the respective areas. Registration of breeders and compulsory licensing of dog owners is also a long-term solution to eradicating street dogs, they say.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13073288", "title": "Ludhiana celebrates Mother's week to salute the real hero", "text": "LUDHIANA: Taking a break from all the roles they usually juggle, chores they handle and stress that they gloss over, mothers in the city are dedicating the whole Mother's Day week to going footloose with friends and celebrating at special kitty parties.On Wednesday, BRS Nagar-resident Reita Arora and Niman Dhaman of New Model Town hosted separate kitties for their friends as a time to chill out. Reita, 60, a homemaker, said, \"A woman keeps giving to society in every phase of her life and sets aside very little time for herself. This is why we planned a Mother's Day special kitty to pamper ourselves.''Dr Veena Walia, 64, said, \"After working all my life, it is time to celebrate every day. Mother's Day is just another occasion to celebrate our womanhood and love for life.''Amarjeet Khatra, 62, a homemaker from Sarabha Nagar, said 15 friends joined the kitty including Meenu Sethi of Bharat Nagar, Rekha Behl from BRS Nagar, Sakshi, Manjeet Kaur, Anu Gupta, Sonia Jain, Jagmeet Kaur and Renu Goyal from Atam Nagar, Kitchlu Nagar-resident Monika and Manmeet Kaur of Model Town. \"We chit-chatted, had exciting rounds of tambola and just enjoyed being with each other. Usually everyone except mothers themselves celebrates Mother's Day so we wanted to do things differently,'' she said.At the kitty hosted by Niman, all the members honoured their eldest member as chief guest and the special mother of the day. \"We had unanimously decided that the spotlight will be on our group's most senior member, Rosy Chawla. So we got her to cut a cake and everyone specially wished her before settling down for the mandatory tambola rounds,'' said Niman.Thrilled by the attention showered on her, 58-year-old Rosy, who stays in Model Town Extension, said, \"I was overwhelmed by the love the members showed me.'' Among those who attended the party were Model Town-resident Mona Khurana, Jyoti Kaur of BRS Nagar, Rimpy Khurana of Gurdev Nagar, Neety Baweja of Model Town, Sonu Puri, who stays in Industrial area, Rimpy Kukreja of BRS Nagar, Tajinder Kaur and Hardeep Kaur of Model Town and Ritu Mehra of Asha Puri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "13074790", "title": "One more case of H1N1 suspected in Namakkal", "text": "SALEM: One more case of H1N1 virus has been reported in Kalllakuzhipatti in Namakkal. A 10-year-old boy was admitted to the government hospital on Tuesday with high fever.His mother said he had been suffering from fever for the past two weeks and had received treatment from a private hospital in Namakkal.\"Initially, I was told that my son had typhoid fever. Later, the private hospital staff told me he had Dengue fever. Now they say he may have the H1N1 virus. So I decided to come to the Namakkal government hospital,\" said the mother.As the Namakkal GH did not have adequate facilities to treat H1N1 patients, the boy has been referred to the Salem government hospital.When resident medical officer of Namakkal GH was contacted, he said that they could not confirm that the boy had the H1N1 virus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13073003", "title": "Gurgaon civic body employee caught drinking at work, suspended", "text": "GURGAON: A Municipal Corporation, Gurgaon employee who was caught drinking alcohol in the office a few weeks ago was finally given the suspension order on Monday. Following the incident, the mayor had immediately requested the MCG commissioner to suspend the worker and the order was issued on Monday.The incident took place on April 18, two days before the MCG sanitation workers' union elections were to be held. According to sources, this incident would have gone unnoticed had the mayor not passed by his office late at night on that day.\"It was well past 10pm when the mayor, Vimal Yadav, happened to pass by his office near the Civil Hospital and was surprised to see the lights on in his room at that odd hour. On going inside, he saw Rajesh Kumar, a sanitation worker, sitting with two others and drinking alcohol. One of them was actually sitting on the mayor's chair. An angry mayor asked the commissioner to suspend the worker immediately,\" said an official.However, sources within the MCG didn't seem impressed. \"Getting a class four employee suspended at a time when cases of corruption have been piling against senior MCG officials cannot be really considered a victory for the mayor or the commissioner. Despite repeated written complaints against corrupt senior officials, nothing has been done .If the commissioner has the guts, he should suspend those corrupt officials first,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13075547", "title": "Police readying for action against cars with sun control films", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: With the total ban on the use of tinted glass and sun control films on vehicles by the Supreme Court, the cops in the city seem to be the first to implement it.A lot of them were seen queuing outside the automobile service centres in the city to remove sun control films from their vehicles.City police commissioner T J Jose was one of them. \"Not just me, most of the senior police officers under the city police have started removing the films. The rest of them will join the pack within two days,\" he said.Meanwhile, Thiruvananthapuram Rural superintendent of police A J Thomaskutty said that all officers under the rural division have already removed the films from their official vehicles. \"I removed the dark film from my vehicle the very next day after the Supreme Court order. I also ordered all my subordinates to follow the same. Now you cannot spot even a single official vehicle under my division with tinted windows,\" the SP said.The Supreme Court on May 2 had issued an order of total ban on the use of sun control films and tinted glasses that blocked vision from outside the vehicles. The order followed a public interest litigation filed, which alleged that vehicles with opaque windscreens and windows were increasingly used for criminal activities such as extortion and sexual abuse of women.Even though the police vehicles were seen sporting tinted glasses after the SC order, it was only after the order from the director general of police Jacob Punnoose that things picked up pace.But the DGP has asked the police not to go on a ticketing spree soon. The public would be given some time to remove the sun control films.The rush on Wednesday has only one thing to indicate. The warning period given to the public is going to end and the police would be soon hitting the roads to catch cars with tinted glasses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13073220", "title": "Kalakshetra to discuss Samson\u2019s exit on Friday", "text": "CHENNAI: The governing board of the Kalakshetra Foundation will meet on Friday to discuss the reinstatement of Leela Samson as the director. \"The governing board will meet on May 11,\" chairman of the board Gopalkrishna Gandhi told TOI on Wednesday.Samson had resigned from her post last month claiming that the board was not happy with her continuing as director after the age of 60, the retirement age for government officials. Since then, many artists and some members of the board have campaigned actively and supported Samson's return to the post.Sources said that some of the board members had met to discuss the former director's reinstatement and that a resolution may be discussed in Friday's meeting regarding the matter.\"We will know about the board's decision on Friday. Personally, I am all for getting her back,\" said dancer Madhavi Mudgal, a board member. On her resignation, chairman Gandhi said that it was Samson who had asked to be relieved and the government relieved her of her duties.\"This matter concerns the board first before Samson. The final decision about stepping back into the post of director will be her decision. We will see about that later,\" said a board member.Samson had sent in her resignation to the Union ministry of culture on April 12 following a board meeting on April 10. During the meeting she was questioned by a panel, that included culture secretary Sangita Gairola and Gandhi, on the findings of a recent CAG report indicating financial and administrative irregularities in the foundation's functioning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13076687", "title": "Our bowlers set up the victory: Chris Gayle", "text": "MUMBAI: He played a crucial part in his team's comprehensive nine-wicket win with a blazing 82-run knock, but Royal Challengers Bangalore opener Chris Gayle credited his team's bowlers for setting up the crushing nine-wicket victory over Mumbai Indians.\"It was a very good wicket to bat on (when we batted) to be honest with you. First of all I must say it was a very good toss to win. The new ball tends to do a lot here. Credit must go to our bowlers who utilised the conditions brilliantly.\"I would actually say our bowlers won this match for us. To restrict such a good batting line up in the first six overs and also get key wickets was a tremendous effort,\" said the left-handed West Indian power-hitter.Gayle struck six towering sixes and five fours while notching his fourth 80-plus score in the tournament and sixth half-century.RCB pacer R Vinay Kumar bowled a devastating first spell to reduce Mumbai to 2/2 by sending back opener James Franklin and Rohit Sharma - in his opening over.The former Windies skipper, who got the Orange Cap for becoming the leading run-getter (515 from 11 games) in the tournament, said they knew Lasith Malinga was the danger man for them and their plan was not to let him do the damage.\"When we batted, it was good to bat on. Only the new ball did a bit. It was key that we didn't let them in early by losing early wickets. Myself and Dilshan played that part very well, but unfortunately we lost Dilshan and then captain (Kohli) came in and we finished it off,\" he said.\"We know what Malinga is capable of. He was actually our toughest hurdle and looking to pick up early wickets. Our plan was not to let him do so. We knew what was actually coming at us. He is one of the best T20 bowlers in the world. Credit has to be given where it is due. We played him out well. We stuck to our plans and finished it off well,\" said the 32-year-old.He said luck was with him when fellow-West Indian Dwayne Smith dropped a skier off a leading edge at point off Rudra Pratap Singh when he was 21 in the sixth over\"He does not drop many catches. That was a surprise. Ball went high it was a tough one even though he is a tremendous fielder. These things do happen. It was unfortunate for him and good luck for me. I was very happy he dropped it.\"Gayle said the victory was achieved in a crucial game but what was more important was that RCB continue in the same vein to get into the four-team play-offs.\"Yeah it's a good feeling to achieve it but what was more important was actually winning the game. It was difficult position for us but two wins on the trot is actually good for us and hopefully we can continue in the same form in the next couple of games.\"But we need to be consistent. This is history now and we move on to the next game in Pune and hopefully continue that winning vein and give us that chance to have a shot at that trophy,\" he signed off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13073075", "title": "Parkal ticket: BJP, TRS give little away", "text": "HYDERABAD: The BJP on Wednesday finalised its candidates for four Assembly bypoll-bound constituencies but kept up the suspense on the Parkal ticket. Both the national party and TRS are waiting on each other to make the first move with reference to this seat in the Telangana region with the suspense likely to last till the end of this month, when filing of nominations closes on May 25.\"We want to first know about the candidates from the other parties, especially the TRS, before deciding on our candidate. Parkal is a significant seat for us and we are determined to win it,\" said BJP state president, G Kishan Reddy.The BJP core committee, that had met on Tuesday, finalised candidates for the Assembly segments of Narasannapet, Ongole, Yemmiganur, and Ramachandrapuram while deciding to keep on hold their choice for the Parkal seat.While some twelve names are on the shortlist for Parkal, Premender Reddy, Janga Reddy, Devender Reddy have emerged as the favourites for an electoral ticket. However, the likelihood of a new name altogether being selected is not being ruled out just yet. Getting wind of the BJP's strategy, the TRS has swung into action although it has adopted very much the same technique as the saffron party of keeping the opponent guessing.The Parkal battle seems like having become something of a desperate siege, particularly for the TRS which is looking to revive its stakes in the Telangana region after having lost the Mahbubnagar bypoll to BJP. Mahbubnagar is home turf for TRS supremo K Chandrashekar Rao.The TRS leaders are maintaining that they would take a call on their Parkal candidature after the party's ongoing 'Palle Bhata' programme aimed at consolidating its support base in villages. \"We will need some more time to decide on our candidate for Parkal as there are various aspects to be considered before taking a final call,\" said TRS politburo member, Dr Shravan Dasoju.With the party considering fielding a strong candidate from the Yadav community for a constituency dominated by voters from backward classes, Bhikshapathy, a Yadav, has emerged as a frontrunner for the TRS ticket.Sahodara Reddy and Peddi Sudarshana Reddy are among the other names doing the rounds. Sources in TRS agreed that they were wooing Bhikshapathy who, it was learnt, is seeking party funding for his campaign. Party sources said that TRS was at the moment engaged in negotiations with Bhikshapathy.In certain other quarters, efforts are on to convince BJP and TRS to put up a united candidate for the Parkal seat given that both parties have the common goal of realising a separate Telangana state. Singer-activist Rasamayi Balakishan, reportedly under consideration for the BJP nomination, has said that he is ready to contest as the consensus candidate.But while BJP has shown its willingness to go with such an arrangement, the TRS is against any such association upon fear that its Muslim voters would desert the party. \"Considering the long-term implications of such an alliance, any political understanding with BJP, at this stage, is completely ruled out,\" Dasoju said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "mhow", "code": "13074031", "title": "Workshop on programming language held", "text": "Mhow: Institution of Electronics and Telecommunication Engineers (IETE) Mhow Centre in association with National Instruments organized a one-day workshop on 'Graphical Programming Language and Scalable Programmable Hardware' at Faculty of Communication Engineering, MCTE, Mhow, recently. The workshop was inaugurated by lieutenant general Rajesh Pant, VSM, commandant MCTE and colonel commandant Corps of Signals. It was coordinated by Dr Rajesh Bodade, honorary treasurer, IETE, Mhow under the guidance of colonel Vivek Tyagi, vice-chairman IETE Mhow. Lieutenant colonel Rajeshwar Singh, honorary secretary IETE Mhow briefed the audience about the activities of IETE.Manish Dhruv, Sudeep Nagpurkar and Mithilesh Pradhan conducted technical sessions along with practical demonstration. The workshop was attended by IETE members, student officers of MCTE and teaching faculties of technical institutions at Indore. Brigadier Abhay Bhat, chairman IETE, Mhow and commander FCE proposed a vote of thanks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13074809", "title": "Rahul Gandhi to meet senior partymen on May 29", "text": "BANGALORE: Less than a month after Congress president Sonia Gandhi's visit to Karnataka, AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi will be making use of his Hubli visit on May 28 and 29 to hold discussions with senior partymen of the state.Rahul will be in Hubli for the three-day Youth Congress national executive committee meeting commencing on May 26.He will address the 75-member committee and also a convention of 20,000 elected office-bearers of the Youth Congress on May 28. He will interact with party seniors on May 29.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13074292", "title": "Nagpur architect comes up with novel on hope", "text": "NAGPUR: Wisdom is a trait long associated with age and experience. These days, however, the young brigade also seems eager to share their limited experiences with the world. It is manifested in various books written by young graduates from prestigious professional colleges. Joining this league of extraordinary youngsters is city architect Aabhas Maldahiyar with his debut novel 'Restart'. It has the protagonist turning all the failures into opportunities to improve himself.\"The idea of the book came to me during my school days. Like most students, I was mortally scared of mathematics - to the extent that I scored a meagre 40 marks in my pre-board exams. The thought of flunking the board examination because of one subject made me work so hard that within a matter of 30 days I got over the phobia, eventually scoring very good marks in board examination,\" said Aabhas. The phobia turned into such fondness that he decided to combine it with his love for designing and chose to become an architect. Besides writing the book, Aabhas is also a research scholar at Institute of Design Education and Architectural Studies. The subject of research - 'Mathematical aspects of architecture'!Another tryst with failure came in when he flunked a semester in college. That had him so dejected that he returned home thinking of giving up studies. At this time, books by Robin Sharma helped him get over the low feeling and 'restarting'. \"Such instances have taught me that every failure can be turned into an opportunity. Nothing can be messed so bad that it cannot be rebuilt. Taking this as premise, I started writing about Aditya who makes some wrong choices after entering an architecture college. However, during the toughest times of his life, Aditya resolves to 'restart' his life,\" he explained. In his account of life of an architecture student, Aabhas has put on his ability to sketch and write poems to good use too.Asked about sudden spurt in the number of graduates writing their experiences in college, the young writer asserts the phenomenon is not new at all. \"Penning down accounts of what one goes thorough in diaries and journals is being done since centuries. At that time, though, it was not very easy to publish these. Now with the blogs and publishing houses being more open to the idea of 'real' fiction, the number of such books is increasing,\" he said. One thing that peeves him is that some of new-age writers like Chetan Bhagat give up the profession they had been wishing to join to take up writing as a full-time job. \"This amounts to wasting a seat in a reputable institution as well as the knowledge one gains there,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13073032", "title": "Churchill may sever ties with Congress for two leaves", "text": "MARGAO: Smarting under the humiliation of being held responsible for the Congress debacle in the last assembly polls over the 'family raj' issue, former PWD minister Churchill Alemao is seriously considering severing ties with Congress and returning to the United Goans Democratic Party (UGDP) in a bid to contest the upcoming Cortalim bypolls on the regional party ticket.Speaking to TOI, Alemao spoke his mind, but declined to reveal the timing of his next party-hopping move.\"I will have no option but to quit the Congress. If Congress feels that we (Alemao family) are responsible for its misfortune, why should I stay in the party? I don't want to be the cause for the party's destruction,\" Alemao said. As regards speculation about his joining UGDP, Alemao said he was yet to take a final call, though he expressed his sense of affection and possessiveness towards the regional outfit he first joined in 1994.\"UGDP mhuge party mure (UGDP is my party). But whether to join it or not, I am yet to decide,\" Alemao said.Though he declined to confirm whether he would contest the Cortalim byelection, Alemao, in his inimitable style, put the ball in the people's court. \"If people want me to contest, I will. A lot of people from Cortalim have been coming to meet me expressing their support to me. The panchas and sarpanchas of the villages of Cortalim constituency are with me. They have been urging me to contest from Cortalim. But I have not taken any decision yet,\" Alemao said.UGDP leaders also seem eager to welcome Alemao back into the party fold. UGDP vice-president Radharao Gracias, speaking to TOI, said he has already held talks with Alemao in that regard. \"Churchill does not seem disinterested in joining UGDP, but at the same time he does not seem to be too keen in doing that,\" Gracias said.Whatever may be the import of Gracias' statement, it's clear that though Alemao is keen in returning to the legislative assembly through the byelection, the shadow of the humiliating defeat he suffered just over two months ago looms large over his political prospects. Analysts say another defeat in a very short span of time could be too ignominious for him to bear.UGDP secretary general Anacleto Viegas said that \"nothing has been finalized as yet\" over Alemao's joining UGDP and that they were still trying to forge a \"consensus candidate\". He, however, indicated that the party would be willing to welcome Alemao into the party with a view to strengthen the regional force to take on the BJP candidate.Political sources said that though UGDP was harping on a consensus candidate, the party would have no choice but to field Alemao, in the absence of any \"third party\" candidate to ensure a straight fight against BJP candidate Alina Saldinha. Nelly Rodrigues who was the Goa Vikas Party (GVP) candidate in the March 3 polls, Caitano Xavier who had contested on the Congress ticket, and Ramakant Borkar who was fielded by UGDP, are learnt to be disinterested in entering the fray.GVP supremo Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco has already made known his inclination to field his partner and GVP president Viola Pacheco for the Cortalim byelection. \"Mickky is free to field the candidate of his choice,\" Gracias said, making it clear that the UGDP-GVP alliance was no longer valid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13073113", "title": "Snatching gang finally in cop net", "text": "KOLKATA: A 32-year-old man and two of his aides were arrested on Wednesday in connection with the series of snatchings in Patuli, Garpha and East Jadavpur areas. Police were on the lookout for the gang for the last three to four months. But since the gang had no previous criminal records, all attempts by the detective department to track him failed. Ten chains and two motorcyles were also seized from them.Dhruba Haldar, a resident of Haridevpur, was the kingpin of the snatching racket. Probe revealed that he is a Class-IX dropout and his family runs a shop. Haldar got married a few years ago after which his wife - a graduate - joined a call center.\"Haldar's wife earned more than him, who was practically income was more than Haldar's who was practically unemployed, barring the family shop. The difference, however, made Haldar desperate to earn. He ganged up with Subhash Singh and Soumitra Banerjee to make some easy money by snatching gold chains,\" said an investigator.Thirty-two-year-old Dhruba Haldar had no criminal antecedence. But the youth from Haridevpur in the city's southern fringes became a nightmare for veteran officers of the detective department. Haldar was the main person behind the series of snatchings in Patuli, Garpha and East Jadavpur areas for the past three-four months.Officers of the anti-snatching department were clueless about the snatchers and every attempt by them to detect the culprits turned futile. On Wednesday, cops finally managed to round up the dreaded racket of snatchers led by Dhruba and the probe revealed that the gang was involved in more than a dozen snatchings in the past few months.Police said Haldar is a class nine dropout and his family runs a shop which helps the family financially. A few years ago, Haldar got married. After the wedding, his wife - a graduate - joined a call center. \"His wife's income was more than Haldar's who was practically unemployed, barring the family shop. The difference, however, made Haldar desperate to earn. He ganged up with youths Subhash Singh and Soumitra Banerjee to make some easy money by snatching gold chains,\" said an investigator.Following arrest of the trio, cops also recovered 10 stolen chains and seized two motorcycles used in snatching operations. One of the motorcycles was owned by Dhruba, said a detective department officer. The investigators admitted that as the gang has no previous record it was difficult for them to detect them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13074644", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation imposes new charge for tall building's fire no objection certificate", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) is imposing a new charge for issuing no objection certificate (NOC) from the fire department on high rise buildings. The charge will apply for new buildings with a height of over 25 metres. The standing committee will discuss and is likely to approve it on May 11. It will then be sent to the general body.The funds raised through the new charge would go towards purchase and maintenance of specialized fire fighting equipment for high-rises. Chief fire officer AN Khan told TOI the charge would vary with area and height of building. \"It will be 1,076 per sq mt for buildings with a height from 25 to 30 metres with a cap of 25 lakh. In case of buildings between 30 and 45 metres, the charge will be 1,614 per sq mt with a cap of 75 lakh. Buildings between 45 and 60 metres would attract a charge of 3,228 per sq mt and a cap of 1.50 crore while buildings from 60 to 75 metres will be charged at 4,842 per sq mt with a cap of 2 crore,\" he said.This charge will be in addition to NOC fees being charged at a nominal rate of 15 to 25 a sq mt at present. Khan further said, NOC from Fire department was must before sanctioning of the building plan. \"Applications for construction of high rise buildings are on rise. The department is not having infrastructure to service these buildings. To create that infrastructure, a \"high rise fund\" has been created. The revenue from NOC charge will be deposited in this fund. Snorkels up to 55 metres high and other equipment will be procured with this fund to deal with emergencies in such buildings,\" he said.Municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal has approved the new levy. Accordingly, the department is collecting new charge from March 1. It already has collected 2.27 crore. The charge is applicable to all new buildings within and also outside city limit. The rates are same for residential, educational, institutional, assembly, business, and mercantile buildings.At present, highest building in the city is only 42 metres. However, construction of taller buildings has started. An under construction building at Godrej's Anandam township is tallest at 64 metres.The Standing committee will discuss five more proposals including issuing work order to highest bidder for installing electronic pollution and temperature indicators at 50 squares. Another proposal is for issuing work order to lowest bidder for construction of state-of-the-art fish market at Mangalwari Bazaar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13074300", "title": "Ashram adopts abandoned girl child", "text": "JAIPUR: An infant girl dumped at the doorstep of an ashram in Udaipur on Wednesday has once again brought to the fore the social evil of eliminating girl child while giving preference to boys.Such practices have led to the decline of child sex ratio in the state drastically. According to the provisional census 2011, the child sex ratio in the state has declined from 909 in 2001 to 883 in 2011, revealed in provisional census 2011.An official of the ashram said they took the child to the hospital on Wednesday where she was administered vaccines. Doctors after conducting a check-up, declared her fit.The girl was dumped at Mahesh Ashram, which is run by NGO Maa Bhagwati Vikas Sansthan. Founder director Yog Guru Devendra Agarwal said, \"We saw the girl was lying in the cradle, which we have placed outside our ashram.\"There was nothing new for the ashram officials in finding the girl child as they are bringing up 17 such infants, all girls, who were dumped or abandoned by their parents. The existence of such an ashram is a pointer that girls are not wanted by people in certain sections of society. They are being killed as fetus or after their birth. \"We have opened the ashram only for the sole purpose of brining up abandoned girl child. In 2005, police found four bodies of infants in a lake. They were all girls. They could have been saved if there was an ashram for such girls. I opened the ashram for such unwanted girls with a slogan -- don't throw, give them to us,\" Agarwal said.\"The girl was wrapped in a paper and looked like she was given birth just half an hour ago. It was a difficult task to remove the paper as it stuck to her skin,\" Agarwal said.The ashram officials said they have all the facilities for such infants and keep them healthy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13075107", "title": "Demand for tribal President grows", "text": "NEW DELHI: Tribal groups are drumming up support for a Scheduled Tribe candidate as the next president of India, but they are yet to agree on a name. Earlier, former Speaker and NCP leader P A Sangma had pitched for a tribal candidate for the president's post.The Indian Confederation of Indigenous and Tribal Peoples (ICITP), which represents 310 tribal organizations, proposed the name of Meghalaya governor R S Mooshahary as President Pratibha Patil's successor. Mooshahary, a retired IPS officer, was director-general of the elite NSG and BSF.An ICITP delegation met Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi on Tuesday and proposed Mooshahary as the presidential candidate. \"Rahul Gandhi promised to seriously discuss our proposal,\" said Jebra Ram Muchahary, ICITP chief advisor.There are 53 tribal MPs in Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha.\"Tribals comprise about 8% of the country's population. There have been presidents from Scheduled Caste and religious minority groups but not a tribal yet,\" said Muchahary.The Tribal Forum of India, comprising tribal leaders of various political parties, met on Wednesday with a similar objective. Sangma is a member of the Forum which has written to all MPs and political parties seeking support for a tribal candidate as the 13th president of India.Former Union minister and Congress leader Arvind Netam, head of the Forum, said he had spoken to Scheduled Caste MPs. \"They have promised to support our bid for a tribal president,\" he said.He also met BJP leaders Sushma Swaraj and Arun Jaitley as well as Mulayam Singh Yadav, Lalu Prasad and Nitish Kumar. Congress chief Sonia Gandhi and finance minister Pranab Mukherjee are yet to grant an audience to the Forum.\"If political parties agree to a tribal president, we will present a panel of names,\" he said. Sangma is one of the probable names on the panel, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13074388", "title": "They kept saying, 'kill them...'", "text": "NAGPUR: \"I first thought only my nephews Hasan and Supra had died but later saw my son-in-law (Punjab Shinde's) body too. We appealed to the people beating us to take us to the police station and check whether there was any record but they kept saying 'kill these miscreants',\" said a seriously injured Punjabrao Solanki, who is also the complainant in the lynching case.While Solanki sat shivering with fear in a damaged police van with a solitary policeman between him and death, angry mob outside lynched his nephews before his eyes and son-in-law a little distance away. \"We generally go to Mumbai, Pune and such places for alms. This was the first time we came to Nagpur,\" he said. Solanki added that a handful of his community, along with his wife Meera, had come to Pipla phata from his village in Buldhana a few days back.Four of them, not aware of any rumours of criminals targeting women, had alighted from a ST bus in the morning and took an autorickshaw from the bus stop. \"We requested the driver to take us to a place where there are slums and he brought us to Kalamna for a fare of Rs 100,\" said Solanki, his face swollen and head bandaged.\"Suddenly, some inebriated youths rushed towards us. They started calling us thieves. We asked them to call the police and have us verified. We would have tried to run if we were guilty but we stood there to explain and we faced the consequences,\" he said. He has four daughters, one of them married to deceased Shinde, and two sons. Deceased Hasan Solanki had three sons and a daughter. Shinde had two sons while Supra Nagnath had no children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "barnala", "code": "13073665", "title": "Ajoka plans 4-day theatre festival as tribute to Saadat Hassan Manto", "text": "BARNALA: Story teller par excellence, Saadat Hassan Manto is being remembered very fondly in Pakistan. Though born at Samrala near Ludhiana in Indian Punjab, Manto is much acclaimed in Pakistan Punjab.Literary circles in Pakistan are paying tributes to the literary figure on his birth centenary by organizing many programmes in memory of Manto. Famous for his story Toba Tek Singh, Manto in his short life of 43 years wrote 22 collections of short stories and novels.Lahore-based Ajoka theatre group is organizing plays devoted to Manto in collaboration with Lahore Arts Council from May 14 to 17, themed as \"Tribute to Manto.\" Another Lahore-based theatre group Punjab Lok Rahs is also organizing plays on the life of Manto, sources said.During the 4-day festival, drama and theatre performances of Manto's works like Siyah Hashiye, Toba Tek Singh, Khol Do, Akhri Salute, Naya Qanoon, Sawerey Jo Kal, Ankh meri khuli, Pardey ki baaten, Dekh Kabira roya and Uncle Sam ke khatoot would be staged at Alhamra hall. The plays are adapted by Shahid Nadeem and directed by eminent theatre personality Madeeha Gauhar.Punjab Lok Rahs activist Shafiq Butt told The Times of India over phone from Sahiwal in Pakistan Punjab, \"As Manto is a big name in Pakistan, literary circles are paying rich tributes to Manto on his birth centenary in mid May\". While Ajoka theatre group is paying tributes by organizing a 4-day theatre festival in memory of Manto, organizations like Punjab Lok Rahs and Punjab Lok Sujag are also preparing to pay tributes in their own style, he added.Shafiq said that some organizations have started pages devoted to Manto on social networking sites like Facebook in an effort to make people aware about Manto's life and works with a view to enrich the literature.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13077538", "title": "A film that changed three lives", "text": "At the outset, the film Kalicharan did not appear to have what it takes to be a blockbuster. Subhash Ghai, after several failed attempts at being an actor, was making his directorial debut. Shatrughan Sinha , an actor known for his villainous roles was making his first mark as a hero.The leading lady, Reena Roy , with just two hits to her name thus far, had finally landed a plum role. Yet, the 1975 film Kalicharan went on to become a blockbuster. Reena and Shatrughan suddenly became the most sought after lead jodi. And Subhash Ghai became the showman.Captured by ace lensman Jagdish Aurangabadkar, this picture, on the sets of the film produced by Nari Sippy, shows the young Ghai (on the left wearing sunglasses, and totally unrecognisable) explaining a romantic scene to his lead actors Shatrughan and Reena. Perhaps it was in the explaining or just the actors' reported off screen chemistry that landed the two in each others' arms even before the director could say 'action'.The film Kalicharansparked off reports of a blossoming romance between Shatrughan and Reena Roy. The torrid affair between the much-married actor and his Kalicharan co-tar was one of the most talked about romances in the 1970s.The romance soon died out with Reena tying the knot with Pakistani cricketer Mohsin Khan . But the love saga got etched into the history of Hindi cinema industry.Like the lead jodi's love story, the film Kalicharanalso kickstarted the filmmaking career of Subhash Ghai. The young man had come to Bombay to become an actor. But after a series of failed attempts tried his hands at filmmaking. With his rather special appearances in his directorial ventures, he satisfied his acting bug and soon came to be known as the showman of Bollywood. Kalicharan, the film was not just about the undercover cop, it was about the three main people, whose lives changed forever after this.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13075394", "title": "Sweeper convicted for killing doctor", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A trial court here on Wednesday convicted the lone accused in the sensational murder of city-based doctor Brahmananda Panda (60) in 2010. Fast track court-III of Bibekananda Das awarded life imprisonment to Harendra Naik alias Hari, ex-sweeper of Dr Panda, for executing the brutal killing on July 27.Naik had hacked Dr Panda to death as the latter fired him from service over his illicit relationship with a woman, who worked as cook at Dr Panda's residence-cum-nursing home in Kharavel Nagar area, said public prosecutor Bidhubhusan Mohanty said. Altogether 25 witnesses were examined during the trial. \"Naik harboured a grudge against Dr Panda for sacking him nearly three months before the murder,\" a police officer said.On the fateful night, the accused reportedly drunk was waiting inside Panda's house. When Panda returned home, Hari allegedly pounced upon him and hacked him five to six times.Dr Panda had been practising in the city for the last three decades. He had started a small clinic at Kalpana Square in the early 80s and then shifted to his own four-storey building in 1992.Meanwhile, the defence counsel said he would challenge the verdict in upper court. \"The case had many loose ends, but we lost. The prosecution had failed to substantiate that the weapon seized by police was used in the offence. There was no blood stain or fingerprint of the accused on the weapon,\" defence lawyer S P Rout said.\"The woman in question, with whom the accused developed relationship, was surprisingly not brought to court for examination,\" Rout said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13073490", "title": "Staff crunch drives headmaster to wield broom", "text": "KOLKATA: Imagine the headmaster, a figure we usually address with reverence, of a school having to perform the duties of the group-D staff and sounding assigned to ring the gong that marks the end of a period. At times, he also has to pick up a broom to sweep the floors clean. No, we aren't talking about a school in a remote district of the state. Welcome to the government-aided Adarsh Hindi High School on Mominpur Road. This government-aided higher secondary school has 1,450 students.\"The darwan (gatekeeper) retired from service more than 20 years ago. We haven't got a replacement since. There are four approved posts for Group-D staff. Three of these are vacant for several years now. We have only one Group-D employee at presentwho is responsible for many things. He has to carry documents to government offices and perform other odd jobs. When he gets the time, he rings the gong. Otherwise, I do it. Teachers are shy of performing this job and I don't want to involve students. We also have a sweeper who is a casual worker. When he doesn't turn up, I am forced to take up the broom with students. Some teachers also participate.I tell the students that this is Shram Daan. Sometimes, I ask get the midday meal staff to help out in the cleaning. After all, I can't force the teachers or students,\" said headmaster Capt Dr B B Singh.According to him, imposition of the Right to Education (RTE) Act has created several problems for the school. \"We are passing through severe constraints. Earlier, we used to collect donations from the parents of children who could afford to pay. We used these funds to hire casual staff to do odd jobs. Now, that source has dried up and we have no funds and have to manage with the approved staff. But then, even the posts of approved staff are lying vacant,\" Singh said.Apart from the four Group-D staff, there are 27 approved posts for teachers in the school. At present, there are school has only 15 teachers to attend to 1,450 students, including the headmaster. Singh admits that classes are suffering due to the vacancies.\"Earlier, teachers and other staff would be recruited by the managing committee of the school. Now, everything has to be done through the School Service Commission (SSC). The district inspector of schools, Kolkata, has cleared the posts of eight more teachers but we aren't sure when they will arrive. As for Group-D posts, we have to wait for files to be moved and another selection process to end. Its anybody's guess when this will happen,\" Singh added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13072155", "title": "Nupur writing a book on the \u2018truth\u2019 behind the murders", "text": "NEW DELHI: Lodged in Dasna Jail, Nupur Talwar is now writing a book on the Aarushi-Hemraj double murder. Sources said the doctor devotes all her time to this endeavour and has even come up with a title for her book -Mystery behind Aarushi's death: Story of an unfortunate mother.Jail officials said she had approached the jail authorities requesting for stationery and regarding the publication of the book. However, jail authorities have asked her to get permission from the court in this regard.\"Nupur Talwar is busy writing her book most of the time. It is called Mystery behind Aarushi's Death: Story of an unfortunate mother. She told us that she wants to get it published. We told (her) that if the honourable court allows you, we will consider it,\" said Dasna Jail superintendent Viresh Raj Sharma. \"Right now, her entire focus is on this book. She wants to bring the truth in front of everyone (as she claims),\" he added.Apart from writing, Nupur Talwar spends her time practising yoga and teaching the woman inmates in her barrack number 13, said a jail source.Nupur Talwar was lodged in Dasna Jail on April 30 after the sessions judge Shyam Lal rejected her bail application saying that there was prima facie evidence against her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "13073635", "title": "Sindri draft revival scheme delay raises queries", "text": "SINDRI: Is the Union government serious for reviving the closed Sindri fertilizer factory or are the people being taken for a ride in the name of reviving it? Inordinate delay in finalizing the draft revival scheme (DRS) for this first public sector fertilizer plant of independent India is giving rise to such questions.Failure of the fertilizer ministry in submitting a fully tied-up revival proposal before the Board of Industrial and Financial Restructuring (BIFR) in time has made it clear that the revival proposal would continue hanging in balance for some time more.State Bank of India (SBI), which has been appointed operating agency for preparing the revival proposal in consultation with experts by the BIFR, submitted the DRS before the board on March 29. The BIFR bench, hearing the case related to revival of the closed fertilizer units, however, found some important annexure missing from the document and directed the operating agency to submit the same within 10 days. The board also announced to make the DRS public by publishing it in prominent dailies for inviting public opinion on the DRS within 60 days and fixed July 5 as next date of hearing.However, the same has not been publicized till date. This clearly means that BIFR will not be in a position to give any final verdict on revival of the factory on the next date of hearing. According to reports, the operating agency and the experts are yet to give the DRS a final shape and are still working on some technical aspects to be appended as annexure.It can be mentioned here that the cabinet committee on economic affairs (CCEA) which approved transferring the assets of the closed Sindri factory to SAIL for reviving it, has also directed the steel major to complete all the formalities within six months failing which the case of revival of the Sindri factory would also be thrown open for open biding like other closed fertilizer units. Although the fertilizer ministry, in reply to a RTI quarry, has clarified that the ministry has sought time extension from the cabinet, it has still not been granted.\"It seems the finalization of the revival scheme is being deliberately delayed under a sinister design to hand over the factory assets to private players instead of public sector like SAIL,\" alleged Ashok Prasad, former secretary of Bharatiya Mazdoor Sangh (BMS)-affiliated factory union and demanded the Centre to clarify its position without further delay.\"Not only people in Sindri, waiting eagerly for revival of the factory, have started losing confidence, the inordinate delay was causing huge loss to the nation as assets worth crores are getting stolen from the unprotected factory premises on a daily basis,\" said Deepak Kumar, secretary of the Sindri chamber of commerce and demanded the government to clear the proposal at the earliest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13078627", "title": "NRHM scam: CBI arrests senior IAS officer Pradeep Shukla", "text": "LUCKNOW: The CBI on Thursday arrested senior IAS officer Pradeep Shukla in connection with the multi-crore National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) scam. The CBI took him into custody from Lucknow Airport while he was leaving for Delhi.The arrest came after the CBI was pulled up by Allahabad high court for not touching big names in the FIR lodged in connection with the NRHM scam.Shukla will be taken to Delhi for further interrogation. He is the 15th accused to be arrested by the CBI so far. The 14 other accused arrested are contractors or lower rung officers. The only big fish nabbed is former family welfare minister Babu Singh Kushwaha but no chargesheet has been filed against him by the CBI.Shukla, a 1981 batch officer who also topped the civil services examinations, was principal secretary health and family welfare and mission director of NRHM between 2009-11 when the scam took place. After the scam came into light, he was shifted to the revenue board.The CBI had in January filed three FIRs against Shukla in connection with financial irregularities in the implementation of NRHM. Earlier, the CBI had summoned him for interrogation several times.Shukla, a powerful bureaucrat during the Mayawati government, is politically well connected. He has connections in the central as well as state governments. His wife is also an IAS officer and comes from a politically influential family.The Rs 5700 crore NRHM scam came to light after the murder of two chief medical officers (CMO) in Lucknow. Later, four others were killed including deputy CMO Dr YS Sachan, UP Jal Nigam project engineer Sunil Kumar Verma and a junior clerk at a community health centre Mahendra Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13073968", "title": "Man's headless body found on railway tracks", "text": "KANPUR: Headless body of a 35-year-old man was found on the railway tracks near Pulses Research institute under the Kalyanpur police station here on Wednesday. The police could not identify the victim till the time of filing this report. Police have also not found anything that could provide any lead into the investigation.However, police sources alleged foul play and suspected that the man was murdered elsewhere and his headless body dumped at the aforesaid spot to misguide the investigators.According to the police, man's body was found near the railway tracks in the morning hours. Some labourers had spotted the headless body. The police later launched a hunt to trace the head, but failed to recover it.The police, however, ruled out the incident as that of suicide.An investigator said that if the man jumped before a moving train, his head would have been with the body. \"If the head got severed by the train, we would have got it lying close to the railway tracks,\" he said.The police have sent the body for post-mortem examination.Elsewhere, a middle-aged man allegedly committed suicide by throwing himself before a moving train at Murray Company bridge on Wednesday.The deceased has not been identified yet. The incident took place in the morning hours.The incident came to light when a passerby found the body near the railway track and informed the police. The police sent the body to morgue.Man held with fake 'ashtadhatu' statueThe police arrested a man, identified as Satendra Singh of Bhannanapurwa locality, and recovered a fake 'ashtadhatu' idol of Lord Mahavir from his possession here on Wednesday.According to reports, the accused was trying to the fake idol, weighing about 3.4 kg, to local jewellers. On a tip-off provided by a jeweller, the Raipurwa police laid a trap near Acharyanagar locality and managed to arrest the accused and recovered the fake idol of bronze, which he was claiming to be of 'ashtadhatu'. The police registered an FIR against the accused and sent him to jail.The police arrested one Zubair of Gammu Khan Ka Hata from near Jamania road near Barfkhana crossing in Colonelganj police area on charges of possessing an illegal firearm of 315 bore and several live catridges. Elsewhere, the police arrested Pramod Kumar Tewari of Banda district and recovered an illegal firearm of 315 bore and 10 live catridges of the same bore from his possession. The police later sent him to jail. The police also recovered a two-wheeler from his possession.The Raipurwa police arrested two persons, identified as Rajkumar Rawat and Sallu Pandit of Raebareli, and recovered a stolen two-wheeler from their possession. They were later sent to jail.Man held on charges of molesting minor girlThe police have arrested a molester in connection with a case in which a six-year-old girl was abducted from outside her hutment near Shyamnagar under Chakeri police station and molested on Saturday last.It might be recalled that the girl had gone to purchase eggs on late Saturday evening when an unidentified man had kidnapped her. Medical examination has confirmed that the girl was molested. A police team has been formed to track down the accused. The suspect, identified as Vikas, a resident of the same area was detained and paraded before the victim. The girl identified him to be the same person, who had sexually exploited her on late Saturday evening.SHO, Rail Bazar, Akhilesh Yadav, said a case of abduction and molestation has been registered. \"We have arrested the accused, Vikas, who has been sent to jail after producing him before court. Soon, we will take him on remand and question him further in this regard,\" Yadav said.Man gets 7-year rigorous imprisonmentAdditional district and sessions judge (Vth), Kanpur Nagar, Neerja Singh on Wednesday convicted one Deepak of Maholi village under Maharajpur police station on rape charges and punished him with seven years rigorous imprisonment along with a fine of Rs 2,000.According to additional government counsel Tejveer Singh, the complainant, a resident of Maholi, had lodged a report that Deepak Kumar, a fellow villager, had physically exploited her 10-year-old daughter when she was watching her grazing goats.The presiding judge observed in her order that the accused had committed heinous offence hence he was liable to be punished gravely.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13072436", "title": "NMC standing committee meeting postponed again", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) standing committee's meeting has been postponed once again after the officiating municipal commissioner remained conspicuous by his absence for yet another meeting. This time, it has been postponed indefinitely.The first meeting of the NMC's newly constituted standing committee that was to be held on Tuesday was postponed to Wednesday since the officiating municipal commissioner and district collector, P Velrasu, was not present for the meeting. Velrasu had given a letter to the deputy municipal commissioner, Deepak Kasar, expressing his inability to attend the meeting as he was scrutinizing the nominations of the candidates for the legislative assembly elections. The corporators demanded the meeting be postponed till Velrasu was free. The standing committee chairman, Uddhav Nimse, said the meeting would be postponed till Wednesday.On Wednesday, Velrasu remained absent. The irked corporators stood firm on their demand that the meeting only be held in presence of the municipal commissioner or else a permanent one be appointed.Prakash Londhe (RPI) said that important issues related to the city had to be discussed with the municipal commissioner and that the meeting should be postponed till he was available. Deputy municipal commissioner R M Bahiram said the officiating municipal commissioner was also the district collector and he has election duties to perform for the forthcoming legislative council elections. Nimse said members will be discussing any new work but basic issues of the mosquito menace, water hyacinth and monsoon precautions need to be discussed. \"Are you in a position to make decisions or are you here only for discussion,\" he asked Bahiram.Londhe said, \"We are all voters. We know about the code of conduct. If you have the right to take the decision, then we will discuss or else postpone till he (Velrasu) is available.\"Ashok Murtadak (MNS) said that on Tuesday, Kasar represented the administration, on Wednesday it was Bahiram and the next time, another deputy commissioner (Haribhau Phadol) would be asked to do so. \"The commissioner should realize his responsibility,\" he said.Ajay Boraste (Shiv Sena) said, \"The municipal commissioner is officiating and he is 'officiating' deputy commissioners in his place. If he is interested in working, he is welcome or else ask him to say it clearly,\" said Boraste.Independent candidate Damodar Mankar said the chief minister should be met immediately and a permanent municipal commissioner be asked for.New corporators also voiced their opinions on Wednesday. Dr Vishal Gholap (MNS) said that the municipal commissioner had offended the standing committeeonce again. \"We wanted to discuss ongoing developmental works and city problems. If he cannot take responsibility, then let him say so,\" he said. Young corporator Vikrant Mate (NCP) said, \"Youth like us got an opportunity and we had come with great hope. From the past three months, we are trying to meet officials but most of the time, they are not available. We do not even know most of them. We wanted to ask where we can meet them.\" Gulzar Kokni (MNS) said that if the commissioner cannot even solve simple issues, then what is the point in having him.Balasaheb Sanap (BJP) suggested that all the corporators meet Velrasu.Nimse said, \"Taking into consideration the feelings of the corporators, the meeting is postponed.\"Prakash Londhe (RPI) said that important issues related to the city had to be discussed with the municipal commissioner and that it should be postponed till he was available. Deputy municipal commissioner RM Bahiram, who represented the administration said that the officiating municipal commissioner was also the district collector and that on the backdrop of the forthcoming legislative council election, he has election duties to perform. \"The code of conduct is also being implemented now,\" he said. Nimse said that the members will not be discussing any new work but basic issues of mosquito menace, health of the citizens, supervision and quality of ongoing works, etc have to be discussed. \"Are you in a position to give decisions or are you here only for discussion?\" he asked Bahiram.Londhe said, \"We are all voters. We know about the code of conduct. Mosquito menace, garbage vans the contract of which will soon come to an end, water hyacinth, monsoon precautions need to be discussed. If you have the right to take the decision then we will discuss or else postpone till he is available.\"Ashok Murtadak (MNS) said that he pitied the administration. He said that on Tuesday Kasar represented the administration in place of the municipal commissioner, on Wendesday it was Bahiram and that next time another deputy commissioner (Haribhau Phadol) would be asked to do so. \"The commissioner should realise his responsibility,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13072742", "title": "Leading Gujarat brands go global to thwart clones in US", "text": "AHMEDABAD:A few months ago, Vijay Gupta, owner of Amdavadi food chain 'Honest', was shocked to learn that somebody opened a bhaaji-paav shop in Houston by the same name. A popular local brand, the namesake stall was an instant hit with Gujaratis settled in the US.Since Honest did not have a copyright for US markets, Gupta had to reconcile for an out-of-court settlement. \"But we realized the need for trademark registration in the US. Today, we have registered the trademark in seven other countries besides the US. While big companies spend millions over patents, a growing breed of small, local players has started getting trademarks registered across the world. Reason: a big Gujarati diaspora in every corner of the globe is prompting many fly-by-the-night namesakes to cash in on the popularity of the brands.Jade Blue, a local retail player, too had to take legal recourse to prevent an Atlanta-based Gujarati using the same name for his boutique. \"Because the businessman had opened a store in the US by the same name, we faced problems when we applied for a trademark. However, we sorted out the matter out of court. We have now got our brand trademarked in the US. I have also got Jade Blue patented in several European countries,\" said Jitendra Chauhan of Jade Blue.City-based lawyers say the threat to smaller but popular brands in Gujarati-dominated pockets in the US and Europe has grown.\"I receive a number of similar cases every month. While cases from pharmaceutical and engineering companies were common, recently food brands are stores are finding themselves involved in patent row,\" said Jatin Trivedi, patents and trademark attorney, who helped the Chauhan brothers win the brand war in the US.\"There in increasing awareness about the need for trademark in Gujarat. But with shrinking global boundaries one can't protect a brand without going for international trade marking,\" Trivedi added.The Ahmedabad office of Indian Patent Design &amp; Trademarks Offices too has seen an increase in number of applications. \"In 2009-10 we received 14,231 applications which increased to 18,538 last year,\" said SB Palo, assistant registrar of trademarks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13077449", "title": "Nokia to offer paid content to Airtel, Vodafone users", "text": "MUMBAI: Nokia India announced partnerships with Bharti Airtel and Vodafone to offer solutions from Nokia Store to customers of these two telecom operators.\"This will enable purchase of Nokia Store applications through an operator billing process. This would also offer significant monetisation opportunities to developers and galvanise local content development,\" Vodafone India's chief commercial officer Sanjoy Mukerji said.Vodafone and Airtel consumers can now download local and global paid content on Nokia's mobile application store and pay through monthly mobile phone bills, or from the pre-paid balance.\"This partnership will strengthen our efforts to increase usage of mobile internet services,\" Bharti Airtel's chief marketing officer N Rajaram said.Nokia also announced the availability of 'in-application' billing solutions, which allow consumers to purchase digital content directly from within the application's interface.\"We believe our partnership with Vodafone and Airtel will provide more and more consumers easy access to paid content on the Nokia Store. This is also a significant step for our developer partners,\" Nokia India marketing director Viral Oza said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13074883", "title": "Opposition faults civic administration", "text": "PUNE: The opposition parties in the Pune Municipal Corporation are in a flap about the civic administration's failure to comply with the state urban development department's (UDD) order to make footpaths in the city walkable by Wednesday. They have planned to raise the issue in the general body meeting later this month.The ruling Nationalist Congress Party's (NCP) spokesperson Ankush Kakade blamed the civic administration for not clearing the footpaths. \"The civic administration should announce the efforts taken to clear the footpaths. There was no political opposition to remove the encroachments. If footpaths in the city remain encroached upon and are unfit to walk, it is the civic administration's fault,\" Kakade told TOI on Wednesday.Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) corporator and leader of the opposition in the PMC Vasant More told TOI that he will raise the footpath encroachment issue in the GB meeting. \"The civic administration is lethargic and the ruling NCP-Congress combine has no control over it. The state UDD's order was not followed by the PMC. We will seek answers from both,\" he said.BJP city unit chief Vikas Mathkari told TOI, \"The BJP will take this issue to its logical conclusion. We will question the administration and the ruling parties in the GB meeting. The administration and the ruling party will have to offer solutions to avoid encroachment of footpaths. The PMC itself has created hurdles for pedestrians by dumping rubble, placing conduits and other building material. They should have cleaned their mess first.\"Senior BJP leader Anil Shirole put the onus of footpath encroachments on both the administration and political parties. \"The UDD order to clear footpaths was not taken seriously by the civic administration. It shows lack of seriousness about any civic issue. As a result, the city's infrastructure is in a mess. The administration does not respect pedestrians' right to walk. Political parties must speak as one on clearing footpaths,\" he said. Shirole added that the PMC should carry out a daily anti-encroachment drive to vacate footpaths and avoid repeated encroachments.Some action to remove encroachments on footpaths was seen last week, Congress city unit president Abhay Chhajed said. \"I am not sure if all footpaths in the city have been cleared. But there are some genuine problems in clearing them which need sorting out,\" he added.Shiv Sena leader Sham Deshpande said, \"If the PMC is not ready to comply with the UDD order, it only shows the apathy in the administration. Elected representatives should take the responsibility of keeping footpaths hurdle-free.\"Long before the UDD directed the civic body to clear footpaths and make them walkable, the Comprehensive Mobility Plan (CMP) for the city drew attention to the problem and suggested pedestrian-friendly ways.\"Pedestrians are forced to walk on the carriageway which is not safe. Road surfaces have deteriorated by spillage of water and garbage by fruit, vegetable vendors and from food stalls. On some roads, illegal squatters and slums have come up on the pavements. From the road inventory it is observed that about 50% of roads do not have footpaths on both sides,\" the CMP states.Despite this telling picture, the plan has been put in the cold storage since 2008 as the civic body and politicians have not acted on the CMP's suggestions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13078045", "title": "Panithuli is a stylish flick", "text": "Ganesh Venkatram of Abhiyum Nanum and Unnaipol Oruvan fame is geared up for the release of his next Panithuli.Interestingly it is his maiden attempt as solo hero. Directed by Natty Kumar, the movie is a romantic action thriller and was shot entirely in USA .Ganesh says, 'it is a entertaining script and I enjoyed being part of it. All credit should go to my director. Shobana and Kalpana are my heroines.'It is a fascinating story that begins in USA and ends in Chennai. I did some daring stunt sequences and hope audience will apreciate it, he saysSource: haihoi.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13076592", "title": "Statistical highlights of Mumbai Indians-Royal Challengers Bangalore IPL match", "text": "MUMBAI: Statistical highlights of the Indian Premier League match between Mumbai Indians and Royal Challengers Bangalore on Wednesday:# Dinesh Karthik (44 off 39 balls) registered his highest score in the present edition of the IPL.# Gayle (82 not out off 59 balls) became the first batsman to register six fifties in the IPL 2012.# Gayle took his runs' tally in the present competition to 515 at an average of 57.22 in 11 matches. He is the first to manage 500 runs.# Gayle's overall record in the IPL is superb, aggregating 1586 at an average of 48.06 in 39 games, including two hundreds and eleven fifties.# Gayle is the third batsman to total 500 runs or more in an IPL season twice, joining Sachin Tendulkar and Shaun Marsh. His best season being - 608 runs at an average of 67.55 in 12 matches in 2011.# Gayle holds a record having collected most MOM awards (19) in Twenty20, bettering Brad Hodge's tally of 18 awards.# Gayle has received ten Man of the Match awards in the IPL - a tally exceeded only by Yusuf Pathan (11).# Gayle is the top run-getter in the present tournament, overtaking Virender Sehwag's aggregate of 468 (ave.46.80) in 11 games.# Gayle has recorded 37 sixes in the present tournament, extending his own tally.# Sehwag, Gayle and Abraham de Villiers have been adjudged the Man of the Match three times each in the IPL 2012.# Sachin Tendulkar's IPL aggregate of 1949 at an average of 38.98 in 59 matches is bettered only by Suresh Raina - 2078 (ave.34.06) in 74 games.# Rohit Sharma has recorded his second duck in the present competition - his fifth in the IPL.# Muttiah Muralitharan and Vinay Kumar have bagged ten wickets each for Royal Challengers Bangalore in the IPL 2012.# Harshal Patel (2/24) has produced his best bowling feat for Bangalore in the IPL 5.# Harbhajan Singh has taken only five wickets at an average of 53.80 in 12 matches in the present IPL edition.# Royal Challengers Bangalore's current tally is 13 points and are placed fourth in the IPL 5, behind Kolkata (17), Delhi (16) and Mumbai (14).# Royal Challengers Bangalore have recorded the biggest win so far in the IPL 5 - the first team to register a nine-wicket win.# With their magnificent nine-wicket victory, Bangalore have equalled their biggest victory against Mumbai Indians in the IPL. They had defeated Mumbai by nine wickets at New Wanderers Stadium, Johannesburg on May 3, 2009.# Bangalore's biggest win in the IPL is by ten wickets against Rajasthan Royals at Bangalore on March 18, 2010.# Mumbai Indians and Royal Challengers Bangalore have won five matches each against each other in the IPL out of ten contested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13072738", "title": "Women hesitant to seek cure for boozing", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Organizations helping people to recover from alcoholism in the state are finding it tough to trace the addiction among women in the state and help them.According to Alcoholics Anonymous (AA), a global voluntary group working in this area, they get at least 4-5 calls a day from women seeking help to quit drinking.Unofficial data with AA say that out of the 20 lakh alcoholics in the state, 2 lakh are women. At least 4% of the women among this need immediate attention.C K Gopal, a regional trustee of AA, said the de-addiction centres are rejecting women as they don't have separate facilities to treat them. \"Even though women are well-educated, they still do not know that alcohol addiction is a chronically progressing disorder,\" he said.Currently, two women - one from Olavanna and the other from Wayanad - are being treated by AA. The trustee said the addiction is high among women working in IT sector and entertainment industry and those staying in hostels.To help such women, 100 AA women members from Austria will tour the country in January 2013. A section of them will visit Kerala to help such women seek treatment.\"We need a separate approach to identify and treat the women addicted to alcohol,\" said P N Suresh Kumar, professor of psychiatry, KMCT medical college.He said that women are not willing to come in open and seek treatment. \"The issue comes to light when they approach doctors with health issues or for treatment for depression. By the time they might have lost all the family support. Rehabilitation of such cases is difficult as they don't have a support mechanism in the state,\" said Suresh.He said if women don't get timely medical intervention, it might lead to depression and suicide. In most cases such women are prone to hypertension, coronary diseases and alcoholism also takes a toll on the reproductive health. \"Children born to alcoholic women suffer from the fetal alcoholic syndrome (FAS),\" said Suresh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13074509", "title": "Decide Italian naval guards' plea for stay outside prison, Supreme Court tells Kerala", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Wednesday asked the Kerala director general of police and Kochi prison authorities to decide within a week the plea of two Italian naval guards accused of killing two fishermen on February 15 to be lodged in judicial custody outside the jail premises.Appearing for the Italian government, senior advocate Harish Salve said though Italy had challenged Kerala Police's jurisdiction to inquire into the February 15 incident and arrest Latorre Massimillano and Salvatore Girone, it would request the court to lodge them in judicial custody in a place outside Kochi jail.Kerala government's counsel, senior advocate Gopal Subramaniam, said the state was inquiring into the murder case lawfully and it had extended maximum benefits to the two naval guards in jail by providing them a separate cell and other facilities. Additional solicitor general Indira Jaising said the Centre supported the Kerala government's action as law and order was a state subject.However, a bench of Justices Altamas Kabir and SS Nijjar asked Kerala Police and jail authorities to decide the naval guards' plea for shifting them to a place outside the prison. The apex court clarified that pendency of Italy's writ petition would not come in the way of proceedings in the trial court.Subramaniam said investigations had reached the final stages and Kerala Police would file the chargesheet against the two naval guards within a week.Massimillano and Girone, who Italy claims are navy officers deputed on Italian merchant vessel Enrica Lexie to guard against pirates, are accused of shooting and killing two fishermen -- Ajesh Binki and Gelastine, who were sailing in a fishing boat St Anthony -- mistaking them to be pirates.Italy had claimed that the incident happened on the high seas, rendering it to be a dispute between Italy and India. It questioned Kerala's jurisdiction and sought its adjudication in an international forum in accordance with international law. The Union government said Indian Penal Code extended 200 nautical miles into the sea from Indian coast and hence the Kerala government was well within the law to proceed against the two naval guards who were accused of murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "13073097", "title": "Remove Srikakulam collector: TDP leader", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Former minister and senior TDP leader Bandaru Satyanarayana Murthy has demanded that the Election Commission remove Srikakulam district collector G Venkatrami Reddy from the election duties after he was chargesheeted by the CBI in the Jagan illegal assets case.He demanded that the government give permission to CBI to prosecute Venkatrami Reddy, who was former vice-chairman of Visakhapatnam Urban Development Authority (Vuda). He urged CBI to probe various land dealings of Vuda that were inked during the tenure of the IAS officer .Murthy, who had complained about the irregularities on allocation of 2,100 acres to Ramky Pharma City in Parawada near Visakhapatnam, alleged that late chief minister had issued a GO favouring the Ramky group by providing a buffer zone of 500 metres outside the Pharma City in violation of the Vuda master plan.The TDP leader alleged that land holdings of farmers were acquired for the buffer zone. \"Though the Chandrababu government had entered into an MoU with the developer, violations took place during YSR tenure as the developer Ayodhya Rami Reddy had pumped money by purchasing shares worth Rs 10 crore in Jagati Publications ,\" he pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "13073621", "title": "Ministry of home affairs asks for details on foreign donations to Gyuto Tantric monastery", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: The ministry of home affairs has sought details of the annual foreign donations received by the Dharamshala-based monastery of Ogyene Trinley Dorje, against whom the Himachal Pradesh police had recently dropped charges of financial irregularities.Kangra SP Diljeet Singh Thakur said the police department has been asked to intimate the monastery on foreign funding details following directions from the ministry of home affairs to the HP government. Himachal home department officials said the MHA move has come in the wake of the recovery of foreign currency worth over Rs 6 crore in a police raid last year, following which Ogyene was booked for allegedly violating the clauses of Foreign Contribution Regulation Act (FCRA).Officials said Buddhist monasteries in Himachal annually send details on total donations received through to MHA, but Gyuto Tantric monastery, where Ogyene resides, has not been part of this yearly exercise. Even though Gyuto Tantric monastery has been receiving foreign donations for almost a decade, but it is not yet registered under FCRA, which is mandatory. Foreign currency can only be deposited in a bank by a trust or other registered institution that has received government permission to do so, known as FCRA permission.In absence of FCRA registration, the monastery has not been sending the annual information of foreign donations to HP government, but kept on informing MHA informally, said an official of the monastery. Monastery spokesman Karma Chungyalapa said, \"This is for the first time we have received a letter from local administration and reports for donations during this financial year are in the process, which would be submitted in a day or two.\"He added that following last year's police raids hoardings have been placed all over the monastery requesting foreign devotees to offer donations in Indian currencies. Source said annual donations to the monastery are in crores, most of which come from the US, Europe and even China.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13074155", "title": "Environment ministry clears raising Maheswar dam\u2019s water level to 154m", "text": "NEW DELHI: The ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) has cleared raising the water level at Maheshwar dam in Madhya Pradesh to 154 meters, a decision that will not involve any submergence but will expedite process of power generation, the company executing the project has said.\"The decision will act as a catalyst for completion of remaining relief and rehabilitation works,\" Maheshwar Hydel Power Corporation said in a statement, adding the decision was long overdue and had been taken on basis of reports submitted by government agencies.The company denied a claim by the Narmada Bachao Andolan (NBA) that closure of the project gates last year led to submergence at the site and was aimed at blocking it. This had led to cost overruns, while the benefits of the project, in terms of power and water supply to Indore, were thwarted.NBA has criticized the order as \"illegal and illegitimate\" and said \"the MoEF order is based on false information given by the district collector, Khargone, and the state government that no lands and houses would be submerged if the reservoir is filled up to 154 meters.\"Contesting the NBA, the company said the pressure group owes an explanation to the people of MP for the numerous roadblocks put up against power projects, especially Maheshwar. The firm said it was committed to speedy rehabilitation that would get a fillip from the order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13078465", "title": "Mannu Sandhu wants to take up bold roles", "text": "At the age of 14, Mannu and her family moved from Chandigarh and settled in Vancouver, BC where she completed her highschool studies. Throughout high school Mannu was always actively involved within her school environment---helping to organize school events and various charities.After highschool she started to model on the side and continued to be an active participant in her community by helping out at all major election campaigns with the conservative party in the lower mainland. Upon graduating highschool, Mannu, worked as an executive assistant for Member of Parliament--Nina Grewal . This led to Mannu to pursue a career as a correctional officer. She moved to Victoria , BC to finish her training and later moved back to Vancouver where she started to work as a full time Correctional Officer.Mannu had always expressed a strong desire to get involved within the arts and through modeling was able to build a foundation and network with industry-related individuals. She was a finalist in the Miss B.C. pageant in 2009 and placed 1st Runner Up in the Miss Moella Canada Beauty Pageant in 2010. While working as a Correctional Officer, Mannu is often exposed to young men and women who were brought into the facility as a result of negative actions, such as drug and alcohol abuse, gang affiliation, weapon possession and assault. Feeling disappointed as to where the youth of her community was heading she often felt like there was something missing.She believed her life had a stronger purpose-and that is to change and motivate the lives of those around her and her community. And for her to change that was by giving back to her community. Mannu devotes her time to various charities and non-profit organizations such as: BC Childrens Hospital, Sikh Blood Donation; Pakistan Flood Relief, Salvation Army ,Operation Canada and Mannkind Charitable Society where she and her team members travel to Baru Sahib Himachal Pardes, India every year for their mission to help children born with facial deformities.She wants to change the way women in our community and around the world are mistreated and one of the ways to get this message across is through the media of film and television. She decided to train in film and television and continues pursue acting and modeling on the side. Mannu competed in Miss Universe Canada 2011 and placed top 16 on the panel. She also won Miss Universe Canada 2011 Humanitarian Award for raising the most funds for SOS Children's Village to build three computer centers in Nicaragua .She completed her first Canadian feature film \"Footsteps into Gangland\" directed by Mani Amar last spring. Footsteps Into Gangland is adaptation of true events that have shattered the South Asian community of Vancouver. Footsteps Into Gangland gives the audience and especially parents a true and unbiased look into a single day of the lives of these characters. The Character description of Mannu Sandhu( as May in the movie) has spent most of her life in the foster care system. Shifted from one home to another, Mya now 17, has only to wait until her 18th birthday before she can take control of her own life and escape the abuse she regularly faces from her foster father. For now, Mya uses partying and drugs to escape the torments of her emotions.Mannu just signed her second feature film in India with Vibgyor Productions called \"Saadi Wakhri Hai Shaan\" directed by Gurbir Grewal whos previous hit was Mannat. First part of the production took place in India and will be shooting the rest of the film in British Columbia in May.Aspiring actress Mannu Sandhu looks up to Vidya Balan and her willingness to take on bold roles in the Indian Cinema. She looks forward to working with Directors and Producers who are willing to give her a chance with roles that demands different characters and personalities. Working as a Correctional Officer in the Canadian Prison System has opened her eye to so many different personalities, characters and also their emotions. Majority of the population in the prison suffers from mental health issue and are often neglected by their families and thrown in jail.Learning their firsthand experience with the society and their families are sometimes heartbreaking. She feels those characters never get recognized or shown on screen to showcase the real problem and how public can deal with such personalities. Mannu is hoping to work with more Canadian and Hollywood based films which reveal such characters and also open to working with Indian Cinema.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13073358", "title": "Patna Municipal Corporation survey for higherholding tax collection", "text": "PATNA: Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) has commissioned a survey for the first time in Patna to identify the residential complexes which are illegally being used for commercial purposes. The survey is being conducted by a Gurgaon-based company, Infotech Limited, on the basis of which the municipal corporation will realize holding tax as applicable to commercial complexes from the residential complexes concerned.The project, 'Implementation of geographical information system' has been divided into three phases. The first phase of the survey started with satellite mapping of the structures. A new map was made according to the satellite mapping within the area of 109.218 sq km of PMC. This phase will be followed by a door-to-door visit by the personnel of Infotech Limited and PMC.\"There are several residential complexes being used for commercial purposes but paying holding tax as applicable to residential ones. About 2.25 lakh structures have been mapped which will be surveyed by the personnel concerned for verification,\" said PMC commissioner Pankaj Kumar Pal.He added that PMC is losing a handsome amount every year as holding tax on this count. It looks forward to collecting a higher amount once the survey is over. The survey is being funded by the JNNURM.Amit Sharma, head of the Infotech's Patna office, said, \"We visit the mapped structures to check their physical existence. Our officials are measuring the actual structures to find if they tally with the PMC records.\"Infotech took up the survey of ward number 21 as a pilot project. Sharma said, \"We have completed our survey in areas like Boring Road and SK Puri. Now, PMC officials will check the sample and decide on the revised holding tax.\" The company officials found that many owners of residential complexes were running coaching classes, hostels and even beauty parlours. However, they were paying holding tax for residential complexes.Pal added that a notification regarding the surprise visit of tax collecting officers was published for the information of holding tax payers. It might take six months to complete the survey. \"We expect the citizens to come up voluntarily about the change of their tax slab. We are determined to collect the correct holding tax,\" said Pal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "basant avenue", "code": "13073255", "title": "No escaping bumpy ride in Basant Avenue", "text": "BASANT AVENUE: Even before Basant Avenue residents could enjoy the thought of a smoother ride in the locality, the authorities have dealt a rude jerk to their rising hopes. After doing patchwork on select stretches, the authorities have stopped work. Residents have been crying foul over the apathetic attitude of Greater Ludhiana Area Development Authority ( GLADA) and developer of the area for not providing basic amenities in the area.The developer repaired a rough patch on the main road and filled potholes on a few stretches around one week ago. Though the colony has grown over the years to almost 600 acres, residents complain that basic amenities of roads, sewerage lines, water supply and cleanliness are absent. They allege that the colonizer developed tiny sub colonies of few acres each to make it look like a well planned colony.Panch of area A S Mahit said, \"We had heaved a sigh of relief when the patchwork was initiated thinking that at least now we will get rid of potholes but only two roads were repaired and the rest are just the same. It is very difficult to live here since there are hardly any facilities in this locality.''Another resident, Colonel (retd) P P S Grewal said, \"When patchwork was started we had a little hope that the developer is finally going to improve the basic amenities in our area but we got our hopes high too soon.''Admitting that the work was stopped, developer Amit Garg said, \"We had initiated patchwork and had to suspend work due to a technical fault in the machine. We will again start repairing roads from Thursday. Residents will not have suffer after all the potholes are filled.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13073200", "title": "3 amigos stick together", "text": "LUDHIANA: The camaraderie between Shammi Kapoor , Rahul Verma and Sumit Garg is plain to see as they keep step with each other while practising on their favourite tunes to perform at a wedding. They joke, let out each other's secrets and double over with laughter, also managing to squeeze in a \"serious'' discussion about their holiday plans and where they will head.All 20 years old and pursuing graduation, the three friends call themselves the SRS gang, a name they have coined with their initials.Shammi, whose house in Sarabha Nagar is the practice ground for them, said they have known each other since childhood and have grown up as friends. \"Even our families know each other now. In fact the wedding we three are going to perform at is my relative's and it is not the first family function that my friends and I are going to perform at. We have many common interests but our trademark is that we each own a white Swift and Apple iPhone ,'' says Shammi, who is pursuing BBA. Prod him a little more about the gang and Shammi reveals that they have nicknames among themselves. \"They call me 'SRK' because I am a great fan of the Badshah of Bollywood , Rahul has somehow earned the name 'Burma' and Sumit is 'Google' because he has an input for everything we talk about,'' said Shammi,'' he says. Rahul, who stays in Guru Nanak Nagar and is pursuing a computer course, offers insight into their hobbies. \"SRK loves shopping, Sumit loves reading and I can spend my whole day sitting on my PC. Shammi is also our star dancer,'' he says.Not to be left behind in talking about the gang, Sumit aka Google says these days they are busy looking for unique accessories for their cars that will symbolize their group. \"We also love travelling together. On weekends we enjoy short trips, special dinners and long drives. When nothing else comes to mind we head to a pizza joint for a pre-decided treat of garlic bread sticks and cheese burst pizza,'' says Sumit, who stays in Model Town Extension and is studying BBA. He adds that among the three they have a no-smoking or drinking pact and also try to discourage any of their other friends who smoke or drink.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "13073585", "title": "3 years on, mother on justice crusade", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: With justice eluding even three years after the budding airhostess Moushumi Choudhary's death under mysterious circumstances, her mother Tapsi Choudhary has once again appealed to the commoners to join her in her crusade for justice.She said the Jharkhand high court directed the CBI to investigate into the matter twice, but it failed to yield any positive result. \"I have complete faith on the judiciary, but the CBI probe has only led to a cover-up,\" said Choudhary talking to newsmen.Family, friends and relatives of Choudhary were with her at the Sakchi roundabout to observe the third death anniversary of Moushmi. \"The CBI has played into the hands of the rich and influential businessmen, who are accused in the case. I hope the judiciary listens to my appeal and ensure justice to me,\" said Choudhary.A six-member CBI team headed by DIG Neerja Gotu inquired into Moushmi death case, the second time following a directive from the high court.Moushumi, a student of Air Hostess Academy (AHA), who worked as a trainee at Hotel Sonnet sustained multiple injuries when her scarf allegedly got entangled in a washing machine. She was admitted to the TMH for treatment where she succumbed to her injuries on May 9, 2009.Hoever, Tapsi smelt foul play and sought a CBI inquiry into the matter. On Tapsi's petition, the then Jharkhand high court Chief Justice Gyan Sudha Mishra ordered a CBI inquiry into the matter.The CBI concluded the probe by stating that Moushumi had died due in an accident. This infuriated nd distressed mother questioned the alleged perfunctory nature of probe by the agency.The high court pulled up the CBI and asked the agency to lodge a fresh case under Section 302 to reinvestigate the matter and also asked for fresh set of officials in the probing team.In response to this, the management of Hotel Sonnet moved the Supreme Court seeking a stay on the High Court order, but the apex court quashed their plea. \"The second investigation also remained inconclusive,\" said Choudhary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13073734", "title": "Centre seeks UP govt report on DIG\u2019s honour killing remark", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Union home ministry has sought a report from the Uttar Pradesh government on Saharanpur DIG Satish Kumar Mathur's remarks to the father of a kidnapped teenager, saying he would have killed himself or the accused for the dishonour.ADG (law and order and crime) Jagmohan Yadav also issued a notice to the DIG seeking explanation. \"Irrespective of the circumstances, such statement by an officer can't be justified,\" he said.The DIG's remarks sparked outrage in political and social circles, with the opposition saying it was a reflection of law and order under the SP's rule. Honour killing is a menace particularly in western UP, with Muzaffarnagar district particularly notorious for the social evil. The distressed father, Shaukeen Mohammed of Kaserwa village, said the accused had criminal cases pending against him and although he promised to marry his daughter, he feared she might be raped and murdered. BSP state president Swami Prasad Maurya said DIG Mathur's statement reflected the state of affairs in UP. Rakesh Tikait, the general secretary of Bharatiya Kisan Union, threatened an agitation if the police failed to recover the girl.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13075291", "title": "Himalayan forests at greater risk from climate change: Govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: Climate change will be an additional stress on Indian forests, especially in upper Himalayan stretches, which are already subjected to multiple challenges including over-extraction, livestock grazing and human impact, a government report said here on Wednesday.India's second National Communication to the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change, released by environment minister Jayanthi Natarajan said that the assessment of climate impacts showed that at the national level, 45 per cent of forested grids are likely to undergo changes. In the report, a digital forest map of the country was used to determine spatial location of all the forested areas.This map was based on a high-resolution mapping, wherein the entire area of India was divided into over 165,000 grids. Out of these, 35,899 grids were marked as forested grids - along with the forest density and forest types. Vulnerability assessment showed that sensitive forested grids are spread across India. \"However, their concentration is higher in the upper Himalayan stretches, parts of Central India, northern Western Ghats and Eastern Ghats,\" said the MoEF report towards fulfillment of reporting obligation under the convention.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13072849", "title": "Chidambaram justifies talks to free captives, but is ready for hostage policy", "text": "NEW DELHI: Days after release of two Italians, one MLA and an IAS officer from Maoist captivity through negotiations, the Centre on Wednesday justified mediationtalks for freeing hostages. However, the government said that it was ready to hold consultations with states to evolve a uniform hostage policy.\"We must take a practical view of having mediation and negotiations ... Mediation is a part of every government ... Even Israel does it as it released 1,000 prisoners to get one soldier ... but, one should know where and how to draw the line,\" home minister P Chidambaram said replying to a short notice question in the Rajya Sabha.He was responding to the question raised by the BJP member Prakash Javadekar , who said that there should be no swap deal in hostage situations. Javadekar quoted Chhattisgarh CM Raman Singh as saying that if he (Raman) were taken hostage, there should be no swap deal.Referring to release of Sukma collector Alex Paul Menon, Chidambaram said Chhattisgarh government had appointed mediators and considered it practical to do so. On need to have a uniform hostage policy, he said, \"I have advised home ministry officials to have consultations with states on whether we can have a uniform hostage policy ... but, I cannot say how this hostage policy evolves.\"He said the Centre has been playing a crucial role in helping states resolve hostage crisis as it was a shared responsibility. \"My view has been, my view is and my view will be that dealing with terrorism, Naxalism and insurgency is a shared responsibility ... \" added the minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13072426", "title": "Adam Gilchrist's injury a blessing in disguise for Team Punjab", "text": "HYDERABAD: The loss of Adam Gilchrist to injury may have been a blessing in disguise for Team Punjab as his replacement and fellow Australian David Hussey has taken to the task as a fish takes to water. The 34-year-old Western Australian all-rounder has led from the front to put Punjab back into contention for a place in the knock-outs of IPL 5.On Tuesday night, Hussey came up with a brilliant move that showcased his leadership abilities. Chasing 171, Hyderabad were 70 for two at the end of the 10th over with Daniel Harris and Cameroon White going strong. It looked as if the hosts were going to give Punjab a run for their money and it was at that crucial juncture Hussey brought himself on to bowl the 11th over.Hussey dismissed Harris with his first ball and then sent back White three balls later to put Punjab in firm control of the game. Hussey bowled just one over but it was enough to give his side the much-needed two points. \"We have two spinners in the team who are certainly better than me, so I am more than happy with that effort,\" Hussey said about his magical spell.The right-handed batsman is already looking ahead to the other games in the tournament. \"We haven't played too well at home, but we hope to win the reverse fixture against Team Hyderabad next week,\" he said.Punjab have bounced back to the 5th spot and Hussey is confident of making the grade. \"Of course, we are confident. We would not be in the competition if we were not confident of making it to the finals.\"We are 5th now and have a couple of big games coming up. If Mandeep (Singh) and (Parvinder) Awana keep playing well, and the others chip in too, we are in with a chance.\"Speaking on Tuesday's game, Hussey said: \"I thought our batters set the tone. Mandeep is going from strength to strength and is a quality player. I think he's a future player in all three forms for India,\" he said.On Gilchrist's return, he said: \"He is really excited about getting back to the side. He is doing pretty well and we will welcome him back into the team with open arms.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13074044", "title": "State gives college teachers Friday ultimatum", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government has directed college teachers boycotting assessment to report to duty by Friday and speed up pending evaluation of answer books. Despite teachers staying away from correction work, the universities of Mumbai, Nanded and Aurangabad have reportedly completed over 60% of the assessment.Teachers across the conventional state universities did not participate in the assessment work in the exams in the summer of 2012. Despite that, the University of Mumbai has completed nearly 70% of the TYBCom assessment and 90% TYBSc evaluation. Vice-chancellors of all the universities said if assessment starts later this week, results will be out by June 10. While the impasse between teachers and the state government was on, universities roped in junior faculty and retired, ad hoc and contract teachers to assess answer books.On Wednesday, higher and technical education minister Rajesh Tope handed over minutes of the meeting the teachers had with the chief minister. Maharashtra Federation of University and College Teachers Union (MFUCTU) members will meet on Thursday and take a call on the protest's fate.On its part, the government agreed to validate services of teachers who have not taken the NET/SET exam. Universities have been told to hold special camps and regularize nearly 7,000 of these teachers from the date of appointment. But the critical issue of paying faculty members arrears, said MFUCTU general secretary Tapati Mukhopadhyay, can be taken up once the state's financial situation is better.Even arrears of the VIth Pay Commission, Rs 431 crore, will be released in a phased manner. \"We will pay the first installment in June-July and the second in April-May,\" said Tope.The state has also told all universities to draw up lists of teachers who have been boycotting assessment work. \"We will serve show-cause notices to teachers who do not report by Friday,\" added Tope. The Nanded and Nagpur universities have served notices on the teachers for not turning up for evaluation duty. \"Keeping the delay in mind, assessment can be carried out at the college level and principals must ensure it goes on smoothly,\" added Tope.The Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad has filed a PIL in the high court against teachers for boycotting assessment work.What the teachers wantNET/SET teachers must be regularized: This battle goes back to the late '90s when the University Grants Commission made it mandatory for candidates wanting to become teachers to take the NET/SET. But the Maharashtra government decided to implement the rule retrospectively and several MPhil-qualified teachers who were appointed between September 1991 and April 2000 were affected. Regularizing these teachers and paying them arrears will up the monthly salary bill by Rs17 crore.Cash component: Arrears to be paid after implementation of the VIth Pay Commission to be released for all teachersWhile the VIth Pay Commission scales came into effect from March 2009, the state government started implementing them only on January-February 2010.Difference of Vth and VIth Pay Commissions, Rs 1,550 crore, that was to come from Central government must be borne by state government. Higher and technical education minister Rajesh Tope said the CM has promised to take up the matter with Union human resources development minister Kapil Sibal.State to refer private varsity bill to AG: The state government has decided to refer the Private Universities Bill to state advocate-general Darius Khambata and seek his opinion on whether it is constitutional to include reservation for backward category of students.The state has decided not to set aside any caste-based quota but sources said the governor sent the draft bill back and told the government to consider a quota for disadvantaged candidates. The state has set up a committee headed by educationist Kumud Bansal and told it to pore over reports of nuclear scientist Anil Kakodkar, Ram Takwale and Arun Nigavekar and draw up a road-map for implementation.\"The committee will submit its report in a month,\" said higher and technical education minister Rajesh Tope. But rolling out the reforms will require funds and the state government may float a corporation to raise funds, take a loan, or allow universities to come up with fund-raising schemes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "mysore/bangalore", "code": "13074448", "title": "Karnataka State Open University row: Ramdas seeks probe", "text": "MYSORE/BANGALORE: Medical education minister S A Ramdas, who accused the Karnataka State Open University (KSOU) of overstepping its jurisdiction and offering paramedical and nursing courses without approval from statutory bodies, has taken the issue to chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda seeking a probe.Ramdas has stumbled upon the lapses of an educational institution approved by the KSOU during a spot inspection in Bangalore on Tuesday and took the issue to the CM. He has written to the CM demanding a judicial probe.\"There are complaints against the institution and I am seeking a probe. I discussed the matter with the chief secretary too. The KSOU has signed MoUs with many institutes and since the case is related to higher education department, I've asked the CM to order a probe,\" he said.He took strong exception to KSOU vice-chancellor K S Rangappa accusing the minister of targeting him.\"Why should I do that? There are lapses which came to my notice and I'm seeking corrective steps,\" Ramdas said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13075211", "title": "SMSs to Rebekah Brooks put Cameron under scanner", "text": "LONDON: A new biography of British PM David Cameron claims he sent a text message to Rebekah Brooks , then head of Rupert Murdoch's News International , at the height of the phonehacking scandal last year.\"Keep your head up,\" Cameron wrote to Brooks claim biographers Francis Elliott and James Hanning.This and other revelations have been made in 'Practically a Conservative' , by Elliott and Hanning. The book claims the SMS was sent in the week Brooks was forced to quit as chief executive of News International.If true, this indicates a degree of intimacy between the two which may be seen as improper in the light of illegal activities of News International-owned organs like News of the World, The Sun and Sky News.Cameron's private residence in Oxfordshire, west of London, is near Brooks's home. They have been known to be friends for some time. UK newspapers have reported Cameron had agreed to meet Brooks at a horse race \"so long as they were not seen together\" .Cameron also sent a representative to Brooks to explain to her why links between them had to be suspended after she handed in her papers. The message said, \"Sorry I couldn't have been as loyal to you as you have been to me, but Ed Miliband (leader of the opposition ) had me on the run.\"The disclosure will be pounced upon at the judicial commission headed by Lord Justice Leveson probing phone-hacking and press standards. Brooks is to appear before the commission on Friday.The cabinet office minister in the Cameron government , Oliver Letwin, told the authors that Brooks could be very demanding. \"If you are on the same side as her, you have to see her every week.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13071826", "title": "MLA's aid held for robbery", "text": "NOIDA: A close aid of a sitting MLA and UP minister was allegedly found involved in a robbery case committed in the residence of a businessman in Sector 11 in Noida around eight days back. Police said the accused, Abdul Sattar , is a close aid of an SP MLA from western UP. The accused had reportedly campaigned for the MLA in the UP elections in February this year. The police have recovered cash and jewellery worth of Rs 20 lakh.SSP Praveen Kumar said other accomplices of the accused who have been arrested are Naeem, Shahnawaz, Kaasif and Raj Pal. \"The gang's kingpin is Naeem. Shanawaz, under the garb of a cloth merchant, recceed targets while Raj Pal assisted him portraying as a laundryman,\" Kumar said. \"Sattar belongs to an influential community and was also its district president,\" said police sources.On April 30, the accused had reportedly barged into the residence of businessman Sanjay Gupta and decamped with cash and jewellery worth lakhs of rupees. The incident took place when the family was out to attend a marriage ceremony. The victim lives with his family and parents in H Block in Sector 11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "13072797", "title": "Ship catches fire at Goa Shipyard", "text": "VASCO: A portion of the ship 'Yellowfin', belonging to the fisheries survey of India, caught fire in the premises of the Goa Shipyard Limited (GSL) at Vaddem-Vasco on Wednesday afternoon. The loss suffered is yet to be estimated.A GSL fire tender was immediately pressed into service to extinguish the flames. Besides this, two fire tenders from Vasco fire station and one fire tender each from the MPT and Zuari battled the flames for about three and a half hours.According to a source, \"the ship, which is for repairs at the GSL dock, had also caught fire on Tuesday evening.\" Though the cause of the fire is not yet known, it is suspected that the fire started in the pantry and spread to the engine room. Flames of the burning ship could be seen from nearby buildings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13071778", "title": "'Implement new industrial policy soon'", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik District Industries &amp; Exporters' Association (NDIEA) has appealed to the state government to bring into effect the new industrial policy for the state at the earliest.The association presented a memorandum in this connection to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, urging him to announce the new industrial policy at the earliest.Speaking to TOI, Ramesh Pawar, president of the NDIEA, said, \"We have presented the CM with a memorandum urging him to implement the new industrial policy of the state at the earliest. The new industrial policy of Maharashtra was expected to be introduced with effect from April 1, 2011, but it could not happen. As a result, the new industrial investment in the state has been badly affected.\"He added, \"In fact, the state government has already drafted the new industrial policy and it is ready. But, the government is taking too much time to announce it. Investors who are willing to invest in the state are waiting for the implementation of the new industrial policy and the packages of schemes and incentives under the policy.\"The memorandum states, \"The new industrial policy, if brought into effect immediately, will help boost the new industrial development and investment in the state.\"On June 21, 2011, industries minister Narayan Rane visited Nashik and held meetings with the office-bearers of all industrial associations across Nashik district and took suggestions and feedback from them. The industrial associationswho had participated in a meet, included NDIEA, Nashik Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (NIMA), Ambad Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (AIMA) and Maharashtra Chamber of Commerce, Industry &amp; Agriculture (MCCIA).\"We hope the state government will take immediate action in this connection and announce the new industrial policy shortly,\" Pawar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13072980", "title": "Kin of 'martyr' now seek state recognition", "text": "PANAJI: The chorus of the song made famous in the movie 'The Way We Were'-starring Barbara Streisand and Robert Redford-in a nutshell, sums up the life of the Barretos, Ms Henriqueta and Erasmo, who lost their father, Bomartinho Barreto, on May 10, 1962, in a bomb blast that occurred in the hall of the Mormugao municipality at Vasco-da-Gama.Memories, because the Barretos had no existing picture of their father during that period, pre-death, except ones at the time of his marriage and a few years later. \"Those days, nobody took photographs that often except on special occasions,\" said Erasmo, who returned in 2011 after 30 years of service in Bahrain .Erasmo's mother, Antonieta Rodrigues, never ever recovered from the tragedy which occurred when she took her children out on that tragic hot summer day, to a local spring for a cool shower. She went into bouts of mental depression thereafter, for the next 14 years, before she eventually breathed her last in 1976.Erasmo, then 12 at the time of his father's death, was forced to study and work to keep the home fires burning. However, the stress of shouldering both at so young an age turned impossible and forced him to quit his education after standard VIII before the school took pity on the family and provided him with a peon's job.Today, 50 years later, egged on by the living friends of his father who also worked at the Mormugao Municipality, has begun knocking on the doors of the Manohar Parrikar government, seeking recognition the state's recognition for his father, the unsung hero, who died a martyr.This May 10, 2012, will be the 50th death anniversary of Bomartinho, who on that fatal day, left for work early as a meeting of important officials was scheduled at the venue.Bomartinho was about the place, cleaning it up and preparing the hall for the meeting when he was told of a suspicious object placed in a waste paper basket in the hall. He innocently picked up the basket, unaware of the consequences, and just when he placed it outside the premise, it blew up.It is alleged that the impact of the blast impaired the hearing of another staffer who was doing about his work inside.Ironically, Bomartinho's was the only human life lost and the then-government felt it befitting to provide the family with 1750 as compensation. \"Was my father's life worth only that much? I am not looking for any monetary help. All I believe, and so do many of his friends and villagers of Cansaulim, that the government should honour him during the celebrations of the 50th anniversary of the liberation of the state for sacrificing his life in order to save the lives of many on that fatal day,\" said Erasmo.The Barretos have approached the CM's office, the state governor's office, the Mormugao municipality and the late Matanhy Saldhana to honour the son of the soil who died a martyr.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13073640", "title": "NCC fails to charm youths", "text": "KOLKATA: It was a glorious history that started from the then Presidency College, way back in 1919. It was something that even Netaji Subhas Bose was proud to be a part of. However, the National Cadet Corps (NCC) has somewhat lost its appeal for the youth of the state. In the last Republic Day parade, West Bengal was at the 11th position.\"There are certain factors responsible for this. While we are trying to raise three more units in the state, the government is yet to recognize the NCC 'C' Certificate as a parameter for admission to higher education, unlike southern states. We have discussed the matter with the new government and they have assured us to consider the proposal,\" said Lieutenant General P S Bhalla (AVSM), DG of NCC, on his recent visit to the city.That is just one of the many hurdles that the NCC is faced with. \"During our times, the awareness of NCC was much higher. There is a clear government lacuna now in promoting the NCC. An effort from schools and colleges will only come when the government takes some steps,\" laments Prof Deepak Bhattacharya, academic head of a reputable B- school.Most of the X Box generation feels that it's just a waste of time, and with pressing curriculum, NCC is something they can hardly spare any time for. \"The main hurdle for getting into the armed forces is cracking the SSB interview. Although the NCC boasts of discipline, it does precious little to groom us for the SSB,\" says a first-year student of a city engineering college. Also, most cadets who get selected for the Republic Day parade belong to the hilly regions and with unrest in Darjeeling and adjoining areas that is getting affected as well.\"Maximum effort for grooming the students is given by the teachers who hold the post of Associate NCC officers. Officers from the defence come and go on deputations but these people are permanent. Surprisingly the honorarium for such officers starts from Rs 500 and is Rs 1100 for the highest rank of major. Imagine, school teachers get a salary in the bracket of Rs 30,000, which is much higher in the case of colleges or even more so in engineering colleges. They don't get much recognition, although they are the primary motivators,\" said Captain Dr B B Singh of the NCC Directorate of West Bengal and Sikkim.However, there is a glimmer of hope. There are 94,175 cadets in the state, with more than 20,000 girl cadets. \"There are 600 plus schools and 400 plus colleges in the state that promote NCC. You will be surprised to note that there is a waiting list of 423 schools and colleges who want to join NCC,\" said Major General M P Singh, ADG, NCC, West Bengal and Sikkim. \"Interest is surely not dwindling, otherwise the waitlist would not have been so high,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13074667", "title": "\u2018Awfully busy\u2019 Narendra Modi tried his best to save 2002 Gujarat riot victims: SIT", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Supreme Court-appointed special investigation team (SIT) has done much more than just giving a clean chit to Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi on allegations of his involvement in the 2002 riots.Not only does the report, submitted by SIT chairman RK Raghavan, exonerate Modi from the criminal charge of conspiracy and facilitating riots, it goes an extra mile to explain the efforts of an \"awfully busy\" Modi to protect the riot-affected and offer them relief and rehabilitation.Experts say the closure report is very different in spirit than the first report submitted by SIT member AK Malhotra, who had questioned Modi's actions on several counts including allegedly deputing cabinet ministers in police control rooms and his negligence towards the riot-affected. Raghavan's report claims Modi visited Gulbarg Society and Naroda Patia, which witnessed two of the worst massacres during the riots, and relief camps on March 5 and 6, 2002.Stating that the Army was called in well in time, the report further says, \"The CM was awfully busy with the steps to control the law and order situation, providing medical treatment to the riot victims, their rehabilitation, giving ex-gratia payment to the riot affected, NGO relief camps and with the payment of compensation for destruction of properties during the riots, and also with his efforts to restore peace and normalcy in the state.\"The closure report admits that the state government was wrong in not banning the BJP-supported VHP bandh on February 28, 2002, but in the same breath adds it doesn't amount to conspiracy. On charges of Modi issuing illegal instructions to allow Hindus to vent their anger, the SIT states, \"The chief minister emphasized that miscreants (in the train carnage case) should be apprehended and not allowed to escape. He was also concerned about the number of causalities in the incident. The CM gave directions that steps should be taken not to delay medical help for passengers and to impose curfew to avoid any untoward incident, Godhra being a sensitive place.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13074587", "title": "Tulu academy announces honorary, book awards", "text": "MANGALORE: The Karnataka Tulu Sahitya Academy on Wednesday announced the names of recipients of honorary and book awards for 2011 here. The names of awardees were finalized at the general meeting of the academy members that was chaired by its president Umanath Kotian on Tuesday. The awards will be conferred to the winners at a ceremony that will be held at the Town Hall here on June 16.The recipients of the academy's honorary awards are Bola Chittaranjandas Shetty for Tulu literature, G Seetharam Shetty for Tulu stage, and TA Srinivas for Tulu cinema. The award consists of Rs 10,000 in cash, a shawl, a garland, a fruits bowl, a memento and a citation. Umanath said the academy took into consideration the achievements of each of the award winners in their respective fields, while finalising the names.Putthige Padmanabha Rai's novel 'Sathya Drushti' fetched him the Tulu novel award, while K Ashok Alva's 'Onji Kundu Nalpa Kathegalu' got him the Tulu story award. Rathnakar Rao Kavoor has been selected for Tulu drama award for 'Bhootala Pandya'.The academy received three entries each for novel and drama award categories, and four for story award category, Kotian said. These awards consist of Rs 5,000 in cash, a memento, and a citation.On reasons for selecting Rathnakar Rao for Tulu drama book award when all the three entries were from him, Kotian said. \"Since there were no other entries and the government norms mandate a minimum of three entries to select anyone for the award, the members decided to do so. The academy did not confer the award in Tulu drama book category last year and this is the reason why we finalized Rathnakar's name for the award in that category,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13074506", "title": "Water woes intensify in Hubli localities", "text": "HUBLI: Residents of SM Krishna Nagar and Ishwar Nagar, though coming under the HDMC, are not as lucky as their neighboring layouts, because they get drinking water only once a fortnight through tankers.SM Krishna Nagar and Ishwar Nagar are situated just about 4kms away from the city centre. \"The residents of the neighboring areas get water once in three or four days. We on the other hand get water once a fortnight, which obviously will not suffice our needs,\" said Najeerah Ahmed Mullah, resident of SM Krishna Nagar. In order to get sufficient drinking water, residents also have to fetch water from the neighbouring layouts.The residents get tap water once a week but it is not potable.Both the areas residents are not getting drinking water regularly and they have to go other layouts by their bicycle, motorcycle, auto rickshaw and other vehicles to bring water. Some people used to walk for a kilo meter to bring water.Drinking water pipes were laid down in these areas a couple of years ago. But water connection has not been provided yet, even though the officials collected Rs 1,100 from each house who wished to take an individual connection,\" Mahaboob Peer Nadaf of Ishwar Nagar told TOI. \"About a month ago, they had also collected Rs 750 to fix the meters,\" he added.Though Ishwar Nagar has two borewells, they are not in working condition since the past 15 days. Hence we bring water from Hugar plot for drinking purpose, said Balachandrayya Hiramath of Ishwar Nagar.\"Both the areas are facing drinking water problem. The water board has delayed to give out connections and to finish the works. About 200 connections have already been given. After providing the remaining 300 connections, drinking water will be available to all in both areas,\" said area corporator Altaf Navaz Kittur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13075379", "title": "Government plans houses for building workers", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government has planned to construct 1,000 low cost houses for construction and building workers in Bhubaneswar under the new housing scheme, Biju Shramik Awas Yojana. There is also a plan to take up such projects in Cuttack, Paradip, Jharsuguda, Angul and Kalinganagar. The Odisha Building and Other Construction Workers' Welfare Board would take up construction work of all these proposed projects.The decisions were taken at a meeting chaired by chief secretary B K Patnaik on Tuesday. Patnaik advised the board to construct at least 1,000 dwelling units in Bhubaneswar in the first phase and provide those to construction workers on affordable rent basis. He also told officials present at the meeting to coordinate with the Bhubaneswar Development Authority (BDA) in these matters since BDA has some schemes for weaker section and lower income group people, said a government officer.The meeting also discussed construction of multistoreyed houses in other selected places including Cuttack, where there is dearth of housing accommodation for construction workers.The chief secretary was also informed that the board has issued identity cards to 1,06,145 workers. Besides, the board has provided financial assistance in 34 death cases, 32 accident cases, five major ailment cases, 27 funerals and one education assistance case.The proposal for covering construction workers under Rashtriya Swasthya Beema Yojona (RSBY) was also discussed in the meeting. Chairman of the borad Yogendra Tripathy, labour cdommissioner-cum-member convener Alekh Chandra Padihary attended the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "13073556", "title": "Cash looted in 2 separate incidents", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: In two separate incidents at Golmuri and Pursudih, about Rs 1 lakh cash was looted by unidentified criminals on Wednesday. In the first incident, two motorcycle-borne criminals broke the utility box of a scooter parked on the roadside and fled away with Rs 45,000 cash.The victim, Charan Singh, resident of road no 26, Telco was having tea with his friend in the Golmuri market, after withdrawing money from a Punjab National Bank branch. Two criminals, taking advantage of the situation , broke the utility box and fled with the money.An eyewitness tried to get hold of the criminals, but they managed to escape. A case in this regard has been lodged with the Golmuri police station.In another incident, two motorcycle-borne criminals snatched Rs 49,000 in cash from the peon of Shyama Prasad School and College, Pursudih. The victim, Anil Chandra Das, was returning to the college from a Canara Bank branch after withdrawing money, when the criminals snatched it and fled away. Interestingly, both the incidents occurred at around 11.30 pm. \"We suspect it to be the handiwork of Katihar gang. We have got some leads and are working on it,\" said deputy police superintendent Kanhaiya Upadhayay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13072911", "title": "Is Blackburn Rovers' sale on the cards?", "text": "NEW DELHI: A little less than two seasons after they acquired Blackburn Rovers amid much fanfare, Venky's may be trying to wash their hands of the club. Soon after Rovers were relegated from the Premiership - to jeering by the home fans - on Sunday, rumours swirled about the possible bailout by the Pune-based poultry giants, seeking buyers in Asia and the Middle East.Agency reports quoting club sources however said that they are not looking for a buyer in Europe. Reports also said that two consortiums are apparently prepared to invest in the club but added that they will not be paying Venky's for the club.Venky's, who bought the Lancashire club for \u00a323 million ($37 million) in November 2010, becoming the first Indians to own an EPL club, said they will speak to reporters on Thursday. According to reports, the club's Indian owners are planning a series of cutbacks as the threat of administration also looms along with relegation. Officials at Blackburn are gearing up for a redundancy of up to 40 per cent.From first promising to sign Ronaldinho and David Beckham to mulling selling off current squad players like Junior Hoilett, Yakubu Aiyegbeni, Steven Nzonzi and Paul Robinson, Venky's and Rovers have indeed come full circle. Life in the lower divisions means less scope of revenue and slashed season-ticket rates as opposed to the lucrative English Premiership.But Blackburn Rovers are not alone. Lakshmi Mittal co-owned Queens Park Rangers too face Premiership relegation, while Spanish club Racing Santander were the first to be relegated from the top-flight Liga (Spanish league) this season. Santander's owner, the Bahrain-based Hyderabadi Ahsan Ali Syed, is reportedly absconding, wanted by Interpol in a loan fraud.Why Indian owners simply turned a blind eye as the management floundered at the proud small-town club with modest means but fiercely-loyal fan base, is baffling. Unlike Santander, the problems at Blackburn - Premiership winners in 1994-95 - had been long known and the fans made it amply clear each weekend by chanting against their manager Steve Kean and owners Venky's abject lack of involvement.In official correspondence made public immediately after Rovers' drop from the Premiership, the club's deputy CEO Paul Hunt had asked owner Anuradha Desai in December 2011 to act before the situation reached such a pass.Hunt had written asking Desai to \"make some significant changes to save the club, perhaps from relegation but also perhaps from administration\".There was the issue of an outstanding repayment of a \u00a310 million loan taken from Barclays . In January this year, Hunt even pointed out the need for additional funding to pay wages.While Venky's did eventually clear the debt, it had forced KPMG, the club's auditors, to \"put as many obstacles as they can in the way of signing off the accounts due to their concerns\".Hunt wrote: \"We continue to try and work with Barclays but they are very quickly losing patience as we cannot give answers. We have been forced to agree to additional spending against our wishes (Christmas hampers, sponsoring the Princes Trust event etc) and I am fearful that the situation will only get worse. The position with the finances is a cause for grave concern.\"Hunt asked for \"regular visits to meet the owners in India\". Six months after his appointment as deputy CEO, Hunt has still not met Desai. He also asked for at least one representative of Venky's turn up for \"at least a quarter of games\". The Indian owners have rarely been seen at Ewood Park in the past 12 months and were absent when Blackburn's relegation was confirmed. This proved the last straw for the fans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13077898", "title": "Supreme Court permits Mohammed Khalil Chisti to visit Pakistan", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Thursday allowed Pakistani microbiologist Dr Mohammed Khalil Chisti, awarded life term in a murder case, to visit Karachi till November 1 during the pendency of his appeal.The SC said it will hear Chisti's appeal against conviction in murder case on November 20 and directed him to return to India positively on November 1.Dr Mohammed Khalil Chisti will have to deposit his passport with the Indian consulate in Karachi.After a prolonged trial that stretched for 18 years, Chisti was held guilty in a murder case and was awarded life sentence on January 31 last year by an Ajmer sessions court.Chishti is presently out on bail, but has been asked to confine himself to Ajmer only.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13073416", "title": "Bihar Industries Association team back from Hanover trip", "text": "PATNA: The 10-member team of the Bihar Industries Association, which had been to Germany to take part in the International Trade Fair at Hanover, returned recently after making itself aware of the latest technological advancements made in the steel industry and other industrial sectors.The fair, which was held from April 22 to 29 and christened Hanover Messe, also made the team members aware of the innovations made in solar energy generation and wind power advancements.BIA secretary general Sanjay Goenka said all the big players involved in solar energy generation and research from across the world visited the Hanover Messe, which had put up on display wares for reducing the cost of solar energy generation. He said the solar energy technologists at the trade fair were confident of reducing the cost of solar energy production through fossil fuels in the next 5-10 years.Goenka said the BIA team has brought notes on solar energy and wind power generation, which would be studied by experts to assess the potential of tapping energy, particularly solar energy, in Bihar. \"In Bihar, the possibility of electricity generation through wind power is remote due to geographical reasons. However, the possibility of solar power installation is quite high,\" he said.The new silicon technology developed to reduce the cost of tapping solar power was put on display at the Hanover Messe. He said technological wonders like machines running through sensors, pneumatic wares and use of robotics were put up on display at the fair. He, however, admitted that it might take years to use them here. He said the students of German universities, technical colleges and research institutions also showcased their innovations and products.A local entrepreneur, Krishnadeo Varshneya, who runs a steel industry, said import of steel technology would be possible only when the international steel firms open their offices in India.Another member of the team and former vice-president of BIA, Sunil Kumar Singh, said since technological advancements in India would take much time, the support of the government for importing the latest technology for industries should be sought at the earliest. He said a computerized machine for embroidery work was also on display at the fair. \"It was priced at Rs 8 lakh. The machine would be helpful to those running textile industry,\" Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13074021", "title": "Uttar Pradesh teachers' federation meets chief minister over pending demands", "text": "LUCKNOW: Rockey John, member, Federation of UP University College Teachers' Association (FUPUCTA), and Gopal Krishna, teacher, Lucknow Christian College met state chief minister Akilesh Yadav and gave a representation requesting the CM to meet the federation members regarding their long pending demands.Issues such as implementing the UGC Regulation 2010, adopting UGC composite scheme were discussed.During the meeting, the CM raised the issue of non-payment of arrears to the higher education teachers from 2006 to 2008.Dr John informed the mediapersons that the theCM gave a patient hearing to all the issues like Implementing the UGC Regulation 2010, adopting UGC composite scheme in Toto, and other long pending issues of the teachers in Utter Pradesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "mandram", "code": "13072810", "title": "Police impersonators rob 60-year-old woman of gold jewellery", "text": "MANDRAM: Two unidentified persons, posing as policemen, robbed a 60-year-old woman of her gold jewellery at Junaswada in Mandrem on Wednesday morning .Pernem police said Indumati Gajanan Mhamal was on her way to her neighbour's house, 200m away from her own home, when the men, identifying themselves as 'policemen', approached her at the Junas road junction. It was around 7.30am.Warning her against murderers and dacoits, the 'policemen' told Mhamal that she needed to be careful about her jewellery.They then got her to remove her mangalsutra, bangles and earrings, all worth 1.5lakh, and wrapping the same in a plastic bag gave her the same. The duo then left the spot.Suspecting something amiss a short while later, Mhamal opened the bag to find it empty.She lodged a complaint with the Pernem police who asked for a description of the duo. Further investigations are under way under the supervision of PSI Narayan Parmar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13077367", "title": "Madhuri out, Hrithik in for State campaign", "text": "While it is true heavy security has been deployed to keep Hrithik Roshan's fresh new look in Krrish 3 strictly under wraps, Tuesday turned out to be a bit of an over indulgence. People were in for a surprise, what with nearly double the armed security cordoning off the shooting area at Filmistan, where Hrithik is shooting along with Kangna Ranaut.However, it wasn't just Hrithik's appearance they were guarding. Rather, the kadak bandobust was in lieu of the few ministers who came down to meet Roshan, to discuss the proposal to make him the brand ambassador for the state of Maharashtra.A source close to the film told Mirror, \"Three ministers from Mantralaya had come down. They were made to wait in Hrithik's vanity van for 20-odd minutes since the actor was busy shooting a scene and could not abandon it in between. As soon as he got done, they had a meeting at about 4pm that went on for around 30 minutes.\"The source further revealed, \"Everything has been finalised. Hrithik just needs to have a final meeting with the main person in charge. That will take place as soon as this schedule is completed in three to four days.\"While both Hrithik and Rakesh Roshan remained unavailable for comment, Hrithik's agency Carving Dreams that is looking into the deal, simply said, \"We will let you know at the right time.\"We hear Madhuri Dixit was approached earlier for the prestigious role of brand ambassador but she demanded a whopping fee of nearly Rs 9 crore. Sachin Tendulkar, who was a contender as well, couldn't take on the role due to his cricket commitments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13072511", "title": "Government's apathy slows down health scheme for the aged", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Health care for the city's 22,000-odd senior citizens suffering from various ailments continues to be a distant dream. Though the Kerala State Social Security Mission launched the 'Vayomitram' scheme in the city in 2011 with much fanfare, it is now bogged down by staff and resource shortage.Six staff members, including two doctors and four nurses , and two ambulances units are forced to cater to a city which has 50,000 aged persons living in its 75 wards. The limited allocation of funds by the mission to buy medicines for the aged is another impediment. So far the mission has been allotted only medicines worth Rs 25,000 and that too only to one ambulance unit.Meanwhile, the growing demand for health care has forced the doctors to conduct weekly and fortnightly clinics at the Reproductive Child Health (RCH) centres.One of the project coordinators said the service is yet to reach Elathur and Medical College areas in the city. \"Limited availability of medicine is a problem. We need extra medicine of around Rs 10,000 per month. We have requested the allocation of additional medicine and hope to get approval from the mission,\" said the project coordinator.Under the project, weekly clinic is being conducted at Cheruvannur-Nallalam zonal Office, and in RCHs in Kommeri, Mankkavu, Kuthiravattom,and Vellayil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13074616", "title": "Chief minister directs revival of tiger cells", "text": "NAGPUR: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan has taken cognizance of Palasgaon tiger poaching and asked the forest department to revive the tiger cells in the state. After the poaching incident, Amravati-based Satpuda Foundation had urged Chavan, who is also chairman of State Board for Wildlife (SBWL), to review functioning of tiger cells, anti-poaching units and newly formed Special Tiger Protection Force (STPF) and bring some changes in functioning.In a letter to the chief minister on April 30, Kishor Rithe, member of SBWL and chief of Satpuda Foundation, had raised concerns on increasing tiger poaching in the state, ineffectiveness of tiger cells and anti-poaching squads and newly formed STPF. He had requested a review of these institutions with forest and home ministry to formulate an effective joint mechanism to tackle growing tiger poaching and wildlife trade.Taking note of the letter, chief minister's office has instructed principal secretary (forest) Praveen Pardeshi to take appropriate action. It is learnt Pardeshi has instructed all chief conservators (CCFs) to call urgent meeting of district level tiger cells. Rithe, who was instrumental in formation of tiger cells in Maharashtra around a decade ago, called for measures on the lines of Gujarat government, which took some urgent steps after poaching of lions came to fore in Gir.90 range forest officers promotedFinally, the long wait for promotion for 90 range forest officers (RFOs) is over. The state on May 7 issued orders to promote 90 RFOs as assistant conservators of forests (ACFs). The government had been sitting on the list for the past five months. There were allegations about manipulation for choice postings. With these promotions, the ACF cadre has gone up from existing 276 to 366, with 56 more RFOs slated to be promoted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13073981", "title": "UP trust's property deals under scanner", "text": "MUMBAI: The sale of the Uttar Bhartiya Sangh's trust property in Dadar and alleged irregularities in the lease of a plot to the Sangh in Bandra have come under the state administration's scanner. The charity commissioner's office has told the Bombay high court (HC) that it will look into the issues if it receives a formal application.Omprakash Pandey, a trustee, accused the trust of violating rules and filed a petition in the HC. \"The trust's property at Senapati Bapat Marg in Dadar has been sold without permission from the charity commissioner's office,\" Pandey's petition stated.Sangh president R N Singh denied Pandey's allegations and said, \"According to our understanding, the court has disposed of the case.\" But Pandey's advocate Surel Shah said that the court admitted the petition and heard it immediately. \"The judges heard both sides and recorded the charity commissioner's office statement,\" Shah added.Besides illegally disposing of property in Dadar, Pandey in his petition accused the trust's head of not implementing the sangh's ideology. \"It was formed for the welfare of people from Uttar Pradesh living in Mumbai. Instead of providing facilities such as training in skilled education and recreation facilities, the sangh is using its plot at Bandra for operating an office of a daily Hindi newspaper, which Singh is closely associated with. Even a portion of the Bandra land has been given on lease to a bank. The use of trust land for commercial purposes is a clear violation of rules,\" Pandey said.The court stated in its April 11 order that during pendency of the complaint in the charity commissioner's office, Pandey can go ahead and file other proceedings regarding allegations regarding the manner in which respondent 4 (Shivdatta Singh) dealt with the trust's properties.A senior Mantralaya official said that in view of the rampant violation of rules by the charitable trust, the government should initiate suo motu action against it. \"The government should not wait for a complaint to be lodged. We should initiate suo motu action to find out if the trust has been misusing land allotted to it and whether it is adhering to other rules too. It appears many trusts misuse land given to them for social purposes. Such a tendency needs to be curbed immediately,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "13076538", "title": "Asia Society's India-born president and CEO Vishakha Desai to step down", "text": "NEW YORK: Global non-profit organisation Asia Society's India-born head Vishakha Desai, who has advised president Barack Obama on India related issues, is stepping down as president and CEO after 22 years at the city-based leading cultural and educational body.US-educated Desai would leave her post on September 1 and join the city-based Guggenheim Foundation, a preeminent institution for the collection, preservation and research of modern and contemporary art, as Senior Advisor for Global Policy and Programmes.She is also talking with several prominent universities to develop a special initiative focusing on the intersection of culture in international relations.One of America's leading experts on Asian art, Desai had joined Asia Society as its museum director in 1990, served as Senior Vice President and was appointed to lead the entire institution as President and CEO in 2004.Desai said it was time for her to move to the next phase of her professional life, allowing more time for teaching and writing.\"It has been a privilege to preside over the institution during this time of dramatic transformation. It is now the right time to close my chapter and open the way to new leadership at the Asia Society,\" she said in a statement.During her tenure, Desai oversaw a major expansion of Asia Society's headquarters here with establishment of new offices in India and South Korea.At present, Asia Society's global reach extends across 11 cities in Asia and the US, recent additions being multi-million-dollar centers with gallery exhibition space in Hong Kong and Houston.Asia Society co-chairs Henrietta Fore and Ronnie Chan said Desai \"brought a maturity and breadth\" to the 56-year-old institution which has long been a forum for leaders and policymakers from Asia and the United States and dedicated to connecting people from the two regions.\"Asia Society has been fortunate to have a leader of her caliber for so many years,\" Fore and Chan said.\"Through her leadership our organization has been transformed. A hallmark of her presidency has been the bringing together of issues of culture and policy to deepen mutual understanding among Asians and Americans.\"Desai is also writing a book on the future of India's role in the world. She would serve as an advisor to the Asia Society Board to help with the transition process.The Board of Trustees has launched a search for a new President and CEO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13074639", "title": "Tension, stamina more magnified: Viswanathan Anand", "text": "Former world champion Alexander Khalifman once said that Viswanathan Anand emanated light. He would have added 'wisdom' too if he had another attribute to add to the world champion's qualities. Starting as an underdog in a world that was dominated by the Russian giants, Anand had to work against the odds to reach the position that he is in now as the undisputed world champion.Before he left for Moscow to take on Gelfand, Anand spoke to TOI about his previous matches, chess theory and the future of the game in India. Excerpts:Tell us about your first meeting with Gelfand?I met Gelfand for the first time in 1989 in Moscow. The game was a quick draw. Boris was ahead of me in terms of progress and was already playing in the GMA events.Your tournament results before a match (Bonn, Sofia and now Moscow) have a pattern. Any reason?My own tournament results have not been great in the last few months. I don't want to dwell on whether the match plays a role or not. The introspection can wait till June. Now the focus is only Moscow and doing well there. I tried to win where the opportunity was.From 1996 till 2007 we had to focus on tournaments largely as matches for the world championship were not held. Now the situation is more fluid and we get to see a lot of matches. In 2007, I was happy to win in Mexico and get a chance to play the match in 2008. I try to work with the situation at hand rather than try to complain about it. In 2000 it was Tehran, 2007 Mexico and 2008 Bonn under different formats.Has chess theory reached a dead end?Chess theory evolves constantly. What was the most happening line suddenly becomes dead and everyone knows how to make a draw with correct play. Computers to a certain degree help mathematically work that out. Sometimes you see a game gets interesting and suddenly peters out to a draw. Modern chess is like that. Now tension and stamina become more magnified than before. Just remembering theory is also a big problem.What is the future of chess in India?I hope that we will have some top 20 players from India in the next 10 years. It takes a lot of hard work and opportunity to make it and stay there. I think there are 3-4 players who could make it but the next five years could be crucial.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "yavatma", "code": "13074514", "title": "Gharkul scam: Cops book 28 bogus beneficiaries", "text": "YAVATMA: The Wadgaon Road police have finally registered criminal offences on Tuesday against 28 bogus beneficiaries of the government's Gharkul Yojana implemented through the Yavatmal panchayat samiti.According to police station officer Sarjerao Gaikwad, in charge block development officer of Yavatmal panchayat samiti Rajendra Dhongade has lodged a complaint against all 28 bogus beneficiaries and produced relevant documents. \"We have registered criminal offences against all 28 persons, including a woman, under section 420 and 34 of IPC,' Gaikwad confirmed.Yavatmal ZP chief executive officer Navalkishor Ram had first received a complaint about the gharkul scam involving Rs 70 lakh implemented through Yavatmal PS in village Bhosa on the city's outskirts. An enquiry committee was appointed under the chairmanship of additional CEO Raghunath Awachar, who confirmed that the gharkul scheme was mainly carried out on paper and officials pocketed the huge fund.The CEO suspended five employees (two gramsevaks and three extension officers) and ordered departmental enquiry against three former BDOs, which is now in progress. Meanwhile, the CEO has, as per the findings of the Awachar committee, asked the BDO to file a complaint in the police station against the bogus beneficiaries.BDO Sudhakar Jumnake lodged the complaint a month ago, but Wadgaon Road police station officer Gaikwad had refused to book the bogus beneficiaries unless the BDO produced all the relevant records. Thereafter Jumnake went on leave and Dhongade took charge of BDO.The CEO then approached SP Ranjankumar Sharma and requested to him to instruct police officials to take cognisance of the crime as it was filed by a responsible ZP officer. The SP ordered the PSO to file an FIR and carry out the necessary investigation. Subsequently, the reluctant PSO booked all 28 bogus beneficiaries who had produced fabricated documents to take benefit of schemes meant for BPL families.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13074629", "title": "91,000 seats come up for poor kids under RTE Act in Karnataka", "text": "BANGALORE: This is what the revolutionary RTE Act has given underprivileged children in the state: around 91,000 seats up for grabs in unaided private schools in the state.The 91,000 seats is the 25% quota that private schools (except minorities) are supposed to reserve for the disadvantaged group. Of these, around 20,000 are available in Bangalore. Even if all the seats in any school are not filled up, the government will take a call on what to do with it, and the managements will have no say.Karnataka is stepping closer to the revolutionary idea of having the underprivileged in classrooms along with the rest of society. On Wednesday, the department of public instruction issued the application form for the RTE quota.Application forms will be available on its website. For people with no access to the website and schools not providing it, the form is available with the block education officer. Parents can collect it and submit it by May 25, to a neighbourhood school of their choice. Schools have been told to prepare the list of students by June 5. In case a school refuses to accept the application form, the parent can report to the local body, in this case, the BEO.What should the child do?When the application forms are submitted, sufficient proof needs to be attached to claim the quota. For identification of an orphan, the certificate will have to be issued by the women and child development department. Similarly, migrant and street children will have to be certified by the departments of education, women and child development, or labour. HIV-positive children should have a certificate from a taluk-level doctor of the health department. SCs, STs and other backward classes will have to follow the procedure from the social welfare department.In order to get a certificate for migrants, parents have to furnish a ration card, voter ID, driving licence and LPG bond to the officer concerned. For orphans, the caretakers will have to submit the forms. Parents have to submit a certificate from the revenue department, regarding income, if they want to apply under EWS quota.For age proof, a parent can either submit the birth certificate, a certificate from anganwadis or even a self-declaration. The parent will also have to specify in which medium he wants his child to study.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13072804", "title": "Demolish premises, set up separate probe: MLA Rohan Khaunte", "text": "PANAJI: Porvorim MLA Rohan Khaunte on Wednesday lashed out against the Goa Cricket Association (GCA), demanding that the government form a separate investigation team to inquire into \"irregularities\".Khaunte told mediapersons, \"The chief minister should constitute a separate investigation team, besides the already appointed two-member committee, to inquire into the irregularities in GCA.\" He claimed he had documents to prove the involvement of association secretary Prasad Fatarpekar and members and said he would file a first information report (FIR) against the same.Alleging that the GCA premises constructed next to the ground in Porvorim was \"totally illegal\", Khaunte demanded its demolition.He further alleged that the panchayat turned a Nelson's eye despite knowing about the illegality. \"I demand that the chief minister also order an inquiry into the role of the panch and sarpanch of Penha de Franca in these illegalities,\" said Khaunte.He claimed that the premises had water and electricity despite no occupancy certificate from the panchayat. \"These connections should be disconnected,\" said Khaunte.He also wondered how the land could have been transferred to GCA from Info Tech Corporation of Goa within 10 days through a lease deed when it had been transferred to the corporation from the education department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13073195", "title": "Mystery foreigner speaks, but her identity remains unclear", "text": "CHENNAI: Dressed in a black night gown, she lies in the intensive care unit of the Government General Hospital staring at the ceiling. Doctors know her by different names - to some she is Iryna, to others she is Iresha or Iriza.The foreign national, with blonde hair and grey eyes, was brought unconscious to the hospital on Monday. On Wednesday, she began to speak, but her identity remains a mystery. To some doctors she said she was in Chennai on a tourist visa, claiming she from Minsk in Republic of Belarus and that she had lost her passport along with her bag.The 30-something woman, found swimming in a bikini in a pond near an abandoned stone quarry near Pallavaram, was dragged out by locals with the help of police and later brought to GH in an ambulance. She has been admitted in the intensive care unit under the head of clinical medicine Dr C Rajendran. Specialists, including cardiologists and gynecologists, visited her and have ruled out any major problems but it has been confirmed that she is on anti-anxiety pills as she seemed to be depressed. \"There are no physical signs of sexual harassment but we will have to speak to her more to get details. We don't want ask her too many questions. We know she is depressed,\" said Dr Rajendran.She has been giving different spellings for her name and different numbers for her age. She told some doctors that her bag was lost, to others she said it had been snatched away at the hospital on Monday. \"We have given her anti-anxiety pills,\" said resident medical officer and psychiatrist Dr Anand Pratap.Police continued to make visits to the hospitals and the doctors are trying to reach the Belarus embassy in Delhi for details about the woman. \"We are trying to establish her identity still. We will be sending details to the embassy,\" Dr Pratap said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13075272", "title": "Want to shed flab, guys? Hit gym minus gals", "text": "LONDON: Want to shed the flab? Make sure that there are no women around when you workout at the gym, a new study has claimed. Researchers at Leeds Metropolitan University have carried out the study and found that men who attend slimming classes could manage to shed twice as much weight when there are no women around, the 'Daily Mail' reported.In fact, in their study, the researchers found that men who followed an all-male course lost almost a stone on average, taking in those who missed some of the 12 weekly meetings while those who attended slimming club meetings dominated by women lost on average just over half a stone. Counting only those who completed the all-male course, weight loss rose to nearly one and a half stone and waistlines were reduced by almost two inches on average. According to the researchers, it's likely that some of the men are bashful about discussing their \"chubby\" bodies in front of women.However, they feel more secure in an allmale environment and their competitive spirit came to the fore.For the study, 62 overweight men from the West Midlands attended weekly Weight Watchers meetings without any women. Around twothirds of the men completed the course and 77% of these lost at least 5% of their body weight. Many shed more than 10%.Lead researcher professor Steven Robertson attributed the results to a sense of camaraderie , blokey banter and the feeling of being part of a team. Zoe Hellman, head of public health at Weight Watchers, which funded the research, added: \"A lot of the men did say that they felt a very female-dominated meeting might put them off contributing or talking about things that were important to them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13073622", "title": "Women's panel meet focuses on gender exploitation", "text": "RANCHI: Violence against women and their exploitation remained the topic of discussion on the first day of the two-day All India Progressive Women's Association (AIPWA) meet on Wednesday.AIPWA secretary-general Meena Tiwari said, \"Violence against women is increasing everyday and government policies too are also not in favour of women.\" Referring to the recent case of Rupam Pathak, who was convicted and sentenced for life for killing Bihar MLA Raj Kishore Keshri, Tiwari said, \"Even the courts which are said to be the protector of rights have pronounced a decision against women. What happened with Rupam was really disappointing and she should not have been sentenced to life imprisonment.\"The main topic of discussion on the first day of the two-day meet was exploitation of women in government programs like anganvadi and mid-day meal. AIPWA national secretary Kavita Krishnan said, \"Women toiling under government programs in the villages are made to work like bonded labourers and not given proper salary. Our aim is to fight for their rights and provide them what they deserve.\"Human trafficking, female foeticide, honour killing and other sensitive issues were discussed on the first day of the meeting which continued till 10 at night. \"We have called this meeting to discuss our progress in favour of women and how to strengthen our fight against the government\", said Krishnan.Women representatives from more than ten states of the country, including Jharkhand, Bihar, West Bengal, Assam and Tamil Nadu were also present in the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13076285", "title": "Condition of injured Arjun Munda and his wife stable: Doctors", "text": "RANCHI: The condition of Jharkhand chief minister Arjun Munda , his wife and four others, who suffered injuries when a helicopter carrying them crash-landed at the airport here, is stable, doctors attending on them said on Thursday.\"The condition of the CM and others is stable and improving. We will issue another medical bulletin later in the day,\" Apollo Hospital superintendent P D Sinha said.\"The doctors are following trauma protocol,\" he said.CT scan reports of all patients were found normal.44-year-old Munda suffered multiple injuries, including fracture in his right-ankle and scratches on his left hand when the helicopter carrying him, his wife and four others crash-landed at the Birsa Munda Airport here on Wednesday.The condition of his wife, Meera and two pilots, J P S Kaushik and Vipul Kumar Singh, who suffered fractures was also stable, he added.Munda's security officer Manoj Singh suffered injury in Lumbar Vertebrae, but is normal now, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13075414", "title": "Sexual harassment charge against orphanage secy", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Inmates and staff of Manoj Manjari Sishu Bhawan, an orphanage in Keonjhar, on Wednesday brought allegations of sexual harassment, physical torture and misappropriation of funds against the secretary of the institute. They lodged a complaint with the State Commission for Women and have also written to the state government.\"The secretary of the institution made sexual advances towards me. He also asked me to go out of the town with him. When I refused he abused me in filthy language and sacked me,\" said Sasmita Bharti, a house mother of the orphanage.She said four women staff have been sacked in the last couple of months without any valid reason. The employess of the bhawan staged a dharna in front of the institute on May 2 and joined work following the assurance of the additional district magistrate.\"It has become difficult for women to work in the institute because of the atrocities of the secretary. We informed the collector, district social welfare officer and police about it. When no action was taken we decided to lodge a complaint with the State Commission for Women,\" said Parbati Jena, another employee. \"The same secretary was dismissed by collector following an enquiry into alleged physical torture of inmates in 2008. But using his power he joined the institute again last year,\" said Jena.The inmates also alleged that the authorities are providing substandard food and torturing them. Refuting the allegations, secretary of the Shishu Bhawan S N Mishra said that those were false and baseless. \"It is a conspiracy against me. These staff are on temporary basis for short term and their jobs are extended if their work is satisfactory. Since these employees neglected their duties their terms were not extended following which they brought such allegations against me. I am also urging the State Commission for Women to conduct an enquiry into the case.\"Chairperson of state commission for women Jyoti Panigrahi said, \"I received the petition filed by the inmates and staff of the institute. We would make a field visit and conduct an enquiry if required.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "balangir", "code": "13075455", "title": "Slain cop forced to venture into Red area: Widow", "text": "BALANGIR: The widow of slain Nuapada policeman, Kruparam Majhi, on Wednesday alleged that a senior officer had compelled her husband to go to a Maoist-affected area resulting in his death. The 44-year-old assistant sub-inspector was kidnapped and then shot dead by a group of Maoists while escorting a water tanker to a CRPF camp near Dharambandha in Sunabeda sanctuary on Tuesday.\"I have heard that my husband was forced by his boss to go with the water tanker for the CRPF. It was a Maoist den and he along with a constable ventured into it without precautions,\" said Yogeswari Majhi.The Nuapada SP, Umashankar Das, rubbished the allegation. \"She is grief-stricken and shocked at this moment. It is natural on her part to allege this so as it is an irreparable loss. But every care is being taken for the safety of policemen,\" the SP said.The martyr was accorded a guard of honour at the Reserve Police Lines in Nuapada. His last rites were performed with full state honour at his native village of Beltukri, about 20 km from the district headquarters town, police sources said.Around 2,000 villagers were present at the funeral. IG (operation) Arun Sarangi, SOG commandant Amitendranath Sinha and DIG (South-west range) Soumendra Priyadarshi were also present. They also handed over a cheque of Rs 8 lakh to Majhi's widow.Majhi is survived by his wife, four daughters and his mother. His eldest daughter is 14 years old. Majhi was the only job holder in his family with his three brothers doing seasonal cultivation.Meanwhile the villagers have demanded a memorial in the name of Kruparam in the village. They also demanded that state government should bear the educational expenses of four daughters of Majhi till they are capable of standing on their own.Also on Wednesday, CRPF and Special Operation Group personnel launched a combing operation in Nuapada district.The DIG said the operations were concentrated around Sunabeda Sanctuary bordering Chhatisgarh where Majhi's body was found with three gunshot wounds on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13072527", "title": "Chennai lack a finisher: Andy Bichel", "text": "JAIPUR: For once, Team Chennai are looking jittery and bowling coach Andy Bichel believes that the absence of a finisher has cost them dear in IPL 5 so far.Talking to the reporters on Wednesday, the former Australian pacer said, \"The boys have had good starts but what has bothered us is the lack of a finisher. The Sehwags and the Gambhirs have not only scored runs, but they have also finished games for their side. Even, Kevin Pietersen has done that.\"We didn't have anyone to finish the games. As a unit, we have failed to seal games. It would definitely be a challenge for the batsmen, and even the bowlers need to do well. If we are a bit more consistent, we can do it.\"He also admitted that the absence of Michael Hussey in the first half of the League has been a crucial factor for MS Dhoni's team. \"Last season, Hussey played a key role for us. But this time, we have got him a bit late. Look at what Shane Watson is doing for Rajasthan. They are professional players, and their inclusion does make a big difference. For Rajasthan, even Owais Shah and Brad Hodge have done their job. well. We missed Hussey, both on and off the field.\"Talking about Watson, Bichel said that they don't have any special strategies to restrict him on Thursday when the two teams meet. \"Shane has really played well in the last twelve months, and his presence is definitely a boost for Rajasthan. But there isn't any set strategy. It's up to the bowlers to execute the plans well and try to put things our way,\" Bichel remarked.The bowling coach also indicated that Doug Bollinger would be available for the crucial tie. \"Doug was injured in the middle of the tournament, but now he has recovered. He's picking up his game quickly. He will definitely be considered for selection on Thursday.\"Asked about his expectations from the mega clash, Bichel said his team had a fair chance of bouncing back. \"Players need to bounce back as individuals, and it will be a test of their characters. But it's going to be tough.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13078020", "title": "Vanya Mishra wants to eradicate female foeticide", "text": "Miss India World Vanya Mishra is taking her win seriously and says she wants to eradicate female foeticide and infanticide across the country. She also recently walked the ramp to celebrate womanhood .Reportedly, she feels earlier, she was just a known face in her college and city, but now after the win she is a global face, and she wants to use her power to help eradicate female foeticide and infanticide from the country.The other Miss Indias who walked the ramp to celebrate womanhood were Prachi Mishra (Miss India Earth 2012) and Rochelle Maria Rao (Miss India International 2012).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13073215", "title": "Fraudsters held for floating fake NGO", "text": "KOLKATA: Two fraudsters, including a woman, were arrested on Tuesday for duping people of nearly Rs 7 lakh, by floating a fake NGO. They were produced in court on Wednesday and remanded in police custody for further investigation. Police suspect they are part of a larger racket.The accused were identified as Monojit Biswas and Silpi Dhar.They were rounded up after Seema Dey, a resident of Amherst Street, lodged a complaint against them for duping her, which stated that Monojit and Silpi approached her posing as members of a foreign-funded missionary.Police said Seema Dey, a resident of Amherst Street, lodged a complaint against the fraudsters. According to the complaint,a young man, Monojit Biswas, and a young woman, Silpi Dhar, approached Seema posing as members of a foreign-funded missionary trust. The fraudsters reportedly told her that being a member of the organization will entail free schooling for children and free treatment for the family. if someone became a member of their organization, then the children of the family will be given free education in good convent schools and the family members will get to avail to free treatment at super speciality hospitals.Two fraudsters who were duping people by floating an NGO have been arrested by the police from Amherst Street on Tuesday. Police said, Seema Dey, a resident of Amherst Street area lodged complaint with police against duo. According to the complaint, a youth and another young woman approached Dey as a member of a foreign funded missionary trust. The scamsters reportedly told that if someone takes membership of the organization then the children of the family will be provided free schooling in reputed convent schools and family members will get chance of free treatment at their super specialty hospitals.Lured by the offer, several people including several people including Seema paid between Rs 1500 and Rs 2000 as membership fee and later realized they were duped. The complainant also tried to track the organization, failing which she lodged a complaint with police.Police rounded up Monojit from Belur in Howrah. His interrogation led police to nab Silpi from Titagarh in North 24-Parganas. Probe revealed that Monojit and Silpi had swindled close Rs 7 lakh. from a few hundred people.Police suspect they are part of a larger racket and are looking for the other members.Lured by the lucrative offers, several people like Seema Dey, across the city paid Rs 1500-2000 as membership fees and later they realized that all of them were duped. Dey herself failed to track the organization and lodged the complaint. Following the complaint police rounded up Monojit Biswas from Belur in Howrah and his interrogation led cops to Silpi Dhar who stays at Titagarh in north 24 Paraganas. Probe revealed that duo have already swindled Rs 7 -lakh in this way from a few hundred people. Duo were produced before the court on Wednesday and were renmanded to police custody for further investigation. Police suspect duo are part of a larger racket and cops are looking for the other members of the racket who are active for past few months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "dugrii", "code": "13073323", "title": "Wasteland to park: It wasn't a tough row to hoe for them", "text": "DUGRIi: With the green belt in their area lying neglected, the residents of Dugri, Phase II, joined hands to give it a facelift.From collecting money for its upkeep to cleaning it, they did it all. And soon, their efforts bore fruits in the form of a green and clean park.\"I hail from Jamshedpur, which is a clean and green place. That's why, I love greenery. Though our locality had a park, it was lying in a shambles. We felt the need for a green space, a place where we can stroll, sit and spend some leisure moments. And so, we decided to maintain it in 2009,'' said Kamaljit Matharoo, 60, a home-maker.\"We did not seek the municipal corporation's help, but started maintaining it on our own. All the residents joined hands and collected money. We then got the park cleaned and bought plants,'' Parvinder Kaur, 56, also a home-maker, said.\"The kind of energy everyone pumped into the effort was amazing. We did not leave any stone unturned. And today, a wasteland wears a green and blooming look,'' she preened.Baljeet Kaur, 63, said the area residents have set an example for others as well as the civic body. \"Now, even MC is helping us with funds, it is even sending gardeners,'' she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "13078500", "title": "My son is in love with cricket: Sachin Tendulkar", "text": "NEW YORK: Cricket legend Sachin Tendulkar says his 11-year old son Arjun is in \"love\" with cricket, which 'starts from heart and then travel up to brain when you grow up'.Tendulkar said it was his son's own choice to start playing cricket and nobody forced him into the game. He wants Arjun to enjoy being on the field instead of thinking about the number of hours he has practised.\"As long as he is in love with cricket, it's fine. Then you don't look at your watch or count the number of hours you've practiced. It's the sheer joy and satisfaction of being on the field. And that's what I want [for him].\"I believe cricket starts from your heart and then it travels up to your brain as you grow older. First you have to be in love with the game, and my son is in love with cricket,\" Tendulkar said in an interview to 'Time' magazine.Tendulkar said it is \"unfortunate\" that he cannot take his kids out for normal things like evening walks, so he looks forward to holidays with his family.\"In Mumbai, if I had to go out and be a normal father, it's not possible. We go on holidays and that is the time when I look to spend as much time with them as possible.\"He said he plays with his son in Mumbai in a \"controlled environment.\"Tendulkar said he has passed on to his children the advice his father gave him that 'while cricket would be temporary in their lives, they should always try and be good people. So try and be a good person'. People will appreciate that even after you've stopped playing. I try and tell my children the same thing.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13077544", "title": "Rajya Sabha adjourned briefly over gas leakage complaint", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rajya Sabha was adjourned for 15 minutes as several members complained of leakage of some kind of gas in the House.The incident happened at around 11.30 am during Question Hour when a Congress member pointed out that there was a leakage of gas.Soon other members made a similar complaint. Chairman Hamid Ansari then adjourned the House for 15 minutes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13072687", "title": "Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation readies monsoon action plan", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Ahead of the monsoons, the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) will carry out major clean up drives in seven major lakes of the city. Another focus in the monsoon action plan is to conduct a performance audit of all catch pit cleaning activities in every zone.Apart from this, the contractors involved in major construction works along the BRTS corridor have been asked to pull up their socks and complete their works within the set deadlines. The municipal commissioner Guruprasad Mohapatra also reviewed preparations like the number of dewatering machines available with the AMC.Mohapatra also examined the monsooon action plan of the health department. To prevent flooding in vulnerable areas of the city, the AMC has drawn a detailed list of 24-odd drainage pumping stations whose capacities will be augmented by the water supply and drainage department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13073248", "title": "State Human Rights Commission seeks report from CBI", "text": "HYDERABAD: A city-based lawyer on Wednesday approached the State Human Rights Commission expressing concern over the future of the employees of Sakshi daily whose bank accounts were frozen by CBI on Tuesday. In his petition, high court lawyer P N Arun Kumar stated that the employees of the group should not be made victims of any 'conspiracy' and demanded de-freezing of accounts.\"What the CBI has done is a clear violation of human rights. Due to this action the life of many has been affected. Right from reporters to hawkers who help in selling the paper, all are worried about their future. They would be in a financial mess if they do not receive salaries even for a month,\" the petitioner stated. Admitting the case, the commission directed the CBI joint director and the state commissioner of labour to submit a detailed report by June 6.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "13073835", "title": "Man killed over property dispute", "text": "TRICHY: A dispute over the ownership of land cost the life of a person in Trichy on Wednesday. The victim, Palanisamy (48) was hacked to death at Udayanpatti in K K Nagar, Trichy around 2.30 pm. Police said the murder was allegedly committed by two of his enemies Kanagaraj (54) and Rengasamy (48), who jointly claimed that they had bought the disputed land from someone else.Meanwhile, police arrested Kanagaraj, the prime accused late on Wednesday night. City police commissioner Shailesh Kumar Yadav who visited the scene of crime told TOI that four other persons had been secured by the police and investigations are on. However, sections were not slapped against them.Preliminary investigations revealed that of the total 9.5 acre, five acres were patta-holding while the rest was poromboke. Both the parties had earlier complained to the anti-land grab cell, but the inspector in charge refused to entertain the complaint on the grounds that it was a civil dispute and it could not be interpreted as land-grab. The parties then approached the civil court where a case was pending, said DCP Ramaiyyan.Police said that Palanisamy had told the accused that the land belonged to him and hence they should stay away from it. On Wednesday, the accused along with some men went to the spot and began clearing the bushes. Getting wind of this, Palanisamy drove to the disputed site alone and picked up a quarrel with them. When the quarrel reached a point beyond control, Kanagaraj's men hacked Palanisamy to death.Yadav said that both the parties laid claim over the property, which is said to be valued at Rs five crore. He also said that three teams have been formed to investigate the case from various angles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13075364", "title": "Techies feel at home in filmmaking", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: They are software engineers by profession, but filmmaking fascinates them. They have already made four short films, all dealing with human psychology. While their latest effort, 'Boba Mukhosh' is already earning laurels, their next venture, 'Home is where you feel at home', will be out soon.It all started in the summer of 2010, when about 10 software engineers from Infosys , Bhubaneswar, who all had a penchant for filmmaking, came together and decided to produce a short film, 'Maarifa'. (Maarifa is the Arabian term for Nirvana ) Since then, they have not looked back.The group's latest effort, 'Boba Mukhosh', which shows the psychological journey of a schizophrenic person, will be screened in film festivals at Ladakh, Kerala, Seattle in USA and Budapest in Hungary later this year.Talkinmg about the film, Amartya Bhattacharya, its writer, director and actor said, \"You can call it a psycho film as it deals with the psychology of a mentally unstable person, his imaginations and hallucinations. The whole film is not based on a story but on a poem.\"The 25-minute duration film has two characters, the protagonist and his muse. While three songs of Rabindranath Tagore have been used to describe the goings-on in the protagonist's mind, Amartya's intelligent editing has enriched the storyline.The group's other films include 'Safar', based on a dream and 'For thy honour Julius', the story of a theatre group. \"All the scripts are written by Amartya. Two of them are produced with the help of our own pocket money, and for the other two, we could manage to find producers. Finance and time are two major obstacles for which most of our films are shot set in and around Bhubaneswar and Kolkata,\" said Amartya.Swastik Chaudhury, his colleague, actor and executive manager in the films, said, \"Being software engineers, it is difficult to find time for filmmaking. We shoot even in early hours and late nights, during lunch breaks and weekly off days.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13072714", "title": "Fisheries station has no boats to help fishermen in distress", "text": "KOZHIKODE: They are supposed to patrol the high seas and rescue fishermen in distress but have no boats to do their job. This is the fate of the fisheries station in Beypore, where the officials have been forced to rely on rented boats.With an eye on the monsoon season, the department officials have now invited applications from private boat owners to rent their boats for rescue operations. For the officials of the station, the experience is nothing new. They have been operating on rented boats for over four years mainly because the boats provided by the fisheries department are unfit to be taken to the waters.\"Two boats owned by the department were destroyed as no fund was allotted for servicing the vessels. Both of them were auctioned off to Steel Industries Kerala Limited,\" an official at the station said. Apart from using the rented boats to enforce the trawling ban, the officials use the rented ones even for day-to-day use such as sea inspections and other rescue-related works. Insufficient number of patrolling boats has also hampered steps to protect the interest of traditional fishermen and the regulation of fishing on the scientific lines.Though the station hires three mechanized boats and one country boat during the trawling ban, these boats are no match to the high speed boats used by the law violators, an official said.This year too all the four rented boats will be used from June 15 to July 31 (period of Trawl ban). The absence of speed boats and interceptors has also affected rescue operations. Often we are forced to seek the support of coast guard or the navy to carry out rescue operations in the sea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13073290", "title": "Office space has no takers, builders bank on housing", "text": "CHENNAI: South India houses close to half of the country's office space. But with office vacancy rate inching higher, real estate developers in the south are eyeing the residential space for sure returns.In Chennai alone, there is more than 30% office space vacancy in peripheral areas such as Old Mahabalipuram Road (beyond Perungudi) and GST Road (beyond Perungalathur). In suburban areas (Guindy, Perungudi, Taramani, Ambattur), the vacancy rate is more than 16%, while off-Central business district locations have a 9% office vacancy rate, according to real estate consulting firm Cushman &amp; Wakefield.Real estate consultants define central business district (CBD) as arterial roads stretching 2km from the Anna flyover like Nungambakkam, RK Salai and Anna Salai. Off-CBD areas include places such as Guindy, Velachery and Anna Nagar, which come after CBD.\"People will come to Chennai to build residential projects as there is an oversupply in office space,\" real estate developer Navin's MD R Kumar said.The supply of office space in southern cities has been more or less met for the medium term, according to a report from global real estate consulting firm Jones Lang LaSalle . The report said the cities have chosen a strategy of pursuing selective quality development over rapid expansion. Peripheral areas - beyond Perungudi and Perungalathur - are expected to see further decline in demand and rise in supply. Slow infrastructure development is the key problem that bog down demand there, say experts.Most builders are confident about the south Indian housing market, especially Chennai. With demand rising, the sell-outs are working as planned, they say. \"Private equity players and new entrants are more interested in Chennai as sales happen as per plan,\" said S Vasudevan, CEO, Embassy Group. Diversified company Archean Group has chalked out plans to build their first residential project in Chennai. The company is looking at a high-end, high-rise residential apartment complex in OMR, touted to be one of tallest buildings in the city.Generally, south India's residential market follows the affordability mantra, with more than 80% of the new launches in the past two years being priced under Rs 4,000 per square feet.As a result, the residential markets of south Indian cities have remained resilient in the past few quarters, the LaSalle report added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "13075402", "title": "Matric answer sheet goof up in Bargarh dist", "text": "SAMBALPUR: The matriculation examination is embroiled in a new controvery with teachers of George High School in Bargarh coming across answer sheets of the English paper that was cancelled. The wrong answer sheets had come for evaluation. \"We raised objection when we found answer papers of the old question that was already cancelled by the board. There is no logic in sending this answer paper to the valuation centre,\" a teacher engaged in the valuation work said on Wednesday.The Board of Secondary Education had rescheduled the examination for English and left over papers following the question paper leak of English. According to the teachers, most answer papers distributed for valuation on Wednesday were from the cancelled question paper. They however said they separated these answer sheets and sent it back to the board.Admitting to the fault, the circle inspector of schools (Sambalpur) said the mistake was unintentional. \"It happened because the English examination was already over when the board cancelled it. So answer sheets of that subject were sent to the board by some schools,\" Sambalpur CI of schools Sangram Sahu said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "13075433", "title": "Ex-judge, family held for murder bid on pregnant woman", "text": "CUTTACK: Four persons, including a retired judge, his wife and son were arrested on Wednesday for allegedly attempting to kill a pregnant woman, who was rescued in a critical condition from under the Mahanadi river barrage at Jobra on Tuesday.The former additional district judge Samir Kumar Ray, wife Gitika and son Satyabrata Ray were sent to judicial custody following rejection of their bail pleas. The fourth accused Prasant Das alias Papina, an electrician, allegedly helped the ex-judge's family to hire some contract killers, who are on the run.The victim, who was a maid at the ex-judge's house in Bhubaneswar, is now battling for life at SCB Medical College and Hospital here. \"The family allegedly tried to kill her because she became pregnant after developing physical relationship with Satyabrata,\" Cuttack DCP S Praveen Kumar told mediapersons. Satyabrat is a law graduate, sources said.The woman had told the media that Satyabrata had married her and the family had been forcing her to abort. But the ex-judge's family rubbished the charge on Tuesday. Trouble erupted after Satyabrata's marriage was fixed with another girl recently. Sources said the family first took the woman to a popular nursing home for abortion, but they were turned away by the hospital staff. She was then taken to a clinic in Cuttack.\"When the second attempt failed to yield result, the Rays hatched the plan to kill her as she could have posed a threat to Satyabrata's new relationship. They hired contract killers with the help of the electrician,\" another police officer said.DCP Kumar said, \"During investigation we found that the Ray family had paid Rs 3.5 lakh to the contract killers. We are trying to trace them.\"The woman from Nayagarh's Odagaon was thrown off the Mahanadi river barrage with her hands and legs tied. She was rescued by locals and admitted to SCB.The woman had sustained critical injuries in the head and chest. Earlier in the day, chairperson of state commission for women (SCW) Jyoti Panigrahi met her at SCB and assured that she will get justice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13074375", "title": "Cabinet may consider accreditation bill today", "text": "NEW DELHI: A crucial bill that makes it mandatory for every higher educational institute (except agricultural institutes) and every course to be accredited by an independent agency is likely to come up in the Union Cabinet on Thursday. The bill, if passed, will give students an assessment of the college and course that they are applying for.The much delayed 'Universities of Innovation bill' that aims to establish varsities that will encourage superlative academic quality and research output could also come before the Cabinet.The 'National Accreditation Regulatory Authority for Higher Educational Institutions Bill' will establish a statutory authority that will assess and accredit an institute on the basis of the course, faculty and infrastructure.The bill, moved by the HRD ministry, has seen certain changes in its provisions after a parliamentary committee suggested that the number of members in the authority be increased from four to eight. The educational institutes will have to accredited within six years while the process of assessment and accreditation was split, officials said.Assessment and accreditation in higher education will be done through an informed external review process keeping in view effective means of quality assurance to provide a common frame of reference for students and others to obtain credible information on academic quality across institutions. This is likely to assist in student mobility across institutions, domestic as well as international.Presently, accreditation is voluntary as a result of which less than one-fifth of the colleges and less than one-third of all universities have obtained accreditation. Mandatory accreditation will enable the higher education system in the country to become part of the global quality assurance system.The authority set up under the proposed legislation will be headed by an academic of national importance instead of the cabinet secretary as proposed earlier.The ministry expects that accreditation will find acceptability among peer group of international accreditation bodies, necessary for student and teacher mobility and institutional collaborations, within and across borders.The universities of innovation bill will be set up either by the government or private entities or through public partnerships and offer unmatched academic freedom. The bill will allow existing varsities to upgrade to innovation university status if they adhere to required standards.The target of setting up 14 such varsities has been dropped on grounds of non-feasibility and the argument that even a few of them will help serve the purpose of fostering a research eco-system, as aimed. While the bill, when it first went to Cabinet earlier this year, ran into trouble with 20 ministries/departments raising red flags over a range of issues, the legislation has passed muster after being vetted by a committee of secretaries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13074127", "title": "Aamir meets chief minister, seeks government help for speedy trial in feticide cases", "text": "JAIPUR: Actor Aamir Khan, who has started a television show to highlight the country's select social issues, said on Wednesday that he was not an activist and preferred to remain an entertainer. He mentioned about highlighting 13 different social issues in the coming days but refused to disclose what these issues would be.The actor highlighted the issue of female feticide in the first episode of his show with an emphasis on the menace being prevalent in Rajasthan. The actor met chief minister Ashok Gehlot on Wednesday to seek the state government's assistance in checking the evil by ensuring speedy court trials of criminal cases pending against people, especially the doctors, accused of committing female feticide.\"I requested the chief minister to see if a single fast-track court could be created to try all cases related to female feticide. Ashokji has assured me that he would speak to the chief justice (of the high court) in this regard,\" Khan told reporters at a press conference.Addressing the reporters jointly with Khan, Gehlot said, \"I have held a discussion with the officials to examine if all female feticide cases can be tried at one place.\" He also talked about seeking a meeting with Chief Justice Arun Mishra in this regard.Khan, on being asked if he would continue the fight against female feticide since his show has evoked considerable response from people across the country, replied: \"No, I don't see myself as an activist. It's not my passion or even interest. I like to entertain people and as an entertainer, can tell people (about social issues) in different ways with a hope to bring a change (in the society).\" The film star mentioned about his acclaimed move \"Tare Zamin Par\". \"If parents have begun to see their children in a different way after watching this movie, there is no need to do more,\" Khan reasoned.Chief minister Gehlot appreciated the actor's efforts and assured government's assistance in bringing the culprits of female feticide to justice. Talking about the delay in trial of cases registered after a news channel's sting operation carried seven years ago, the chief minister said, \"There was a different government then.\" Gehlot added, \"I have held a discussion with the officials to examine if all female feticide cases can be tried at one place.\"Khan said social evils could be checked only if the people decide to change themselves. \"We need to ask ourselves if we want to change because crime is planned at home. The change starts with us, we need to think like that,\" said Khan. He added, \"Indians are good hearted people and we can solve our issues. That is why we have started this programme (Satyamev Jayate).\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13074453", "title": "Schools wary of expenditure for extra facilities", "text": "MYSORE: Though the government has proposed to reimburse 11,848 for a child joining Class I under the Right to Education Act (RTE), unaided school authorities in the city are a worried lot.Many school authorities say apart from conducting regular classes, the existing non-RTE quota students are charged additional fees to provide extra academic facilities. School authorities are confused as there is no clarity on how much the government will spend for providing additional facilities to RTE quota students.Adhyayan School principal Parvathi Devi told TOI that most of the parents insist and expect additional facilities like smart class where students learn the difficult and abstract curriculum concepts by watching visualized animations.\"If the government is not ready to spend sufficient money for RTE quota students, how can the schools provide them with additional facilities? If schools are not providing all the facilities to RTE quote students, it would be unjustifiable,\" she said.Stating that providing additional facilities to RTE quota students is an extra burden on private schools, Sharada Public school director S Ramanathan said: \"Some schools are planning to file a review petition in the court with respect to the implementation of RTE.\"\"We have to provide uniforms, books and spend money to take all the children, including RTE quota students, for study tours. Schools need one-year time to make sure whether it can provide all the academic facilities to RTE quota students depending on the number of children in each school,\" said Ramnathan. Oxford School director S Nagesh said the increasing fees to non-RTE quota students may become inevitable in the coming years.\"For instance, we charge extra fees and conduct music classes for students in our school. To conduct the same for quota students, we may have to charge extra fees from non-RTE students,\" said Nagesh. He also wanted the government to considering these issues and find a solution for the smooth academic services in unaided schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13074859", "title": "25% of Central schemes named after Rajiv Gandhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: At least 25% of Central schemes are named after late PM Rajiv Gandhi. Planning Commission data suggests that government runs 58 schemes named after eminent people, MoS for Planning Ashwani Kumar said in a written reply to Lok Sabha. Of these, 16 schemes bear Gandhi's name like Rajiv Awaas Yojana, Rajiv Gandhi Udyami Mitra Yojana, Rajiv Gandhi Panchayat Shashaktikaran Abhiyan, Rajiv Gandhi Grameen Vidyutikaran Yojana, Rajiv Gandhi National Fellowships for ST students etc.Eight schemes are named after late PM Indira Gandhi such as Indira Gandhi Matritva Sahyog Yojana, Indira Awaas Yojana, Indira Gandhi National Old Age Pension Scheme.There is one institute named after former PM and BJP leader Atal Bihari Vajpayee. And, two schemes were named after BJP stalwart Deen Dayal Upadhyaya of which one Deen Dayal Hathkargha Yojana was continued till the 10th Plan.Schemes are also named after Mahatma Gandhi , Jawaharlal Nehru , Swami Vivekananda, Rabindranath Tagore, Raja Ram Mohan Roy, B R Ambedkar, Zakir Hussain , Lal Bahadur Shastri , Maulana Abdul Kalam Azad, Maharishi Sandipini, Khuda Bakhsh, the minister said.Babu Jagjivan Ram, Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, Rani Laxmibai, Kasturba Gandhi, Ghani Khan Choudhary, Sant Longowal, Pandit Dwarka Prasad Mishra, Satyajit Ray too figure in the list, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13074766", "title": "Raids at Tamil Nadu Agriculture University VC\u2019s office, homes", "text": "COIMBATORE: Directorate of Vigilance and Anti-Corruption (DVAC) officials raided the office and residence of the vice-chancellor of Tamil Nadu Agriculture University (TNAU) and the registrar's office in Coimbatore on Wednesday in connection with alleged malpractices in the purchase of cane harvesters by the university.The officials filed an FIR against TNAU VC P Murugesa Boopathi and K R Ananthasainam, managing director of Elseetee Agro Machineries India Private Limited, after day-long raids at seven premises in the city. According to the FIR, Boopathi and Ananthasainam were involved in a criminal conspiracy that enabled the Coimbatore-based company sell four defective sugarcane harvesters at inflated prices and flouting procedures in the last academic year. The duo has been booked under section 120 (B) (criminal conspiracy), 420 (cheating and dishonestly inducing delivery of property), 13(2), 13 (1) (d) of prevention of corruption act, 1988.According to a press note issued by DVAC officials on Wednesday, TNAU purchased a sugarcane harvester on March 25, 2010 for Rs 1.41 crore from Elseetee Agro Machineries India Private Limited. The machine had several defects that were noticed during a demonstration attended by the vice chancellor. The defects were not rectified. Yet, the VC placed a proposal for the purchase of four more harvesters before the TNAU board without revealing that the first machine was defective. Orders for fresh purchases were placed with the same firm at the same rate without taking concurrence of the board and without putting any condition for rectifying defects noticed during the previous purchase, according to DVAC.DVAC has concluded that Boopathi misused his official position by overruling TNAU authorities and deliberately misinforming them that the board had approved the repeat orders. The TNAU board comprises of 17 members including the VC as its chairman and secretary, Agriculture Department, registrar of the university, commissioner of agriculture department, director of horticulture, chief engineer of agriculture engineering department and a few non-officials as its members. The board is similar to university senate, syndicate or purchasing committee and has the power to take final decision in matters pertaining to university matters.Boopathi released funds on October 2, 2010, and awarded fresh purchase order on October 6, 2010 to the same firm. However, the university officials claimed that they were not aware of the exact course of action taken by the vice-chancellor in the matter. Boopathi could not be reached for comment.DVAC has claimed that the same firm had imported the machines and supplied to a few private companies at Rs 71 lakh per machine, which is almost half the price of the harvester sold to TNAU. However, Ananthasainam, MD of Elseetee Agro Machineries India Private Limited, denied the allegations of inflated prices and claimed that the cheaper machines were of a different grade and not on par with the equipment supplied to TNAU. He also added that vigilance officials were only considering the market price of the equipment and have ignored to take into consideration the import duty which came to around Rs 20 lakh. The cost of installation and transportation charges are also not being taken into consideration, he added.\"We did not indulge in any misappropriation in the supply of these equipments. We did not deviate from any of the norms in the tender floated by the university for procuring the equipment,\" Ananthasainam added. DVAC sleuths also raided Boopathi residence in Chennai besides the office of the dean of Agricultural Engineering College and Research Institute, Coimbatore, office of the professor and head of Agricultural Machinery Research Centre at the TNAU campus, office of the Elseetee Agro Machineries India Private Limited in Neelikonampalayam and the residence of the firm's managing director at Race Course in the city were raided by the sleuths.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13072478", "title": "Special court rejects plea by Talwars for all documents", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rajesh and Nupur Talwar will now face trial in the double murder case of their daughter Aarushi and domestic help Hemraj. The trial will begin from Friday at a sessions court here.Special judicial magistrate Preeti Singh committed the case to the court of district and sessions judge Bharat Bhushan, saying she did not have the requisite power under the Criminal Procedure Code to hold the trial of a murder case.Opposing Talwars' plea for supply of all the prosecution documents to them, the CBI said all relevant documents had been supplied to them and as per a Supreme Court ruling, they were not entitled to all documents filed by CBI in the court. CBI counsel R K Saini said, \"the agency had examined a total of 153 witnesses and statements of 90 out of them have already been given to Talwars, besides the 23 photographs on which the agency is relying for their prosecution\". Agency officials said under Section 161 CrPC, statements of all witnesses could not be given to the Talwars. A senior official said, \"there are some documents which are in sealed covers and these can be opened by either court or experts. The investigating officer cannot open them. The narco-analysis reports of the three servants, Rajkumar, Krishna and Vijay Mandal, are not admissible\".\"They (Talwars) are trying to delay the trial,\" Saini told the court. Both Nupur and Rajesh were present during the hearing and Nupur was later taken to Dasna jail.Additional district and sessions judge Shyam Lal had on May 2 denied bail to Nupur, saying \"there was prima facie evidence to suggest the involvement of the accused\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13074682", "title": "Government move on low cost houses for poor opposed", "text": "NAGPUR: The urban development department's new proposal to provide low cost housing to poor on private land across the state has attracted criticism from land developers in the city. In January this year, following directions from the Central government, the state government issued a notification proposing to make compulsory reservation of 20% on private apartment schemes coming up on 2,000 sq mt or more plot.It stipulates minimum 20% area should be provided in the form of 30 to 50 sq mt developed plots or tenements for economic weaker section (EWS) or Lower Income Group (LIG). The developer should sell affordable tenements to Mhada at cost of construction of such tenements. To implement new proposal, the state government also amended the development control regulations ( DCR) for municipal corporations and Maharashtra Regional and Town Planning Act. Though the notification clarifies that if Mhada declines to purchase the tenements within three months, the builder could sell them in the open market.However, developers and builders in the city have criticised the move in a hearing convened at Nagpur division's town planning department at Old Secretariat building. Vidarbha Taxpayers Association too submitted their say at the hearing. VTA delegation submitted that State Government was passing off their basic duty on to the taxpayers. Citizens are paying taxes and it was the duty of the state government to provide affordable houses and plots for the poor.VTA also pointed out that the state government owned ample land lying idle and these could be used to provide housing to the poor. \"Moreover, 2,000 sq mtrs area was too small and only large players or landlords having area more than 40,000 sq mtrs or above should be brought under such rule,\" said VTA secretary Tejindersingh Renu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13072601", "title": "Education board cancels affiliation of seven schools in Gujarat", "text": "AHMEDABAD: For the first time in its history, the Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board ( GSHSEB) has taken action against 11 schools that failed to sent their teachers for answer sheet evaluation. In addition, the board has decided to conduct hearing for Shantvan High School afresh.On Wednesday, board secretary M I Joshi said that during the assessment of the board examination papers, the number of evaluators was much less than required and hence they decided to carry out a survey of the facilities of the schools. The intention was to find out whether the schools did not have adequate staff or they did but chose not send their teachers for the evaluation duty.A random survey of 12 such schools was taken up and a team of class II and Class III employees of the Rajkot district education office (DEO) were sent to there for checking. The team in its report pointed out that these schools did not have the required infrastructure or staff.A department official said that the team found that the schools had started additional classes without the prior approval of the board. Also it was revealed that these schools were not paying the salaries to their staff members through cheques.In addition, the schools did not maintain the register of the students or record of their attendance.The official added the team found that these schools did not have required number of teachers as per the norms.All these 12 schools were given showcause notices asking them why action should not be taken against them.Based on the reply given by these schools, the board has taken action against 11 schools. In the case of Shantvan School, the board has decided to conduct fresh hearing. After getting the findings, the board has decided to carry out checks at several such self-financed institutes to check the facilities provided by them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13072763", "title": "KWA to catch hold of water thieves", "text": "KOCHI: In an effort to plug its loss, the Kerala Water Authority (KWA) is all set to float a non-revenue water management wing (NRWM) in Kochi. NRWM's prime duty will be to catch water theft and minimize transmission loss.KWA authorities have asked its Kochi division to send the list of all major consumers in its limits. KWA plans to scrutinize the bills of all these consumers.According to sources, hospitals, ice factories, apartments and hotels are the major consumers who illegally tap water from the KWA pipeline.An executive engineer will head NRWM. The team will also have an assistant executive engineer, an assistant engineer, a head clerk, a UD clerk, overseers and meter readers in it.It will first assess consumption by non-domestic consumers, especial big firms and institutions which normally require more quantity of water.It will make the primary assessment by checking the storage facilities in these firms and institutions.Water is often stolen after tampering with the meters installed by the KWA.There are several cases where a consumer uses the meter installed by the KWA while reading is taken, and switches over to another meter once reading is completed.\"The water meters of these consumers will be sealed after checking. We will also make them sign an undertaking that they will be responsible for any damage to the seal. The seal will be made of copper in order to ensure that it does not get damaged easily,\" said a KWA official.The KWA has already bought several devices like state-of-the-art flow measure machines and leak detection machines. NRWM technicians will soon be trained on how to use these machines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13078063", "title": "New Faces, Old Shows!", "text": "The shows are the same, but the actors entering them are new. A quick update of what's happening on some of TV's much loved shows.Bigg Boss season 5 winner Juhi Parmar is set for a cameo on Sab TV's 'FIR'. Sources confirm that Juhi will make her appearance on the comedy show as the famous film actress Meera.The no.1 crime thriller show in the history of Indian Television, 'CID', has a surprise for its fans. The show will now be aired thrice a week on Sony TV. This means a bonus of an extra episode. It is also learnt that there will be new additions to the CID team. Two new officers will join the existing team of ACP Pradyuman, Senior Inspector Abhijit and Senior Inspector Daya. Janvi Chheda and Viineet Kumar are the names that have been roped in. What role and characters they play on the show is yet to be confirmed.Ram Awana will be seen on Sab TV's comedy show 'Gutur Gu' where he plays the role of a dacoit. Sources confirm that Ram's character as Chuttapan in Gutur Gu has been somewhat based on the ill-famed dacoit Veerappan. Sources further reveal that Balu's family will encounter Chuttapan when their trekking expedition goes all wrong and they end up in a barren surrounding. Viewers are promised a laugh riot with this one!Ankit Bathla has shot an episodic for Vikram Bhatt's 'Haunted Nights'. Aired on Sahara One, this episode is titled 'khauf' and will revolve around the story of four friends who are haunted by their past, as confirmed to sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13074083", "title": "CM okays new Mhada policy", "text": "MUMBAI: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Wednesday gave a green signal to the Maharashtra Housing and Area Development Authority (Mhada)'s new policy to jointly develop affordable houses with private players by giving them a higher FSI in lieu of transferring the ownership of land to the housing board.According to the new policy, land owners/developers will be given a higher share of the floor space index (FSI) of 2.5 if they jointly develop plots of 2,000 sq m with Mhada. Developers will now get 1.75 FSI instead of the usual 1. In return the private land will have to be transferred in Mhada's name and the developer will have to construct flats for Mhada from the latter's share of 0.75 FSI, for which, the housing body will pay at the prevailing construction cost.Developers though are not impressed, saying the offer is not lucrative. \"There are no issues of transferring land ownership to Mhada. But, why would I join hands with Mhada that is offering an FSI of 2.5? I would rather tie up with MMRDA that is offering a higher FSI of 4 for their rental schemes. Mhada should bring the FSI on par with MMRDA,\" said Rajendra Chaturvedi of Shreepati Developers.A land-starved Maharashtra Housing and Area Development Authority (Mhada) will soon invite proposals for joint ventures (JVs) from private players to generate affordable housing in Mumbai. Mhada has barely 50 acres in reserve in the city.The new policy received chief minister Prithviraj Chavan's nod on Wednesday. According to the new policy, land owners/developers will now get a higher share from the Floor Space Index (FSI) of 2.5 if they jointly develop plots of 2,000 sq m with Mhada. Instead of 1 FSI, the developers will get 1.75 FSI, but only if the private land is transferred in Mhada's name.In lieu of availing higher FSI, the developer will have to construct flats for Mhada from the latter's share of 0.75 FSI, for which, Mhada will pay at the prevailing construction cost.Mhada doesn't have much land left and it is not possible to buy at the prevailing high market rates. The only way out is to get into JV's,'' said Satish Gavai, Mhada vice-president. We had tried to implement a similar scheme earlier in 2009. But, as development control rules permit a higher FSI of 2.5 only on Mhada owned lands, municipal corporations refused to sanction the scheme as this lands were privately owned. This loophole will now be removed once the land is transferred in our name,'' Gavai added.Developers though are not impressed saying Mhada's offer is not lucrative.I do not forsee any issues of transferring land ownership to Mhada. But, why would I want to join hands with Mhada who is offering a FSI of 2.5? I would rather tie up with MMRDA who is offering a higher FSI of 4 for their rental schemes. If Mhada is keen on availing private land, they should bring the FSI on par with MMRDA,\" said Rajendra Chaturvedi of Shreepati Developers. Echoing a similar view, Pravin Doshi of Acme Group, said, Why should I transfer my land in Mhada's name? Even if we do not give our land to Mhada, development control rules permit us to consume a FSI of 2 including TDR of 1. What benefit would I get by agreeing to Mhada's proposal of 1.75 FSI.''Developers further pointed out that even if they develop the entire layout and hand overMhada's share of flats, the cost of construction given by Mhada is peanuts. Then comes the issue of mixing high end and affordable housing flats in the same layout. Why would I want to reduce the valuation of my property,'' developers pointed out.In 2009, the state housing board had given an in-principle nod for projects, spanning a total land bank of nearly 10 hectares, include one each by the Acme Group and the Ravi Group in Kandivli, one at Parel by Marathon Developers and three by Romell Developers, in Andheri (East), Borivli (West) and Eksar. There were two other in-principle nod for projects admeasuring over 100 acres, from Neptune and Shreepati Developers in Ambivli and Khalapur.Under an already existing affordable housing scheme under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission ( JNNURM), such joint ventures get Central funding up to Rs 60,000-1 lakh for each EWS or LIG tenement. \"However, to be eligible for the scheme, we will have to sell the flats at Rs 2 lakh or less, which is not possible in Mumbai. We have written to the Centre to increase the selling price limit for Mumbai so that we can avail of Central funds,\" said a Mhada official.To ensure the quality of the construction, MHADA will appoint a state level Project Management Committee (PMC). It will be mandatory on the developer to accept the PMC. The developer will have to further complete the project within two years.Mhada will also pay the amount meant for developing basic infrastructure like drainage, sanitation etc. The developer will have to construct these tenements meant for Mhada in the same building or separate will be decided as per the terms and conditions they have reached.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13073328", "title": "I was overlooked: Kevin O'Brien", "text": "CHENNAI: He smashed his way to a century, the fastest in a World Cup, and led his team to victory over England in the 2011 edition of cricket's biggest tournament. Since then, Ireland power-hitter Kevin O'Brien has remained special to many cricket fans. The cricketer, who was in the country recently to promote education in Ireland, chats with Chennai Times about the ongoing IPL season and Ireland's Indian link.You've not been picked by any of the franchisees for the ongoing IPL...Well, I was available for the auction but have gotten overlooked. I guess that's the reality of sport. It's probably because I hit form quite sometime before the auction and franchisees could have forgotten me; some players who performed well in the months leading to the IPL have been picked. I'm disappointed but have been following the matches whenever I can on television.Which team do you think will win this edition?Delhi has a great chance mainly because of their power players. They're the team to beat this season. But having said that, most teams have a good chance of making it to the playoffs. Team Chennai too does, despite a not-so-great run, if it can gather itself and play some good cricket. It's all about hitting form at the right time.Of the current lot, which young Indian cricketer do you think is most promising?There are many but just look at Virat Kohli! He's just excelled in most of the IPL seasons and is now playing at the highest level for India as well. He's reinventing other forms of the game as well due to his T-20 experience.Would you get a chance to explore India on this trip?Not really, as I've have a packed schedule. But, I'd love to. My girlfriend has a list of must-dos when we come to India, a trip we're planning soon. We've heard great things about the Taj Mahal and we'd like to go there. Also, I've heard of Kashmir as a beautiful place and want to go there as well.How important is an education backup for children who wish to become cricketers?It's not just in cricket; kids who are interested in any sport ought to have a sound educational backup. I have done a course in advertising and played cricket at that time as well. We're free to defer courses and take it up once the cricket season is done. Being a sportsman means that you've a small shelf-life and it's vital to plan what you'd do once your tryst with the game is over.You've just authored a book titled Six After Six...Yes. While it deals with my family's grounding in cricket and my childhood days, it mainly focusses on my experience of the match against England during the World Cup in March 2011.Bollywood's Ireland link...I just heard that the film unit of Ek Tha Tiger was in Ireland to shoot some segments. I've heard a lot about Bollywood and wish to understand how things work in the film industry in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13073179", "title": "Now, fertility experts pick \u2018best\u2019 sperm", "text": "CHENNAI: Fertility treatment just got better with city doctors handpicking the best sperm to be fused with the egg.Experts have improvised on intracytoplasmic sperm injection - a method in which a sperm is physically injected into an egg - to come up with the new technique of intracytoplasmic morphologically selected sperm injection (IMSI). The procedure involves use of powerful microscopes to look at and select the healthiest-looking sperm to improve the success rate of conception.After using the new technique on more than 900 couples, Chennai-based Prashanth Fertility Research Centre said it has boosted pregnancy rate of artificial insemination by 10%. \"Because we choose the best of sperms, the incidence of abortion has decreased,\" said fertility expert Dr Geetha Haripriya.On Wednesday, doctors at Prashanth Hospitals announced that a couple who had undergone IMSI had twin babies last week. The technique, they said, gives new hope for couple who had failed conventional fertility treatment.Men with fertility problems do not produce normal, healthy sperms that are capable of swift movement towards the egg. In such cases, ICSI, which stands for intracytoplasmic sperm injection, is the only way to produce an embryo. \"But even such procedures fail because sperm we select may not be completely healthy,\" said Dr Haripriya.In IMSI, after the microscope magnifies sperm 7,200 times, a computerized semen analysis picks up the best sperm to be fused with the most fertile eggs. Dr Haripriya feels IMSI is superior as it makes the selection process more stringent. After two to five days, the fused egg-sperm is injected into the uterus.Fertility expert Dr Priya Selvaraj said she did not see a major difference in success rates between the two procedures and would wait before applying IMSI on all couples. But Dr Geetha Haripriya says the success her clinic has seen encourages her to do so with all couples who have complaints of male infertility. Nearly 65% of infertile couple has male infertility. Patients opting for IMSI will have to pay 15,000 more than ICSI (which costs 1.5 lakh).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13076461", "title": "HCL Infosystems, Cisco team up to offer WebEx solutions", "text": "NEW DELHI: IT hardware and services company HCL Infosystems said it has partnered with networking giant Cisco to offer the latter's web and video conferencing platform to enterprise customers in the country.HCL will offer Cisco's 'WebEx' solutions through its distribution channel of 500 company-owned touch points as well as customers in over 4000 towns across the country, HCL Infosystems said in a statement.\"Our distribution reach, direct sales force and innovative solutions will lend the desired resources to enable Cisco WebEx to be accessible to SMEs, large corporates and government organisations anywhere in India,\" HCL Infosystems Vice-President Sales D Mohanty said in a statement.Cisco WebEx is a on-demand collaboration, online meeting, web and video conferencing platform.With this engagement, HCL Infosystems and Cisco aim to expand the market and tap into the growing need for B2B (business to business) and B2C (business to customer) collaboration tools and technologies, across the country.\"With HCL Infosystems as national partner, businesses of all sizes, located anywhere in the country can utilise these services to collaborate with their customers and partners and at the same time, address the changing needs of workspace collaboration,\" Cisco India and SAARC Head Partner Organisation B Raghavendran said.Cisco WebEx has over 6 million registered hosts' worldwide and an average of 7.6 million meetings hosted each month, the statement said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "13074449", "title": "Patole slams government over scholarship withdrawal", "text": "BHANDARA: \"The state and central government have been playing with the career of students from OBC, VJNT, SBC and NT segment, earlier by not paying the scholarship fees since last three years of the students opting for higher education and now by closing down the system due to paucity of funds. By doing this, Congress and its alliance parties are violating provisions of constitution,\" said BJP MLA Nana Patole, while addressing media person in Bhandara on Wednesday.Patole said that from the year 2001, state and central government had started providing scholarship to students OBC, NT, VJNT and SBC class opting for higher education in medical, engineering, technical, humanities and science streams.As per the norms, 10% share was borne by state government and 90% share by the Centre.According to the financial arrangement, initially the state used to make the entire payment and later central government would pay its share to the state.\"But since three years, the central government has not paid the amount and the bill has gone up to Rs 1,400 crore. The minister of social justice of the state has categorically stated in the assembly that scholarship amount won't be paid to students as the central government has expressed its inability to provide funds and the previous dues,\" Patole said.The state should make special provision of funds in the budget for the scholarship of students of these classes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "13073095", "title": "Attendants of dead told to bring ice in mortuary", "text": "PANCHKULA: Attendants of the dead are being asked to bring ice slabs in mortuary of General Hospital, Sector 6, Panchkula, as freezers are out of order. General Hospital is the only hospital in Panchkula, where mortuary facility is available. The freezers are not working for the past 15 days.\"My 19-year-old nephew died last Sunday under mysterious circumstances. The reason of death was unknown so the doctors told us that we should allow the body to be kept in mortuary for postmortem. When we came on Monday morning, we were informed by the negligent employees of the hospital that the body has decomposed as we did not get ice slabs along with the body to preserve the same,\" said Rajinder Singh, relative of the deceased. Singh is a resident of Sector 25, Panchkula.He added, \"Now we have been informed that since the body has decomposed, the exact reason of death cannot be ascertained. This could have been only done if the body was kept in the freezer.\" He further adds, \"It's painful that we won't be able to know the exact reason of the death of our child because of their negligence. It's not our fault that the freezers are not working,\" added Rajinder.Another resident shared his bad experience. \"My mother died because of heart attack on Monday evening. We wanted to hold the cremation on Tuesday morning and when I contacted the hospital authorities they said we can keep the body in mortuary only if we get the slabs of ice. They said their freezers are not working,\" said Raj Kumar , a resident of Sector 15, Panchkula.When contacted the Principal Medical Officer (PMO) of the general hospital, sector-6,Panchkula, Dr Usha Gupta said, \" In fact the freezers are eight to ten years old because of which they are not working. We have already made a demand to the higher authorities and just waiting them to get the freezers replaced.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13072931", "title": "Gurgaon civic body employee caught drinking at work, suspended", "text": "GURGAON: Over a year after the councillors got elected, the mayor and his team finally seem to have realized the need to have an office. On Monday, the mayor met the municipal commissioner and shortlisted three places where the office would eventually come up.The MCG chief engineer, the chief town planner, tehsildar and an architect would survey these three places on Wednesday and submit a feasibility report to the commissioner. \"It is high time we had a place for ourselves as we have been moving from one place to another to hold our House meetings. The three sites that we have shortlisted include Kaman Sarai, a plot of land near Mini Secretariat and Silokhera,\" said mayor Vimal Yadav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13072279", "title": "Elderly woman found dead in her home", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 65-year-old woman was found dead under mysterious circumstances on Wednesday afternoon at her northwest Delhi residence.The incident was reported from Adarsh Nagar area of the city. According to DCP (northwest) Meenu Chaudhry, the deceased Revati Arora was alone at her residence. Her son Neeraj, a small time trader, daughter-in-law and two grandchildren had left for Alwar on Tuesday morning.\"Neeraj came back in the afternoon to find his mother lying unconsicious inside her room. He immediately took her to the Ambedkar Hospital . The hospital declared her dead and informed us,'' said Chaudhry. Initially, the cops were doubtful, but the postmortem report proved that it was a natural death, added the DCP.But police said that Neeraj has claimed that his house was ransacked. \"The house was ransacked. The almirahs were open and the ornaments which she was wearing are missing. We suspect she was murdered,'' said Neeraj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13074590", "title": "Bowlers lost the plot, says Darren Lehmann", "text": "HYDERABAD: On Tuesday, Hyderabad dished out another insipid show to crash to a 25-run loss against Punjab, which kept the visitor's in contention for a knock-out .Asked why the team chose to bowl first on a good wicket, Lehmann said, \"The wicket normally gets better for batting and the team thought it would be better to chase which did not work today. In hindsight, it proved a wrong decision. But if we had bowled better in the first 10 overs, then it would have been a different issue,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "13074530", "title": "'Cotton traders gained from export ban, its lifting'", "text": "YAVATMAL: The chairman of Maharashtra State Cotton Growers' Co-Operative Federation Dr NP Hirani on Wednesday stated that the decision to lift the ban on cotton export by the Union government has enabled the cotton traders to reap the benefits more than the cotton growers. However, he welcomed the decision and urged the Union government to roll back permanently the rigid conditions attached to the lifting of ban so that the benefits could be availed by actual cotton growers.Talking to TOI, Hirani said, \"This year, we have exported 115 lakh bales till April. Due to the lifting of export ban, another 20 lakh bales would be exported making a total of 135 lakh bales, which is a record in the history of India's cotton export,\" he said, adding that the benefit has, however, gone into the pockets of the private traders who have stocked the cotton purchased at throwaway price.Due to the ban, price of cotton in the Indian market had fallen alarmingly this year as compared to the previous year and the price was between Rs 3,300-3,600 per quintal. The lifting of ban on export has increased the price between Rs 400-500 per quintal which naturally pegged between Rs 3600 -4100 per quintal. The loss incurred last year was over Rs1,500 crore while it has gone up to Rs5000 this year, he added.The government's decision to lift the ban was too late and consequently the traders has reaped the benefit, Hirani said, adding that very few farmers have the stock of cotton in western Vidarbha. In western Vidarbha, districts have 506 official procurement centres and the traders have purchased cotton worth Rs2,000 crore this year. The 96 traders in Yavatmal district have purchased 32,93,962 quintal cotton at the rate ranging between Rs 3,300 to 3,600 per quintal. They are now set to reap the profit ranging between Rs 400-500 per quintal due to the growing demand from overseas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13072341", "title": "Fake Metro deal: Firm loses 1 crore", "text": "NEW DELHI: As Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) floats tenders for the Badarpur-Faridabad and Mandi House-Red Fort Metro links, conmen are making money by promising to get projects with the Metro. An NCR-based construction company was duped of about Rs 1 crore after fraudsters \"won\" them projects worth Rs 665 crore with DMRC by charging commission. Five people have been arrested for the con job.The company was, however, informed by DMRC that the documents were forged and no such offer had been made. Several documents used in the forgery had fake signatures and rubber stamps of six officials of a construction giant and DMRC. Amazingly, two of these meetings took place inside the DMRC building at Barakhamba Road and crime branch is investigating if DMRC insiders were involved in the entire operation.\"At present, we do not have a couple of names from the DMRC whom we plan to question,\" said additional DCP (crime and railways) Sanjay Bhatia.Investigations revealed that in lieu of the money, the cheats had promised work contracts worth Rs 90 crore of DMRC and Rs 575 crore of DLF. \"Ranjan and his associate Kiran, a resident of Janakpuri, told the complainant (they met at Baroda House) that they had contacts with senior officials of DMRC and the construction major and that they could get him a contract from them worth crores.They demanded an amount of Rs 50 lakh for getting the contract. Ranjan and Kiran then roped in their associate Ashwini Kumar and Jai Kumar who worked for a private construction company involved in construction projects of DMRC,\" said Ashok Chand, additional CP (crime).In order to convince the complainant that their activities were genuine, the fraudsters organized a meeting between the complainant and two persons (identified as Subhankar Choudhary of Chittaranjan Park and Surya Narain of Ghaziabad) who impersonated as senior officials of the construction firm at a leading club in Delhi. After the meeting, the complainant paid the cheats Rs 50 lakh. They even showed a fake bank guarantee of Rs 250 crore, which they said they will submit to the construction company in lieu of award of contract.However, when the complainant received no work contract from the construction company, he asked the fraudsters what came of the deal. They told him that the deal had fallen through and that they would get him another worth Rs 90 crore from DMRC. They later informed the complainant that he would have to further spend Rs 37 lakh for getting the contract of four Metro stations on the Badarpur-Faridabad route. He acceded to their demand again.\"The fraudsters went a step further and sent a forged letter to the complainant in the name of Kumar Keshav, director, project planning, DMRC, stating that he has been awarded the contract. When the complainant sent an acceptance letter to DMRC he was informed by DMRC officials that no such offer was made by DMRC and that the documents were forged.\"A DMRC insider had stolen the stationery and blank letterheads of DMRC. He has been identified. The cheats also created fake email IDs, tender documents, and fake rubber stamps-all of which will be crucial evidence for us,\" said Bhatia.DMRC officials said they were aware of the case and that a couple of junior contractual employees were involved in the scam. \"DMRC has detected two cases of fraud related to tenders of Delhi Metro's construction work for its Phase III corridors. In both these cases detected in the months of March and April, fake letters of acceptance have been issued to two contractors who did not even bid for these contracts. Apparently, some individuals are luring contractors with the intent of cheating them. The cases have been immediately referred to the Crime Branch, which is currently investigating the matter,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13074716", "title": "High court sends divorce plea back to family court", "text": "BANGALORE: The high court has sent back to a Kolar family court an inter-religious marital dispute on the ground that the wife's petition seeking dissolution of marriage under the Special Marriages Act had been dismissed on the basis of \"assumptions and presumptions\".A division bench headed by Justice NK Patil recently took particular objection to the lower court's observation that \"the respon8dent8-hus8band is a Mohammedan and under Mohammedan law, he can take a ma8x8im8um four wives provided he can maintain them\". \"It is not the case of the petitioner-wife that the respondent is incapable of maintaining more than one wife,\" it pointed out.\"Even if it is presumed that the respondent had taken a second wife, it is not barred under law, especially, as the petitioner has admitted that she had converted to Islam and their marriage took place in a masjid. But this is not the case of either parties,\" it further observed.\"It is the case of the appellant-wife that she had filed a petition under Section 27 of the Special Marriages Act for dissolution of the marriage. But this aspect of the matter has not been considered or appreciated or any finding as such has been recorded by the trial court assigning valid reasons for the same,'' the bench observed.The caseNirmala K (name changed), a Christian and teacher in a government school, had filed an appeal challenging the April verdict of the principal civil judge's court in Kolar, dismissing her petition seeking dissolution of her marriage with Umar (name changed). Nirmala had converted herself to Islam and married Umar. Their marriage was also solemnised at the sub-registrar's office in Bangarpet. The couple had a female child which is now in the father's custody.Nirmala contended that her husband made unnecessary allegations saying that she attended prayers at church, even after she converted herself to Islam and stopped going to church. She also stated that she and her husband entered into an agreement for the dissolution of their marriage before a notary on May 4,1999 and before the committee of Hazarath on May 21,1999. They were living separately on account of differences of opinion.She further contended that her husband had taken another wife. The husband on the other hand agreed that they were living separately but insisted that their marriage was not dissolved in terms of the Special Marriage Act and he was interested to live with her.He accused Nirmal a of renouncing the religion she had adopted and also changing her name as well as her daughter's name to Christian names. He further contended that their marriage was solemnized as per Sharia law and she began to attend Sunday prayers at the church without his consent. He further contended that she was a teacher working in a government school and hence was not entitled for maintenance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13073390", "title": "Bihar varsities contesting 3000 court litigations", "text": "PATNA: The universities in Bihar are contesting more than 3,000 cases in different courts of law.The financially poor universities are spending lakhs of rupees every year on litigation, mainly with their own teachers, non-teaching staff and students. And, they end up as a loser in most of the cases. Most of the court cases are about non-payment of arrears and retirement benefits to teachers and non-teaching staff. Besides, the universities are also contesting cases related to other service conditions like promotion of teachers and non-teaching employees.A perusal of the universities' budget for the financial year 2012-13 indicates that they have been increasing their budget allocation for litigations every year and that, too, at the cost of students welfare and developing infrastructure. For instance, one university spent Rs 2.5 lakh in 2010-11 and Rs 5 lakh in 2011-12 on litigation. Now, it has earmarked Rs 15 lakh for 2012-13 to meet the court expenses. Interestingly, the university has envisaged a sum of Rs 6 lakh only for research work during the period.Federation of University Teachers Associations of Bihar (FUTAB) working president, K B Sinha, said most of the cases pending in different courts could have been avoided, had the state government and the universities cared to meet the genuine demands of their employees.Large-scale irregularities in appointments, promotions and fixation of pay have led to abnormal increase in the number of court cases.\"The universities have full-fledged legal affairs committees to deal with such cases. But their opinions are seldom taken. The government has directed the universities to appoint law officers, in addition to a battery of lawyers engaged by the universities,\" said Sinha.Even though the state government framed the state litigation policy 2011, on the direction of the 13th finance commission, drawing guidelines on the nature of cases to be contested by government with a view to minimizing the number of cases, there has been no remarkable change in the state of affairs.Director, higher education , Sita Ram Singh, when contacted, said there would be hardly any litigation if the universities strictly followed the provisions of Acts and statutes in the matters of appointment and promotions.In Tilka Manjhi Bhagalpur University (TMBU), several teachers were denied promotion even after facing the selection committee and consequently their pay was fixed in the lecturer grade in the revised UGC scale with effect from 2006. Now, they might take legal recourse, he said.Singh asserted that the government was committed to minimize the number of court cases by clearing all the dues of teachers and non-teaching staff during the current financial year. The universities have been asked to place their claims for payment of arrears of teachers and non-teaching staff from 2006 to 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13075068", "title": "JD(U) bails out govt on MCI bill", "text": "NEW DELHI: Instead of the threatened non-UPA unity and a possible \"revolt\" by Trinamool Congress , BJP ally JD (U) joined BSP and SP in bailing out the government over the Medical Council Bill in Rajya Sabha on Wednesday. After a fractious debate, passage of the bill seeking to extend dissolution of the Medical Council of India and its supersession by a board did not present much of a bother for the government with the opposition in no position to demand a division.BJP was hard put to explain the absence of JD(U) with Akalis also being thinly represented in the House when the bill was being moved for passing. With the two Uttar Pradesh outfits BSP and SP also absent, the numbers were never going to be a problem.With Trinamool voting against the bill in Lok Sabha , government managers were watchful and insisted that the ally would have voted for the legislation if a division had been called for. The JD(U)'s tactics were puzzling and some read in the party's absence more evidence of a mismatch of priorities, if not a growing divide, between the outfit and BJP.While BJP did not press for a vote, the government took the bill's passage seriously with senior ministers and PM Manmohan Singh present in the House. Singh left Parliament soon after the bill was passed around 5 pm. It is much more usual for the PM to leave Parliament premises by early afternoon. UPA managers were active after Trinamool embarrassed the government again by criticizing the legislation.Another UPA ally DMK too attacked the legislation, arguing that extending the tenure of the board of governors was a breach of democratic practice. Health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad had also met Arun Jaitley ahead of the debate.While both SP and BSP attacked the government during the discussion, joining others in leveling allegations of wrongdoing by the ad hoc board and pointing out that the council was suspended since 2010, they underlined the advantage Congress has even after being routed in the recent assembly polls.The political realignment that has been evident is set to help Congress ensure a comfortable win for its candidate in the July presidential poll.During the debate, TMC member D Bandyopadhyay said, \"I will keep my powder dry for some other day. I am slightly uncomfortable with the extension from two to three years for the tenure of the board of governors.\" The proposed National Council for Human Resources for Health (NCHRH) also came under fire with Azad having to promise wider consultation. Demanding reconstitution of MCI through democratic elections, DMK member Vasanthi Stanley said the current board had no representation from the south while most of the medical colleges were in south India.Azad said he had to seek extension of tenure as he was left with no option because the report of the parliamentary standing committee on NCHRH bill was still awaited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13073982", "title": "2 arrested for selling SIM on fake ID proofs", "text": "LUCKNOW: Acting on a tip-off that Naxalites are purchasing bulk SIM cards from a gang of miscreants on fake identification proofs, crime branch of Lucknow police late on Tuesday busted a mobile phone SIM supplying racket, arresting two persons. The crime branch sleuths also recovered over three-dozen activated SIM cards and 82 customer application forms from their possession.The miscreants were identified as Ram Kumar Kannaujia, a resident of Bazaarkhala police station area and Kapil Dixit, a resident of Alambagh police station area.It was only a couple of days back that inspector at crime branch Sanjay Rai recieved a tip-off from the Naxal-infested areas of Bihar and UP that Naxalites were purchasing SIM cards on fake IDs from a few miscreants in Lucknow.Shocked at the information, the sleuths of crime branch began searching for such miscreants involved in selling SIM cards on fake IDs in bulk quantity.It was during the search that a tip-off was recieved that two miscreants were selling SIM cards on fake IDs near GPO.Swinging into action, the crime branch sleuths nabbed the two and recovered around 37 SIM cards, 82 customer application forms, several photographs.The miscreants told the cops that they were involved in selling bulk SIM cards for a long time. However, they also admitted that they had never sold SIM cards to Naxalites directly. On further probe, the crime branch sleuths came to know that some agents of Naxalites in Bihar and UP knew of these persons selling SIM cards in bulk.The agent then used to purchase SIM cards at an inflated cost of around Rs 500 each against the actual cost of Rs 50 per SIM card, said SP (crime) Vipin Misra.The agent used to purchase these SIM cards as per the orders from Naxalites, who then used these SIM cards for their operations. Since the SIM cards were purchased from other states and circles, it never used to an easy task for the security agencies to fetch these details.The two miscreants, the cops said, used to get these SIM cards activated from a franchise of KP Mittal housed at Tez Plaza.The cops said that around 375 fake IDs were also recovered from the possession of the two miscreants. On the basis of the information provided by the miscreants the cops are now collecting information with regards to anti-social acitivities through various mobile companies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "13075468", "title": "'Tallest' man fails to find a bride", "text": "KENDRAPADA: Getting married seems to be a tall order for Kendrapada resident Asadulla Khan. Sporting a height of 7 feet 10 inches, this 24-year-old man also rues missing out on the simple pleasures of life such as buying shoes or sleeping on a cot.\"My height has become my curse. I find it difficult to travel in a car, a bus or a train. I haven't been able to go for a joyful jaunt for a long time now. Wherever I go, there is always a crowd following me. I get irritated at being constantly treated like a freak of nature,\" said Asadulla, who works as a mason in Kendrapada town. \"My mother has been running from pillar to post to arrange a bride for me, but all of them are averse to marry a tall man like me,\" he added.He also rued of not being able to see his face on a mirror anymore. \"They are all so low. I also have to bend down every time I want to shake hands with someone,\" he said. \"I could not find shoes to fit my 16-inch-long feet. But a Kendrapada-based cobbler, Appa Rao (58), recently made a pair of shoes for me recently,\" he added.Asadulla said his unusual growth started when he was 14 years old. \"I continued to grow until I reached the age of 24. The height of my younger brother, father and mother is only five feet,\" said Asadulla, whose family hailed from Azanbala village in West Bengal's East Medinipur district but settled at Dilarpur in Kendrapada district five years ago. \"My father died three years ago and it was left to me to run the family. Now, I earn Rs 150 to Rs 200 per day as a mason at an under construction apartment site,\" he said.Asadulla's unusual height may work to his benefit if he applied for the record books. \"Asadulla may be India's tallest living man. But he is uneducated and therefore not aware of the Guinness Book of World Records and the Limica Book of Records. The government must help him to properly document his height for entry into the record books,\" said the president of Kendrapada Citizens' Forum, Amar Biswal.According the Guinness Book of World Records, Sultan Kosen from Ankara in Turkey is the tallest living man at 8 feet 3 inches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13072463", "title": "Zilla parishad officials unaware of mitigating water scarcity", "text": "NASHIK: Tempers ran high at the Jal Vyavasthapan Samiti (water management committee) meeting of the zilla parishad when the members learned that the block development officers (BDOs) of the zilla parishad were unaware about the government resolution (GR) related to works to be done to mitigate scarcity.Coming down heavily on the block development officers, zilla parishad president Jayashree Pawar said, \"It is disgusting to note that the BDOs, who have to work for scarcity mitigation, are not even aware about the government resolution on the issue. Officers responsible for not disseminating the information should be given a show cause notice.\"Taking note of the fact that work related to mitigating the crisis had taken a beating, the zilla parishad president ordered the administration to undertake works related to desilting of dams and barges, farm-tanks and also undertake work on wells in Malegaon, Trimbak and Igatpuri under the employment guarantee scheme.The president also asked the administration to order the technical support providers nominated for the water supply schemes to undertake quality control measures as well.The zilla parishad vice-president also alleged that the administration was not cooperating with the people as far as the works were concerned. \"There are places in Igatpuri where funds have been siphoned off by the technical service providers or others, while villages still do not have water to drink,\" said Sampat Sakale, assuring the administration that he would resign if his allegations were baseless.The meeting further adopted a resolution demanding that the entire district be declared as drought-hit as almost all talukas were facing water scarcity. The resolution should be sent to the state government, the members demanded.ZP machinery unawares about GR related to mitigation of scarcityTimes News NetworkNashikTempers ran high at the Jal Vyavasthapan Samiti (Water Management Committee) meeting of Zilla Parishad when the members learned that the block development officers (BDOs) of Zilla Parishad were unawares about the government's resolution related to works to be done to mitigate scarcity.Coming down heavily on the BDOs, ZP president Jayashree Pawar said, \"It is disgusting to note that BDOs, who have to work for scarcity mitigation, are not even aware about the government's resolution on the issue. Officers responsible for not disseminating the information should be given a show cause notice.\"Taking note that the work related to mitigating the crisis had taken a beating, the ZP president ordered the administration to undertake works related to de-silting of dams and barrages, farm-tanks and also undertake work of wells in Malegaon, Trimbak and Igatpuri under the employment guarantee scheme. The president also asked the administration to order the technical support providers nominated for the water supply schemes to undertake quality control measures as well.The vice-president also alleged that the administration was not cooperating with the people as far as the works were concerned. \"There are places in Igatpuri where funds have been siphoned off by the technical service providers or others, while villages still do not have water to drink,\" said Sampat Sakale, assuring the administration that he would resign if his allegations were baseless.The meeting further adopted a resolution demanding that the entire district be declared as drought-hit on the backdrop of almost all talukas facing water scarcity. The resolution should be sent to the state government the members demanded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "13072950", "title": "Staff left unpaid in Ponda Planning and Development Authority confusion", "text": "PONDA: Although the BJP-MGP alliance government has kept its election assurance of scrapping the Ponda Planning and Development Authority (PPDA) and excluding Curti and Khandepar villages from it in March, the government has failed to ensure that PPDA staff are paid. Nine days into the new month, the staff are yet to get their salary.Before the formation of the PPDA, the Ponda municipal area came under the South Goa planning and development authority (SGPDA). However, the former Congress-led government had formed the PPDA including Ponda municipal area and Curti-Khandepar village panchayat area.\"The formation of the PPDA had affected the staff. As they were detached from the SGPDA and were included in the PPDA without any financial implication, the PPDA staff was paid by borrowing from the SGPDA during last fiscal year. The PPDA was supposed to return it after it gets grant from the government,\" a source in the TCP told TOI.However, as the BJP-MGP government has scrapped the PPDA, the staff who were deputed to PPDA became hapless. As the government is yet to declare Ponda a part of the SGPDA, the staff could not be paid in April. The salary was expected to be paid on April 30.After the government scrapped the Ponda PDA, the files from the Ponda municipal are being processed by the TCP department for the time being.The TCP department needs to notify the planning area of Ponda municipal area as a part of the SGPDA, sources said. The notification is expected to appear in the official gazette on Thursday.When contacted, Ponda MLA Lavoo Mamledar said he was not aware of the issue and no one had brought it to his notice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13073171", "title": "New British Council courses for teachers", "text": "CHENNAI: The British Council has launched two new teacher training courses in Chennai as part of its new 'Train the trainer' initiative. The two courses are TKT ( teaching knowledge test) beginning May 30, 2012 and IELTs train the trainer course June 11, 2012.The TKT course spans over 14 weeks with two terms of seven weeks duration each and will begin. It will be conducted from 5.15pm to 7.15pm. The course is a package offer along with the Cambridge TKT exam also administered by the British Council and TKT trainees are given a discounted exam fee. There will be a special launch offer discount on course fee for trainees registering for the first term.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "virudhunagar", "code": "13073813", "title": "3 electrocuted as palanquin touches live wire", "text": "VIRUDHUNAGAR: Three youth were electrocuted at Pottalpatti near Virudhunagar, as the palanquin used to carry the deity came in contact with a live electric line on Wednesday morning. The tragic incident occurred when the deity was being brought back to the village temple after the festival.During every full moon of Chithirai, the village deity, Lord Venkatachalapathy from Sennelkudi near Virudhunagar is taken around the villages as part of the annual festival. On Sunday, the deity was taken to Kausiga river near Valavanthanpuram and the deity was stationed in Pottalpatti village for the next two days.On Wednesday morning, the deity seated in a palanquin was carried back to Sennelkudi from Pottalpatti in a procession. A huge umbrella was also attached to the palanquin. When the procession passed some distance from Pottalpatti, the umbrella came in contact with the live electric wire and three youth, who were holding the umbrella suffered electric shock.Fortunately, other devotees escaped unhurt as the palanquin was made of wood. The electrocuted were rushed to the Virudhunagar Government Hospital where they were declared brought dead. The deceased have been identified as M Mariswaran (16), K Karmegam (17) from Sennelkudi and M Alaguraja (17) from Pottalpatti.While Mariswaran and Karmegam were construction workers, Alaguraja was studying first year in a polytechnic college. The tragic incident brought a mood of gloom in the villages. The bodies were handed over to the relatives after a postmortem.Ironically, the umbrella used to have the wooden pole but after it broke off last year, the villagers decided to fix it with an iron pole which caused the electric shock. \"Till last year, the pole was made of wood and after it broke last year, we changed it with an iron rod thinking that it will last long, but we never realised that it will trigger such a tragic accident,\" a villager from Pottalpatti lamented.Police sources said that the incident occurred around 5.30am when the deity returned to the village. The palanquin was carried by 30 devotees and the three youth were carrying the umbrella which came in contact with the electric line. \"While other devotees who were carrying the wooden palanquin escaped, the three youth carrying the umbrella with an iron pole were electrocuted. The police team accompanying the devotees rescued the youth and rushed them to hospital in their patrol vehicle but all of them died en route,\" a police official said. Soolakarai police have registered a case and are investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13073148", "title": "Charred body found in Minjur", "text": "CHENNAI: The charred body of a 25-year-old man, with the eyes plucked out, was found on Wednesday morning near Minjur, about 35 km from here.Some residents who saw the body informed the village administrative officer who lodged a complaint at the Minjur police station. Police, who rushed there and found a few empty liquor bottles, burnt cigarette butts and a motorbike key near the burnt body, said a mobile phone had been inserted into the rectum.It is suspected that the man was murdered by persons known to him. \"He may have brought there and plied with liquor before being murdered, probably over a woman,\" a police officer said.The murder spot bore signs of a struggle and the youth's eyes were plucked out, police said adding that two or more people could be involved in the murder.The body was sent to the Stanley Medical College and Hospital for postmortem. North zone inspector-general of police P Kannappan inspected the spot. Tiruvallur superintendent of police R K Meena and other officers also visited the scene. \"Special teams have been formed,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13074466", "title": "Delhi high court notice to home ministry, DGCA on Vectra plea", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Wednesday issued notice to the Union home ministry and the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) on a plea by Global Vectra Helicorp challenging the aviation regulator's decision to suspend the company's operations permit.Justice Vipin Sanghi also directed the home ministry to submit records pertaining to Global Vectra Helicorp, the aviation arm of Ravi Rishi-led Vectra group which operates a fleet of helicopters, and posted the matter for May 15. The Vectra group, which is the largest shareholder in Tatra Holdings owning Czech truck manufacturer Tatra, is facing CBI probe for allegedly supplying trucks at exorbitant price to the Indian Army.DGCA had on May 7 scrapped the firm's permit after the home ministry raised security concerns. The very next day, Global Vectra Helicorp moved the HC against the decision, arguing that it was illegal. The government has also cancelled the security clearance of the company.Appearing for the company, senior advocate Neeraj Kishan Kaul contended before the court that the order on the company's operating permit had been passed without a showcause notice and hence was in complete violation of the principle of natural justice.\"It cannot be disputed that no explanation was sought from the petitioner nor any enquiry conducted prior to taking such serious action of withdrawal of security clearance and suspending its non-scheduled operator's permit which virtually brings its business to an end,\" he said.Defending the decision, DGCA advocate Anjana Gosai told the court that it had only followed the process suggested by the home ministry, which was acting on grounds of public safety. \"MHA (ministry of home affairs) is the main department to give security clearance, we have followed the process. If security clearance is withdrawn of the company by the MHA, the DGCA has to withdraw operating permit,\" she said.The CBI is currently probing the alleged role of London-based Vectra group chairman Ravi Rishi in connection with the multi-crore rupee deal for all-terrain Tatra trucks and the bribery allegations made by the Army chief.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13074437", "title": "Justify toll on unfinished national highways: Supreme Court", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Wednesday took exception to government allowing contractors to charge high toll tax every 10-15km even on under-construction national highways (NHs).On the heels of a parliamentary panel's criticism of motorists having to pay toll taxes on roads still being constructed or widened, a bench of Justices D K Jain and A R Dave questioned the rationale and asked the Union government to explain the justification for such a policy decision.\"Under-construction highways are not money-making machines. The government says infrastructure is for common man and for development but the common man pays for it. We will examine it,\" the bench said, while suo motu expanding the scope of a PIL petition that questioned the toll being charged on the Gurgaon-Delhi expressway.Earlier, Parliament's committee on estimates had frowned upon the toll collection on under-construction highways and negotiating that requires motorists to take time consuming and painful diversions.The bench was livid by the harrowing experience of a motorist who was charged toll tax by contractors minutes after he had negotiated a diversion on a highway. \"At every under-construction over-bridge there is a diversion, but there is a toll booth every 15km. If one travels from Delhi to Amritsar by road, the person would be lighter in pocket by a few hundred rupees,\" the bench said.Justices Jain and Dave were undeterred by the suggestion of a counsel that they were going beyond the ambit of the PIL, \"We are expanding the scope of the petition. The public must know the policy behind this. Is it your policy to help only the contractors?\" asked the judges in an empowering remark that can potentially make users stakeholders in framing policies on highways.The court said that motorists were forced to avoid paying toll tax at a cost of their own safety as well as that of others. In many areas, it's a common habit of motorists to turn back and drive on the wrong carriageway after coming across a toll booth posing grave danger to others, the judges noted.\"We are not on one expressway toll plaza but on a larger question whether collection of toll on unfinished highways had the sanction of a policy decision. A common man need not always resort to applications under the Right to Information Act. They must know what the policy decision is,\" it said.The Parliament's committee on estimates had in its report pointed to \"disturbing instances\", where toll was being collected on shoddy roads. It had suggested to the government to review and revisit rules on collection of toll so that it did not become an \"instrument of malpractice and unjust profiteering by unscrupulous elements to harass general public\".The panel had said it would be unfair to charge toll on highways that were not fully commissioned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "bikaner/jaipur", "code": "13074123", "title": "Man found dead in station, 22 cops removed", "text": "BIKANER/JAIPUR: A 44-year-old man, arrested in a burglary case, died under mysterious circumstances in police custody at Deshnok in Bikaner district on Wednesday. Though police claimed that the accused committed suicide, his relatives claimed that he was killed by the police and his body was hung from the ceiling to give it a suicide angle. Later the entire policemen at the station were sent to police lines excluding the SHO of the said police station who was suspended.The man, identified as Bhaira Ram (44), was arrested on Tuesday evening in a theft case of Rs 2.5 lakh. He was taken to the police station but on Wednesday morning his body was found hanging from the ceiling of the station.Soon after the news reached the local people and family members, they rushed to the station and created a ruckus. The family members accused the police of severely beating him up, resulting in his death.\"It is not a suicide. They killed him and later hung his body to make it look like suicide,\" alleged Mangli Lal, brother of the deceased.However, tension eased after the intervention of Kana Ram, sarpanch of Palana village and the relatives of Bhaira Ram agreed to accept the body.Meanwhile, in compliance with the Supreme Court guidelines, SP Rakesh Saxena sent all 22 policemen including the SHO, one ASI, one head constable and 19 constables to police lines. \"Initially the SHO was sent to lines but in the evening he was suspended by the Superintendent of Police, Bikaner,\" said an official.\"Prima facie it appears to be a case of suicide. Additional chief judicial magistrate Sunil Bishnoi is probing the case. Despite that, as per the guidelines of the Supreme Court, which says if a person dies at a police station, action needs to be taken against the officers. Hence, we have taken action against the policemen,\" Saxena said.He said the post mortem report has also not indicated anything which can link the case to police atrocity. \"No injury marks were found on the body. It is a suicide case, still a magisterial-level investigation is already on into the matter,\" he added.Meanwhile, some NGOs working in Bikaner are preparing to take up the matter with the National Human Rights Commission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13071854", "title": "This summer, learn with fun", "text": "NOIDA: Gone are the days when summer vacations meant just watching TV all day and attending tuition in the evening. As most schools in the city close down for vacations, they have prepared specialized summer camps that aim to not only teach children various arts but also a part of their curriculum through practical exercises.While summer camps have been around for a long time, many schools are diversifying and are setting up different activities for children aiming at overall development of the children. \"We are organizing a number of activities for our children, including uncommon activities such as fencing, horse riding, cinematography and French conversation to make sure that they are exposed to different stimuli. We believe such a variety is necessary for the holistic development of the child,\" said Pramod Sharma, director and principal, Genesis Global School.For children who want to blend fun with learning during their vacations, schools have opened up a number of options, including specialized practical classes that combine learning with experiments. \"The students have numerous course options available to them in colleges. Being in school, it is not easy to identify and decide the course and career options that best suits their personality, inclinations, interests and aptitude. The summer school provides a unique opportunity to students wherein they have the option to attend classes of their preferred courses for ten days with the choice of their subjects under the guidance of experts in our university,\" said Savita Mehta, vice president, Amity Group.A number of schools in Noida have emerged as centres of sporting excellence with international sports figures setting up coaching centres in the schools. Former Indian captain Mohammad Azharuddin set up a cricket coaching camp in Indus Valley Public School. \"We are planning to begin the coaching institute formally in winter. The weather is an important factor. However, during the summer holidays, we will set up a summer camp for children that will have a number of sporting options for them alongside extra-curricular activities such as dance and theatre,\" said Shikha Sharma, principal, Indus Valley Public School.Manmeet Kaur, whose daughter is currently in class 8, explained that these holidays are a perfect time for children to learn new skills.\"My daughter will join the theatre workshop in her school. I believe in the concept of summer activities as it takes the children away from TV. Children also get to do some physical activity, make new friends and, most importantly, develop new skills,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13073480", "title": "Aspirants yet to come to terms with new system", "text": "ALLAHABAD: With both the mainstream political parties in the state, including the Samajwadi Party (SP) and Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP), opting to play the role of \"fence-sitters\" in the civic body elections by refusing to allow party leaders to contest both mayor and corporator elections on party symbols, a sense of disenchantment has dawned upon aspirants willing to contest these elections.While the BSP has refrained from taking part in the process at any level, the SP on the other hand has removed the barrier of official candidates contesting elections on party symbol by allowing all desirous candidates from the party to contest elections with none of them being allotted a party symbol.Among them whoever wins the elections would be accorded the status of party corporator.Stating that by doing so the party has sent out a clear message that \"one who wins would be anointed as victor but one who looses is also our favourite, former Samajwadi Party (SP) corporator and an aspirant from Badshahi Mandi ward, Nem Yadav, said: \"We fully abide by the directive of the party high command but still it is not clear as to why such a decision has been taken by it. Contesting elections on the symbol of ruling party would have definitely given a boost to our candidature but still the work we have done would not go unnoticed.\" Perhaps the party leadership has taken this decision to minimize dissidents which may play spoilsport in 2014 LS elections, he added.Nem Yadav said while his position in Badshashi Mandi is \"virtually unchallenged\", the situation in other wards like Mohtasimgunj, Bahadurganj and Shahgunj is entirely different where more than five candidates, all owing allegiance to the SP, would be contesting the elections simultaneously.Agreeing that civic body elections are the nursery for assembly and parliamentary polls given the involvement of corporators in party affairs at city, right upto the mohalla level, another SP aspirant Nizamuddin said: \"We have been following the Samajwadi ideology since the last 20 years and have given our best towards developing and promoting the party at all levels. Now if our party supremo wishes to exclude the party in these elections than we cannot question him.\"Sounding an element of rhetoric, he said: \"I am willing to bow out of the contest if my leader asks me to do so in favour of any other candidate. But with the field wide open, the contest would be fought at individual level rather than party one.\"He, however, refused to comment on the position of candidates who lose elections in the wake of friendly fights among candidates of same party. This has, however, ushered in an unofficial exodus of candidates from these parties who are flocking at the office of national parties, including the Congress, seeking party symbols, said the member, screening committee on civic bodies elections, Abhay Awasthi. \"Uptil now I have received messages from more than six former corporators from both SP and BSP who are willing to switch over provided the Congress party fields them as official candidates on party symbols.\" He questioned that how can the two parties, including SP and BSP, undermine the role of civic bodies election.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13073510", "title": "CPI-M condemns attack on insurance co staff", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Communist Party of India-Marxist (CPI-M) held on Wednesday the speakers condemned the recent attack on employees of an insurance company by the owner of a private garage which resulted in grievous injuries to former.Presiding over the meeting senior CPI-M leader Harish Chandra Dwivedi said that the persons responsible for the above incident should be arrested immediately because apart from attacking the employees they had also threatened them of life.Issuing a joint statement, office bearers of UP Medical and Sales Representative Association, Krantikari Samta Party, Centre of Indian Trade Union, Mohan Singh, Radhe Shyam Yadav, Samir Bhattacharya, said that licence of the said garage owner should be cancelled and the garage should be blacklisted. tnnAn unholy nexus of garage owners and some unscrupulous elements are active in the city which runs a racket for providing false claims to vehicle owners. These persons indulge in acts of intimidation and violence on a regular basis which should be investigated and action initiated against them, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13073391", "title": "Sri Lankans get to earn quite a bit in the IPL: Muttiah Muralitharan", "text": "BANGALORE: The nightmare of many a batsman in international cricket, Muttiah Muralitharan is the perfect gentleman in real life. A genius with the ball, he has been playing for different teams almost every IPL season, but he is not one to complain.Says the spinner, \"I have played for Chennai for two to three years and then Kochi, which was not a great experience, and now I am with the Bangalore team.\" He adds, \"It's a different experience playing with different teams every time, but we cricketers need to adapt to the team. It helps that we have played each other earlier in different tournaments while representing our respective countries and the fact that we have known each other for a long time definitely helps.\"The cricketer is appreciative of the IPL format, which he says has definitely helped Sri Lankan players in a big way. \"For us Sri Lankans, it's a great opportunity because the IPL involves big money and we get to earn quite a bit. Also, there is exposure to international cricket and players -- we get to play with players from different countries,\" says Muttiah, who is on a one-year contract with the Bangalore team.Muttiah isn't losing sleep over the fact that he's not been playing in a lot of matches. \"I need to fit into the scheme of things of the team. Right now, the team is not performing in some areas and we are working on that. We need a few good international batsmen in the team, and that's what we are looking at.\"While he is taking it easy this season, Muttiah is definitely looking out for some of the players he considers his favourites. \"Chris Gayle and Virender Sehwag are my favourites as both of them are exciting batsmen and it's a treat watching them at the crease. Chris has been the top-form batsman these past two years.\"Muttiah, who has retired from all forms of international cricket except the IPL, helps coach the younger players whenever required, but he is not looking at coaching as something he might take up in the future.Talking about Bangalore, Muttiah, whose wife happens to be from Chennai, says, \"According to me, Bangalore is the best city in India. Weather-wise, Bangalore is so much better than Chennai.\" An avid movie buff, Muttiah regularly catches up with the latest Tamil and Hindi films as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "13075473", "title": "Berhampur to launch e-district project", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Berhampur in Ganjam district will become the first tehsil in the state to launch the fully computerized e-district project which will ensure quick delivery of services and transparency in all administrative works.The system, implemented in the district as a pilot project, is a part of the Centre's National e-Governance Plan (NeGP). Services to be provided under the scheme include issue of various certificates, disbursing pensions, addressing public grievances and right to information (RTI) petitions, operating the public distribution system (PDS) and some other services.Ganjam is one of the 18 districts of the country and only the second in the state selected for the e-district project on a pilot basis. Mayurbhanj is other district in the state which will implement the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13072657", "title": "Man arrested with 1 kg charas", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A man carrying more than 1 kg charas worth Rs 50,000 was arrested by the Shaherkotda police on Wednesday. The cops have seized the contraband consignment and are now hunting for the local contacts of the drug peddler.Sajid Mansuri, 23, resident of Jalalpur in Rajasthan, was caught in the operation. Shaherkodta police officials said: \"We got a tip off that a man would hand over narcotics to his local contact at the Sarangpur Bridge. Based on this we had put a surveillance squad to keep an eye on the site. Soon we saw a man matching the description given to us, alight at the bridge.\"Mansuri was detained by the police team. \"When we checked his bag, we found a black leather pouch which contained 1.05 kg of charas worth Rs 50,000. When confronted with this evidence Mansuri confessed and said that he had reached the city by a morning train,\" said a police official.The accused told the police that Rajasthan's Hazir Khan Pathan had given him the consignment and asked him to deliver it to a man here. \"Mansuri says that he was told that the receiver would be wearing a green shirt. For this job, Mansuri was promised Rs 2,000,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13072322", "title": "Jailbird held, had drugged staff to escape", "text": "NEW DELHI: This one seems straight out of a movie. In January, an undertrial in Sonipat Jail threw a birthday feast and managed to smuggle in iron cutters and sedatives. He fed inmates and officials a special halwa laced with sedatives and managed to escape from the jail along with seven others.Crime branch of Delhi Police finally nabbed the criminal Manoj Bukhara on Tuesday. The modus operandi and escape plan of the 21-year-old has staggered cops.What has shocked the officials even more is that Bukhara broke the jail to execute half a dozen contract killings across Delhi and Haryana, the 'supari' for which he had received while he was lodged in jail.\"We had received a tip-off on May 8 about Bukhara coming to Sector 17 in Rohini. A trap was laid and the accused was arrested. We recovered a pistol from his possession. He was interrogated during which he narrated the entire plot of how he executed the escape of prisoners from Sonipat Jail,\" said Ashok Chand, Addl CP, Crime.Chand said that the accused revealed that he first managed to procure sharp edged blades which could cut the iron grills of his cell with the help of jail officials on January 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "13074454", "title": "Model government school to come up in Masuda in Ajmer", "text": "AJMER: In a first-of-its-kind in the district, a government model residential school with projectors, computer classes and a swimming pool is set to open in the Masuda block of Ajmer soon.Developed on the lines of an English-medium school, this model school aims at providing quality education to underprivileged students of remote rural regions.The education department has already got the nod of district administration and is planning to start the school from July.The school is part of a project under the Rashtrya Madhymik Sikhsha Abhiyan. \"The first school in district will be in Masuda. Land allocation was a major problem for us but the district collector has now sanctioned the land,\" said Manju Dadich, district education officer of secondary education. and project officer.The state government has given its nod to 35 such schools in Ajmer division including Ajmer, Tonk, Bhilwara and Nagaur districts and sanctioned a budget of Rs 105 crore for these schools. \"Seven such schools will be opened in Ajmer district, two in urban and five in the rural regions,\" Dadich said, who is also the project officer for the model schools.The school will run on the pattern of Navodya Vidyalaya under the Central government and will follow an NCERT syllabus. \"In the first phase, English-medium is compulsory for Classes VI to VII, while for IX-XII, students can opt for Hindi or English,\" said officials.To ensure the quality of education, officials said the teachers will be appointed through a public-private partnership.A digital library has also been proposed. \"The aim is to provide qualitative secondary education to students who have had no chance of gaining access to technology or being taught in English,\" an expert associated with the project said.Sources said the department has identified land for all the seven schools in the district. Meanwhile, the construction of the model school in Masuda has already begun.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13074421", "title": "Anil Kumble renews adoption of animals", "text": "MYSORE: The state board for wildlife co-vice chairman and former international cricketer, Anil Kumble has renewed adoption of the giraffe calf and Asiatic lion in Mysore Zoo for one more year by paying Rs 1.3 lakh.Kumble adopted the giraffe and the lion by paying Rs 30,000 and Rs one lakh, respectively, with effect from April 11, 2012 to April 10, 2013. Kumble adopted the giraffe for the third time and Asiatic lion for the second time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13078268", "title": "Man accused in IPS officer's kin's murder case found dead", "text": "PATNA: A man, named in the FIR in the IPS officer Ashok Kumar Gupta's cousin Saket Kumar murder case four days ago, was found dead on railway tracks near Bahadurpur railway crossing here.The police recovered the body of Prem Singh, the accused in the murder case, late last night, Deputy Superintendent of Police (DSP), City, Sushil Kumar said.Singh, who runs a bear shop in the Gaighat locality did not return home last night and his family members informed the police about his body lying by the railway tracks, he said.There were cut marks on his head and legs, Kumar said.The body has been sent for a post-mortem and the cause of death would be ascertained only after the autopsy report was available, he said.Kumar, a liqour trader and kin of the Bihar police housing construction corporation director Ashok Kumar Gupta, was shot dead outside the gate of Kumhrar park three days ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13073191", "title": "Credit card kingpin sent to cop custody", "text": "CHENNAI: The chief metropolitan magistrate, Egmore, has allowed the central crime branch (CCB) police to take credit card fraudster Manoj Kumar into their custody for two days.Police teams plan to conduct a detailed inquiry to know about his background and recover stolen and fake credit/ debit cards from him. \"We will try to get information about a few more credit card gangs operating in Chennai and other parts of the state,\" a police officer said. Kumar will be produced before the magistrate court in Egmore on Thursday.CCB sleuths arrested Kumar, 37, in Bangalore on April 27. Police said he had swindled several lakhs of rupees from people living abroad, by swiping fake credit cards made using stolen data. CCB police had sent a lookout notice for Kumar to all the airports in the country. Immigration officials in Bangalore nabbed him when he landed at the airport from Malaysia and alerted CCB in Chennai. A team led by inspector G Dillibabu brought Kumar to Chennai and sent him to Puzhal prison.Police said, Kumar was booked for running a brothel in Chennai in 2002. He was picked up again by CCB police in 2007 and 2010. Madipakkam police detained him under Goondas Act in 2009. He was also booked by the Bangalore and Hyderabad police for credit card frauds there. He is believed to have contacts with Umesh, another credit card fraudster of Sri Lankan origin. Police found Kumar's gang had cloned 22 credit cards and purchased goods worth 14 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "13073007", "title": "Restrain the dam work, Sattari locals tell Parrikar", "text": "KERI: Taking strong objection to the work of Kalasa canals and tunnels undertaken by the Karnataka Neeravari Nigam Ltd (KNNL) at Kankumbi in Karnataka and the work of the dam at Virdi in Maharashtra, residents of Sattari on Tuesday submitted a memorandum to chief minister Manohar Parrikar urging him to take quick action for restraining the works.Vishwesh Porob from Valpoi-Sattari submitted a memorandum on behalf of the Sattari Jagruti Yuva Manch, to the chief minister.Karnataka, in spite of the constitution of the Mhadei Water Tribunal by the central government, has continued the work of constructing canals at Kankumbi and has already diverted seasonal water of the Kalasa nullah without waiting for the Centre's clearance.Karnataka has claimed that the work of the canal being a non-plan expenditure, the need for prior permission does not arise. The state has argued that the centre has no constitutional or statutory authority to restrain it from undertaking such projects.Speaking to TOI, Vishwesh Porob said, \"Though we have submitted a memorandum to the chief minister, he has not given any assurance to us. Regarding the Virdi dam, he told us that it will not hamper any interest of Goa.\"Porob said further, \"The chief minister's stand on the projects of Maharashtra and Karnataka is not favourable. Also, the CM is not aware of the ground reality.\"An all-party deligation led by Manohar Parrikar during his last tenure as CM had kept the letter of permission given by the Central Water Resources Department in abeyance to divert 4.56 TMC water to the Malaprabha. In spite of this, KNNL has continued the work of canal excavation and construction with an average depth of five to twelve metres and width of approximately 30 metres.\"Both these projects are lying within 3 km of the Mhadei Wildlife Sanctuary of Goa and certainly cause great lost for Goa's wildlife and environment. Hence, the government should take strong objection to them,\" says Suryakant Gaonkar from Bhuipal-Sattari, a member of the Sattari Jagruk Yuva Manch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13073325", "title": "Birla Institute of Technology &amp; Science entrance more competitive than IIT", "text": "CHENNAI: Cracking the IIT-JEE may be top priority for most students, but the BITSAT is now the most competitive of all national engineering entrance exams in the country. An average of 68 students will compete for a seat in this year's BITSAT, the online test for admission into degree courses at Birla Institute of Technology and Science, Pilani, which starts on May 10. In comparison, only 54 students contested for a seat at the IIT-JEE 2012.Based on number of applications received, 1.36 lakh students are expected to take the BITSAT-2012 for admission to a total of 2,000 seats at the institute's campuses in Pilani, Hyderabad and Goa. The exam will be conducted in 32 centres across the country between May 10 and June 9, 2012. On the other hand, 5.2 lakh students took the IIT-JEE 2012 on April 8 to be eligible for 9,600 seats in the 15 Indian Institutes of Technology (IIT), the Institute of Technology at Banaras Hindu University (IT-BHU) and the Indian School of Mines, Dhanbad.The VITEEE, which was conducted on April 21 for admission into deemed university Vellore Institute of Technology, follows the IITs with 48 students competing for one seat. The exam was taken by about 1.5 lakh students across India for admission to 3,100 seats. \"VIT sees the largest number of applicants among deemed universities because of its placement record, especially in the IT sector,\" said Jayaprakash Gandhi, an education consultant.Next comes the All India Engineering Entrance Exam (AIEEE), which was taken by 11 lakh students this year for admission into approximately 35,000 seats in the 31 National Institutes of Technology (NIT). The AIEEE score is also used by approximately 50 other private and government engineering institutions across the country, many of which have a majority of seats reserved for students of the home state and admit them by conducting their own regional common entrance tests. On an average, 31 students compete for one seat with the AIEEE score.AIEEE is followed by some more private and deemed universities such as Manipal and SRM which have grown in popularity over the last few years, especially because of their superior infrastructure. Manipal recorded 27 applicants per seat this year followed by SRM with a ratio of 22 per seat.Fewer seats gives BITS edgeEducationists say it is the increase in intake at IITs that has lowered its student-to-seat ratio, putting it behind BITS. In 2008, six new IITs were established and several courses added, which took total number of seats from approximately 5,500 to 7,000. Two more IITs were added in 2009 and the number of seats went up to 8,200. Introduction of newer courses and an increase in the number of seats has taken the number of seats to 9,600 in 2011-2012.In comparison, numbers of seats at BITS have remained constant at 2000, making it more competitive. \"The BITSAT has been growing in popularity among students since it was introduced in 2005. Over the last 2-3 years, number of applicants has increased enough to make the exam more competitive than the IIT-JEE,\" says S Mohan, associate dean of admissions at BITS. The institute, founded in 1964, used to admit students based on their class 12 marks before 2005. Since 2007, students are not allowed to take the IIT-JEE more than twice, slowing down the growth rate in the number of applicants. While 3.2 lakh students took the exam in 2008, 3.95 lakh took it in 2009, 4.72 lakh took it in 2010 and 4.8 lakh took it in 2011. This year, BITSAT lowered its eligibility criteria from 80% to 75% in the board exams making more students eligible. \"We found that a lot of students were getting left out due to the high qualifying percentage,\" says Mohan.Over the last five years, number of students applying to the BITSAT has increased steadily from around 88,000 in 2007 to 1.23 lakh in 2011 and 1.36 lakh in 2012.The BITSAT is also completely based on the NCERT school syllabus which makes it more popular, especially among CBSE school students. 'We discourage aspiring students from taking extra coaching for the exams and students who prepare well for their class 12 boards can do well in the BITSAT,\" says Mohan. Students also need to obtain a minimum average of 75% marks in Physics, Chemistry and Math in the board exam to qualify for a seat, the highest cut-off among all other engineering tests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13073067", "title": "We know why &amp; who killed RMP leader: Police", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Stopping just short of calling it a political murder, director general of police Jacob Punnose on Wednesday said police were sure why and who killed RMP leader T P Chandrasekharan. The effort now is on to unveil the masterminds who plotted the heinous act.Threat to Chandrasekharan's life came from one corner alone. \"There were no other threats to his life. It needs to be found out whether the killing was the outcome of the threat,\" he said.To a question whether it was a political murder, the DGP said he normally refrains from using the word political as it has wider ramifications. The investigation is moving in the right direction and the special team is confident about nabbing all involved in the crime, he said.The DGP also toured Onchiyam and visited Chandrasekharan's house.He held a review of the probe with the top brass.The police, meanwhile, have taken into custody three people from Valayam. They, identified as V Ashokan, O K Manojan and M P Sumohan, were taken into custody by a police team led by Nadapuram SI Jeevan George and Kuttiady SI Sajeevan.They are suspected to be close aides of the prime accused Kodi Suni and Rafeeq and had named their gang LTTE. Police said Suni and Rafeeq had stayed at Valayam before proceeding to Vallikkad on the night of the attack. It is also suspected that some persons in Valayam and Kuttiady area facilitated their escape.Sources said conspiracy to kill Chandrasekharan was first hatched along the sidelines of a wedding at the house of Anthyeri Sura, a CPM member who is now serving a jail term in Kannur. Police had raided his house at Chekkyad following the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13072569", "title": "Gujarat University holds syndicate meeting", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat University (GU) on Wednesday held its syndicate meeting where it was decided that GU will conduct an entrance test under the guidance of a four-member committee of syndicate members for admission on 50 per cent management quota seats of two dental colleges.Two self-financed colleges had conducted an entrance test separate from the PG entrance test conducted by GU which had created a lot of furore. The GU had also carried out an inquiry against the two colleges.It was decided in the syndicate meeting that as per Supreme Court guidelines, the dental colleges will have to fill management quota seats on the basis of the test administered by the GU. Colleges cannot have their own entrance test.The meeting of the GU syndicate held on Wednesday was a non-scheduled meeting and syndicate members were informed about the same only on Tuesday night. Syndicate member Narhari Amin moved a proposal that the syndicate meeting should be held regularly every three months and that the members should be informed about the agenda three days in advance so that they can come prepared for the test.A notification to this effect too was passed. However, a number of members felt that the notification had come a tad too late as six years of GU vice chancellor Parimal Trivedi's term had already ended!GU syndicate members also decided that the University Grants Commission (UGC) norms should be followed in the appointment of the registrar. Recently, the search committee also met to recommend the next VC after Trivedi's term comes to an end in June.\"It was decided that in all the appointments, the UGC rules and regulations should be completely followed,\" said a GU syndicate member.GU syndicate members also said that process for the syndicate elections should be held between August 1 and 28. The syndicate term comes to an end on August 30.GU to inquire Choksi's appointmentGU syndicate has decided to inquire into the complaint that Saurabh Choksi, who was appointed principal of JG College of Commerce after serving a stint as principal in grant-in-aid Nav Gujarat College, who does not have approval of the GU. It needs mention that a complaint had been made. Inquiries had revealed that the file of approval of Choksi's appointment as principal of JG Commerce College is missing from the GU.Meanwhile, some complaints have also been registered against another city college principal who was reported to be claiming that he has been appointed by the UGC to recommend colleges for a number of UGC grants. GU VC Parimal Trivedi accepted that the chairman of UGC had written to the GU saying that it has not appointed any 'tout' to recommend colleges for grants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13074378", "title": "BJP a party of 'merry makers': Gehlot", "text": "JAIPUR: Chief minister Ashok Gehlot on Wednesday called the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) a party of \" merry makers\" who wanted to return to power in the state just to have an easy time.The chief minister hit out against his predecessor and leader of opposition Vasundhara Raje also by saying that she enacted a political \"drama\" by first asking her party legislators to resign and later telling them not to do so.\"They did not govern the state but just had fun for five years. And now they think they will return to power and have fun again. But this is not going to happen, as the Congress will form the next government as well,\" chief minister Gehlot said, referring to the previous BJP government's rule under Raje. The chief minister was addressing a function of the Youth Congress held in the city to associate the party's young workers with the panchayati raj system.Commenting on the ongoing tussle for supremacy within the opposition BJP, the chief minister said Raje was leading a band of \"hypocrites\". \"See what a drama is being played out there (in BJP). First, four legislators are summoned to her (Raje's) house and later these four men make phone calls to rest of the legislators to resign. Now she says it is party's internal matter. This is height of hypocrisy,\" Gehlot remarked.The chief minister also attacked Raje's close aide Lalit Modi without mentioning his name. \"The criminal under whose supervision they had fun for five years is today hiding in London . He is a wanted man,\" Gehlot said referring to Modi. The chief minister also called BJP a party of corrupts and mentioned about its jailed former president Bangaru Laxman and similarly accused former minister Dilip Singh Judeo .Gehlot, however, attempted to downplay the infighting within the ruling Congress party highlighted at the violence during a party function in Bharatpur on May 5. \"The media blew it out of proportion,\" he said. Going a step further, the chief minister even stated that the people who committed violence at Bharatpur were not Congressmen. \"Congressmen can never indulge in such acts,\" Gehlot said in the presence of PCC chief Chandrabhan, who was witness to the violence. In his report sent to the party high command on Monday, Chandrabhan categorically blamed PCC member and former MP Vishvendra Singh for the violence.Addressing the gathering, Chandrabhan talked about lack of coordination between the Congress and its frontal organisations like Youth Congress, Seva Dal, Mahila Congress and NSUI in the state.The PCC chief also posed a question to his party governments at the Centre and in the state over issue of transfer of powers to panchayati raj institutions. \"The Prime Minister and the state government should think why we have not been able to transfer all the 29 subjects to the panchayati raj institutions as promised,\" Chandrabhan asked. The Gehlot-government has transferred only five subjects to the panchayats till date.Panchayati raj minister Mahendrajeet Singh Malviya, meanwhile, highlighted the Gehlot-government's welfare schemes and urged the Youth Congress members to create awareness about these among the people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13076960", "title": "Mugamoodi team at Karaikal", "text": "The Jiiva and Narain starrer Mugamoodi is fast proceeding on its shoots with the climax portions being canned near Karaikal.The movie being an action packed fantasy thriller, the stunt sequences are extraordinary says the unit sources. An international stunt director has been roped in for Mugamoodi and the whole team is excited over it. Actor Jiiva thrilled over the climax fight sequence said, \"It will take a lot of hard work to turn into a reality.\"Mugamoodi has Jiiva pairing with Pooja Hegde and Narain will be seen playing the antagonist. The other supporting casts include Nasser, Akkineni Nageswara Rao, Prakash Raj, Anupama Kumar.This fantasy thriller is being produced by UTV Motion Pictures and directed by Mysskin. Music is being scored by K of Yuddham Sei fame, art direction by Bala and camera works by Sathya.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13073461", "title": "India's rich past becomes the grace in Sakti's art", "text": "This April spelt a most eventful stay in Kolkata for Sakti Burman.On April 2, the governor of West Bengal inaugurated a retrospective exhibition of his works at the Victoria Memorial - a first for any contemporary Indian artist. Next, Aakar Prakar showed the small format drawings and sketches he did while flying from Mumbai and Delhi. One morning, a brisk walk from Oberoi Grand took Sakti to the Govt College of Art. The watchman at his alma mater recognised him and let him in at that early hour. Going around the college he was drawn to the studio adorned with centuries-old figures - and overtaken by a strong desire to sculpt one. By evening, when he sat down to chat with this writer, the sculpture had discernible features of a Sakti Burman figure.What prompted this holiday from easel? \"In Paris of 1970s, when graphic art had become very important and limited editions gained popularity, some publishers had asked me to do lithography,\" Sakti shares. \"This had helped me financially and also spurred my imagination, so I find it fruitful to explore other mediums.\" Sculpture, even today, is less in demand than painting \"but I love to handle clay, and a three-dimensional image is possible only in sculpture. Perhaps that's why Picasso , Braque , Matisse have all done sculptures.\"The centrepiece of the retrospective is a Gandhi. Why not Tagore at 150? - we ask. Sakti explains: \"No sensitive person can be indifferent to violence that in recent decades have started from Middle East and spread through the world. And what better way than Gandhi, to spread the message of non-violence?\" So, a large canvas at VM shows Gandhi surrounded by men with guns, sword, spear... and Durga armed to kill. In another canvas, where he's poised to weave on an implied charkha, he is surrounded with temples, church, masjid, Buddha, other divinities - and his goat.Sakti Burman's Durga, incidentally, has a 'European' or contemporary brood. What prompted this? After visiting India with Maite soon after their marriage, Sakti had started painting the similarities between Indian and European mythologies. Noah's Ark, for example, reminded him of Krishna's Giri Govardhan while Jesus and Mary blended into Yashoda Krishna. In 1980s, during a group show at Tetley ( London ), \"the host asked me to paint a Durga for the Desh Puja cover. I painted the goddess without weapons since she's travelling with her brood, and the children are modern like you and me. India's economy was rising then, so I was faced with a heavy demand!\"Sakti's paintings, everybody knows, evoke the looks of a weathered fresco, depicting figures that once were vivid and are now fading. How did he evolve this signature style? \"It's like in our memory,\" says the artist. The figures come out of mythology, dreams, fables, scriptures, story books. They're not pointillist - the fractured application of colour makes you think of a peeling wall. This interesting texture is \"a hangover of visiting Italy and admiring frescoes with Maite soon after I went to Europe,\" says Sakti. \"Prior to that, I'd look at buildings, temples, architecture for only their aesthetic value. After Italy, I started valuing the historical aspect of any structure. Memory became a very important part of my existence, and the applying of oil and acrylic with a fine brush imparted a dreamlike quality.\"In 1956, when Sakti went to Paris, many artists would say, 'I'm trying to unlearn what I've learnt at home!' But Sakti never undermined the importance of his training at the Govt College of Art since \"everything you learn helps you go further.\" He remembers Manindra Gupta, his teacher in his first year at college. \"Teachers then took students outdoors to teach how to draw leaves etc. One day I said to him, 'Is art education all about painting leaves?' 'Try to do that first,' he said. 'Else, Da Vinci and Michelangelo won't do you any good.' Then he taught me the fundamentals of 'pyramidical structure,' a lesson that got embedded deep inside me. If you notice, my signature is always at the bottom of the 'pyramid' that is the central image!\" Sakti points out.After a lifetime in France, is he a French artist or Indian? \"There's no question of seeing myself as French,\" he firmly replies. \"I'm Indian, just as Maite is French.She has visited India several times, lived with an Indian for decades, assimilated our traditions. But engraved inside her is the French tradition - just as the Indian tradition is embedded in me. I live in France but Ajanta, miniatures, Kalighat and alpana have indelibly contributed to the complexity of my compositions.\" Undeniably, the fabulous past of this land stays with Sakti Burman wherever he is - and becomes the grace that finds expression in his art.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "nadiad", "code": "13072579", "title": "Montek skips Nadiad event due to ill health", "text": "NADIAD: Montek Singh Ahluwalia, deputy chairperson of the planning commission skipped a convocation ceremony scheduled in Nadiad on Wednesday. Ahluwalia was to preside over the convocation of Dharamsinh Desai University.Officials said that Ahluwalia stayed away from the event as he was weak and not feeling well for the last two days. \"We were informed last night of Ahluwalia's poor heath.\"The function proceeded as scheduled and nearly 1,511 students from various academic streams graduated from the university. They belonged to the engineering, dental, medicine, pharmacy and management streams. In all, nine students were awarded gold medals.H M Desai, the university's vice-chancellor said that many students who have graduated from the university in the last 11 years have made a name for themselves in some of the leading universities in the world. The event was disrupted for sometime after Pravin Pansuriya, a parent, in the audience alleged that her daughter's result was meddled by the department dean.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13073838", "title": "'Beer Man' now a suspect, samples sent for DNA test", "text": "MUMBAI: The Cuffe Parade police on Tuesday summoned Ravindra Kantrole, dubbed the 'Beer Man', for questioning and took his DNA and semen samples, which were sent to Kalina forensic laboratory on Wednesday.The police said they were trying to ascertain if Kantrole was involved in the Cuffe Parade murders in which three girls, aged between two-and-a-half years and three, were found murdered between November last year and April.Cops admit they have found no evidence implicating Kantrole and are exploring the possibility of his involvement as they have hit a dead end in the probe. Investigators have asked Kantrole, who was allowed to leave the police station on Tuesday evening, to \"cooperate\" with them in the investigation.Kantrole, a Std X dropout, used to be a member of the Dashrath Rane gang of robbers. After a spate of killings rocked south Mumbai between October 2006 and February 2007, the police zeroed in on Kantrole as the prime suspect. Arrested by the Azad Maidan police in February 2007, he was dubbed the 'Beer Man' after the police found empty beer cans next to the bodies of some of the victims.Kantrole was subjected to several forensic tests, including narcoanalysis polygraph testing, brain-electrical oscillation and brain mapping, in Bangalore. On the basis of his confession during these tests and some eyewitness accounts, a sessions court convicted Kantrole for one of the murders and sentenced him to life imprisonment in early 2009. His lawyer, Sushan Kanjuraman, filed an appeal in the high court and obtained an acquittal for Kantrole in September 2009. A division bench of Justice Bilal Nazki and Justice A R Joshi ruled that the forensic evidence compiled by the police was inadmissible in court.\"Kantrole has been living in the Azad Maidan area since his acquittal. The police keep a close tab on his activities, so it is unlikely he is involved. We have to rule out all angles and are treating him as a suspect due to his past,\" said an officer involved in the Cuffe Parade serial killing probe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13072659", "title": "Robbers donated spoils at Shirdi temple, 5 held", "text": "NEW DELHI: Police on Wednesday claimed to have busted a gang involved in over 100 cases of robberies with the arrest of five persons.Police officials also said that they have solved 22 cases of burglaries and robberies in south Delhi.DCP south Chhaya Sharma said that the members of the gang visited Sai Baba's shrine at Shirdi after committing half a dozen robberies and donated ornaments in order to seek blessings.\"The gang operated in a unique manner. They carried a weighing machine using which they immediately weighed the robbed jewellery and divided the loot equally among themselves.\"This was to ensure honesty among the gang members. One of them even contested elections from Uttar Pradesh,\" said a source.\"The special staff had received inputs about the gang members coming to Sainik Farms area. A trap was laid on the Ignou Road and we apprehended the accused who were travelling in a Honda city and an Eeco car. The kingpin, Surender alias Choti was also apprehended by inspector Aishvir Singh. Three pistols and six cars were recovered from them\" the DCP added.The accused were identified as Surender Chouhan, Om Prakash, Suresh Kumar, Devender Khari, Surender Singh.The gang used iron axles of vehicles, which were specially designed, to break locks and doors. They used luxury cars to commit the crime. After committing 4-5 incidents, they used to destroy the mobile and SIM cards.The accused used to stay in five star hotels and travel by air from one city to another. A large part of the booty was spent on their girlfriends, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "adilabad", "code": "13073310", "title": "Ex-additoinal SP\u2019s body found near tracks", "text": "ADILABAD: A retired additional SP from AP, who was to depose in Adilabad district court in connection with a dowry death case, was found dead in mysterious circumstances in a small village in Maharashtra on Wednesday. The body of Y Sudhakar, 59, was found at Chintala village close to Karkheli railway station, 30 km away from Dharmabad station in Maharashtra.An additional superintendent of police, Sudhakar went missing after boarding Krishna Express in Hyderabad at 8.40 pm on Tuesday. He was scheduled to reach Adilabad at 6 am on Wednesday. On way to Adilabad, the train passes through some areas of Maharashtra. Adilabad police said Sudhakar was a heart patient. However, it's not clear whether he fell accidentally from the running train or some unidentified person had pushed him to death.The railway police, who recovered the police officer's uniform and bag from the train, contacted the court officials after they found the court warrant and case papers in the bag. When the court officials confirmed that Sudhakar was to depose in connection with the case but had not reached the court, the railway police immediately contacted Maharashtra cops. On being told that they had found an unidentified body close to the railway tracks, a police team from Basar in Adilabad went there.Shockingly, the Maharashtra cops had cremated the body by then. \"We rushed Basar SI and Mandamarri SI to the spot to exhume the body and bring it back,\" Adilabad SP Sarvashresta Tripathi told TOI.In another twist in the mysterious death case, two cellphones carried by Sudhakar were found missing. \"While one phone was switched off, the last call from another phone was made when the train reached Adilabad. Later, it was also switched off,\" a police official said.Sources said Sudhakar was to attend the court proceedings in connection with the dowry death case which was filed in 2009-10 at Mandamarri police station when he was Bellampalli DSP. Police said the deceased cop was working as a faculty at AP Police Academy (APPA).Sudhakar is survived by wife Hepsyba and two sons. His family stays at Bhoiguda in Secunderabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13073687", "title": "Jogeshwari milkman's son is London Olympics", "text": "MUMBAI: It's a heartwarming story of the triumph of talent over circumstances. Narsingh Yadav, the 24-year-old freestyle wrestler who qualified for the London Olympics to be held in July, is the son of a milkman from the tabelas of Jogeshwari. On May 4 at Helsinki , the youngster qualified for the challenge of his life, becoming the fifth Indian wrestler and the first Mumbaikar to do so for the 2012 edition of the Olympics.As he heads for a coaching session in Haryana, the youth is alert enough to pack his own food and drink to eliminate the possibility of a rival spiking his meals and making him fail the strict anti-dope tests. \"Wrestling is a game where you dodge your opponent not just physically but mentally as well,\" says Narsingh, whose family lives in the cattleshed belt of Jogeshwari.On Wednesday morning, Narsingh wrapped up practice earlier than usual to keep an appointment with chief minister Prithviraj Chavan about a job that had been promised to him when he won the Commonwealth Gold in 2010. \"Nine teams compete for IPL and they earn millions of dollars. I won a gold from among 71 teams and still received little benefit,\" he rues. At present, Narsingh works as a ticket checker with Indian Railways but CM Chavan has assured him a position as Class I officer, perhaps as deputy superintendent in the Mumbai police force.With both Narsingh and his brother earning well, the two sons of milk vendor Pancham Yadav have persuaded him to give up cycling around Lokhandwala Complex with his aluminum cans. Narsingh's father and elder brother, Vinod, were both pehelwans who inspired him to take up the sport at age ten. \"He trained at the local akhara (traditional mud pit) for some time but came to me at the age of 12,\" says his coach Jagmal Singh. Narsingh now stays and trains with him at the Sports Authority of India complex in Kandivli East.In recent months, the lad has adapted his vegetarian tastes to accommodate meat dishes like mutton, chicken and eggs. \"Almonds, juice, milk, dried fruit and nuts are a must, and now that he competes in Iran and Russia , he has started eating non-vegetarian food,\" says the trainer. Sponsors bear the monthly expense of Rs 20,000.Reticent at first, the champion slowly opens up, dismissing Rustom-e-Hind Dara Singh and his brother Randhawa as filmi wrestlers. \"Sushil Kumar is the real medal winner,\" he says. Sushil Kumar won a bronze at the Beijing Olympics four years ago.Narsingh is keenly aware of the after-effects of striking gold--he was swamped with marriage proposals even after the famous Commonwealth bout. However, he is not betrothed yet. \"Everything in its own time. Everybody must get married someday,\" he says with a smile.\"The boy is so shy that he has not entered a cinema hall in years,\" adds his coach, laughing. \"It is only now that he watches a bit of television in the dormitories when we tour.\"CM awards Narsingh Rs 15 lakh CM Prithviraj Chavan met wrestler Narsingh Yadav at Mantralaya on Wednesday along with sports minister Padmakar Walvi. Chavan reiterated his promise of a Class I officer's job for Yadav and also announced a sum of Rs 15 lakh to fund his preparations for the Olympic Games.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13074641", "title": "Shiv Sena 'encroachment' in room at Nagpur Municipal Corporation", "text": "NAGPUR: The chain of events is utterly predictable. After any anti-encroachment drive in the city, the encroachers usually return to their old spots within days, sometimes hours.Sadly, something similar has also taken place inside NMC's main office at Civil Lines.On Monday, the Shiv Sena occupied a room meant for civic officials in the NMC office. The next day, municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal served the party a notice, following which it vacated the room.On Wednesday, the saffron party's leaders and activists virtually taunted the administration by re-occupying the same room that is meant to be the office of additional municipal commissioner. Sena's district president Shekhar Sawarbandhe, along with group leader in NMC Suresh Talwekar and others, restarted the office.Sawarbandhe said the notice given by the administration was totally wrong. \"The administration has to consult mayor Anil Sole before taking any action against corporators. But Sole was not informed about the notice. The office was opened following Sole's directives to the administration for allotting offices to different groups. Municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal called Talwekar and asked to vacate the office. Jaiswal should have taken the consent of Sole and chairman of standing committee. Sole has assured us to enact bylaws in the general body. Office will be continued till the decision of general body,\" he said.Corporator of Muslim League Aslam Khan, who is part of BJP-led ruling party, has gone a step ahead. He occupied the chair of NMC's sports and cultural officer. The room was allotted to Muslim League in the last regime. After the election, the room was allotted to sports and cultural officer Hambirrao Mohite. Despite Mohite's presence in the office, Khan was seen sitting in the chair. Despite directives from Jaiswal, the officials had failed to remove the poster of Muslim League put up in the office. With no options left, Mohite was sitting below the picture of the political leader. Even corporators of BSP are sitting in the office allotted to women corporators.Taking serious note, Jaiswal had issued show cause notice to Sena on Tuesday. After receiving Sole's letter, Jaiswal, in his reply, has said that there are no such provisions in the CNC Act. \"If it finds necessary, the general body should enact such bylaws for the rooms,\" he said.Jaiswal is out of station for three days. It will be interesting to see what further steps he takes, now that the corporators seem to have thrown a challenge to him.Supporting Jaiswal's decision, leader of opposition group Vikas Thakre told TOI that the office bearers should follow the bylaws. \"There is no provision to provide office rooms and vehicles to the office bearers and corporators. During my tenure as mayor, I had not provided any such facilities going beyond the norms,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "13075476", "title": "Passenger trains cancelled in Keonjhar without notice", "text": "Keonjhar: The Railways on Wednesday cancelled all passenger trains to Keonjhar district, including the Puri-Barbil Intercity Express and Keonjhar-Bhubaneswar First Passenger, without giving any prior notice.For thousands of passengers waiting at various stations, it came as a bolt from the blue as they didn't have any prior indication.C K Barik, station master of Keonjhargarh station, said, \"The decision to suspend the trains was taken at higher level of railway department. The reason behind it is not known.\"Reacting to the decision of the Railways, Keonjhar truck owners' association secretary Pradip Barik said, \"We have already declared that we will not allow transportation of minerals on trains. We are not obstructing passenger trains. The Railways might be trying to blackmail us through this, and trying to pressurize us to lift our ban. We condemn the move.\"Ashok Das, an advocate, said, \"Railways is a government agency and it should think about the public before taking any decision. The trains should not have been postponed without prior notification.\"\"I had to go to Cuttack for some important court work, but I could not go. I have to look for night buses now.\" said Alekh Patra of Keonjhar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13074444", "title": "Gondia Naxals take clue from Gadchiroli", "text": "NAGPUR: Even two days after the Naxals abducted head of the Istari village in Deori tehsil, police are still clueless about his whereabouts. Senior officials of Gondia district have maintained that the search operation has been stepped up to locate Ghanshyam Koretti who was kidnapped on Monday evening from his residence.After committing spate of murders and giving threats to sarpanches and their deputies in Gadchiroli district, the Naxals seem to have continued marching on the same beat in the neighbouring Gondia district too. On Wednesday, senior police officers including additional superintendent of police, Gondia, Vishwa Pansare gave a visit to the family members of Koretti in Istari village on Gondia-Gadchiroli border. It was also reliably learnt that Koretti was once a known Naxal sympathizer.Though police are still trying to ascertain the exact motive of kidnapping, a section in the security agencies maintained that the Naxals want to spread terror in Gondia as well, a threat-tactic they had successfully implemented in Gadchiroli especially at Etapalli and Bhamragarh tehsils.The elected representatives of the local civic bodies at Bhamragarh and some from the Etapalli have already relinquished their posts buckling under Naxal pressure. The Bhamragarh tehsilder, whom Naxals had forcibly took along with them, too is to submit his application for voluntary retirement. Though he has cited health issues, pressure from the Naxals might be the actual reason.In the backdrop of the recent spurt in the Naxal activities in Gondia, it was learnt that the security forces too have stepped up vigilance. Addl SP Pansere said that operations were on in the critically sensitive stretches. \"The forces have been deployed in the jungles and also along the state and district borders,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13073755", "title": "BHEL to pay more raw water rate", "text": "BHOPAL: The BHEL administration will pay increased rates of raw water to the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) besides taking bulk connection of Narmada water. The information was given at the meeting held to review development work in the BHEL area, according to an official release.Mayor Krishna Gaur said drinking water would be supplied through tankers in Awadhpuri in the township soon after digging of a 14-inch bore there. People of the area will start getting Narmada water after extension of pipelines.The review meeting was informed that WBM Road would be completed in Bajrang Market before the monsoon and would be asphalted after the rainy season. Construction of sheds for retail sellers - the weekly haats -and renovation of college building is underway in the BHEL area, the release addedThe electricity department is laying cables in Bagh Mughalia, Bagh Sewania and Amrai slum area. A camp will also be organised to solve problems of consumers of the area.BHEL Traders Association president Kewal Mishra, collector Nikunj Shrivastava, municipal corporation commissioner Ranjeesh Shrivastava were also present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13074964", "title": "Frequent strikes giving Air India a bad name: Rajya Sabha members", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rajya Sabha members on Wednesday expressed concern at the strike by Air India pilots, saying frequent strikes were creating a bad atmosphere and sending wrong signals to the international community about the national carrier.Raising the issue in zero hour, Congress member R C Khuntia said that even after a big financial package was given to Air India, salaries of pilots and other staff were not paid and passengers were facing serious problems.\"It is not convincing that even after a big financial package, the strike is continuing ... it is creating a bad atmosphere and sending wrong messages to the international community,\" he said, adding that \"tax payer's money is given to run Air India ... the HR department of Air India has failed to resolve the situation\".\"De-recognition of the union and suspension of pilots is not a permanent solution. A long-term settlement of the issue be done,\" he said, questioning whether the strike was due to the fault of the pilots or the HR department of Air India.\"Why are there frequent strikes... Why are arrears of pilots and other staff not given ... Whether it is pilots' fault or that of HR department of Air India. Who has failed ... is it the ego of HR officials or attempts to benefit private airlines,\" he said.The issue brought various members from the Left including Tapan Kumar Sen and BJP's Ravi Shankar Prasad on their feet. \"It is a very serious matter,\" Prasad said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13074131", "title": "'Netas only fighting for own backyards'", "text": "MUMBAI: Union minister for agriculture Sharad Pawar has warned that Maharashtra's territorial integrity will be in jeopardy if state politicians continue to squabble over irrigation funds.\"In view of the drought-like situation, the need of the hour is to rise above petty political and regional considerations and face the situation with unity,\" Pawar said. He was speaking at a function in Satara on Wednesday. A large number of Congress-NCP activists attended the meeting.The region-wise backlog of irrigation funds is an explosive issue in Maharashtra politics and MLAs never miss an opportunity to demand more funds for their regions. Pawar said it is a matter of concern that legislators speak only about their own region. A Marathwada legislator speaks only about Marathwada and a Konkan MLA speaks only about mangoes and cashewnuts. \"We have to take a broader view of the situation. Maharashtra's territorial integrity will be threatened if we get bogged down in regions,\" he added.Pawar's call for a broad political consensus on drought comes at a time when the Congress and the NCP, allies in the ruling Democratic Front (DF), are at loggerheads on the issue of irrigation.Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan had recently stated that the irrigation department was not able to meet its target of constructing big and medium dams in the state notwithstanding a huge allocations of budgetary provisions. Chavan had suggested that a white paper should be issued to review the performance of the irrigation department, which incidentally is held by the NCP. Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar of the NCP is said to be upset with Chavan's suggestion.Shiv Sena CEO Udhav Thackeray jibe at Pawar and said that the NCP chief, who is now talking of broad political unity, hasn't thought beyond Baramati, Pawar's hometown. Thackeray urged Pawar to offer concrete relief to drought-affected villages, such as waving of the power bill. BJP leader Eknath Khadse said there was 'some sense' in what Pawar was saying but he is abdicating his responsibility as union agriculture minister.Meanwhile, Sharmila Thackeray, wife of MNS chief Raj Thackeray , on Wednesday led a team of party activists to Purandar near Pune, to provide fodder to animals. In Satara, MNS MLA Pravin Darekar undertook a similar exercise. Noted social activist Bharat Patankar has started an agitation in Satara, one of the worst-affected districts in the state, for greater relief.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "13074544", "title": "Two held with guns for planning robbery", "text": "WARDHA: Two persons were arrested with country-made guns and six bullets from the circuit house of Selu on Tuesday night. The LCB had got information that the two people were planning a robbery in Selu area and raided the circuit house to nab the two.The persons arrested are Vinod Bhosale (28) and Akash Bhosale, residents of Seoni district of Madhya Pradesh, currently staying at Dahegaon in Wardha district.Police have seized the arms estimated to be worth Rs 88,000 and also some medicine used to make people unconscious.PI PP Kolwadkar informed that these people had lots of robbery cases registered against them at Seoni and were absconding. They were planning to rob people in this area now.Electrician dies: Prashant Mate (35), who was working at Indira Sahakari Sut Girni (ISSG) since last eight years, died in an accident there on Wednesday. A company official said that Mate was accidentally electrocuted. The officials immediately took him to Sewagram hospital, but the doctors declared him dead in the Intensive Care Unit.KI Mirza, PI of Sewagram police station, said they have lodged a complaint under section 174 of IPC after being informed by the hospital. However, he said they had not got any information from the company as yet.Shekhar Shende, a director of ISSG, said that Mate was working near 11KV wire line and his hand touched it, leading to his death.Mate's relatives said that he was on leave on Wednesday but the management had summoned him for some urgent work. The relatives questioning how the firm could ask Mate to work on an MSEDCL pole in the premises. The relatives said Mate should not have been ordered to work on MSEDCL poles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13074061", "title": "Uttar Pradesh government among India's top 10 advertising brands", "text": "LUCKNOW: The verdict is out. And this time there is more evidence that former chief minister Mayawati's excesses were not just restricted to over-the-top expenses on her bungalow. Amid all the industry insistence on a need to build and promote Brand UP, the latest Television Audience Measurement (TAM) Media Research report suggests that UP government, during Mayawati's last year in power, already became the sixth most popular brand in the country. Except the exercise was more an exercise in self-affirmation than aimed at making UP a popular investment and tourist destination.In a latest TAM Media Research report, the Mayawati government in Uttar Pradesh, during 2011-12 was among the Top 10 brands in the country with an ad spend higher than the Union Ministry of Information and Broadcasting. Ranked No. 6 on the list, the Government of UP also beat the advertising campaigns for Kesh King Hair Care Range, the Tata car range (except Nano) and Bajaj Discover-125 DTS-i, to be among the 'Most Printed' advertisements in India.In fact, the only print ads to have overtaken the Mayawati government ads are online shopping portal naaptol.com, private management institute IIPM, Tata Nano , income tax department and ad campaigns for the complete range of Maruti cars.If the state government has emerged a chart topper, the journey to stardom hasn't been easy. For achieving the most popular status, UP had to spend Rs 90 crore out of the state exchequer towards publicity in 2011-12. In contrast, the information and broadcasting ministry had allocated Rs 15 crore towards publicity campaigns in its budget outlay for 2011-12.In this light, what makes the achievement doubly special is that Mayawati government bagged the 6th spot in nine months -- between March and December 2011.Since UP assembly elections were announced in December and a model code of conduct put in place, Mayawati government was unable to place any ads between December 2011 and March 2012. State information director Prabhat Mittal said: \"Till 2010, the state government's publicity budget was about Rs 55 crore.In 2010-11 and 2011-12, UP government increased its budgetary allocation to Rs 90 crore each. In 2011-12, the entire amount was spent last year.''So far, it appears the new Samajwadi Party government will also continue to promote Brand UP like Mayawati.Though UP's budget for 2012-13 is still to be tabled in the state legislature, the government has approved an interim publicity budget of Rs 22.5 crore for the first quarter. Mittal said: \"For the moment, the allocation is the same as last year. The final picture will be clearer once the budget is presented.''Though the state's publicity budget is spent for state government's advertising across print and electronic media, of the total allocation, approximately half is spent on the print medium.The chart-busting news may gladden many hearts in former chief minister Mayawati's camp, but there is a fair share of naysayers among UP's intelligentsia.Political commentator Sudhir Panwar said: \"If you compare the advertisements placed by the ministry of information and broadcasting as well department of income tax, the information disseminated is of an advisory nature and it is brief and catchy. Advertisements placed by the UP government, however, were all about glorifying one political regime and its achievements. They may be passed off as a government advertising, but have done little to build Brand UP the way the industry bodies want it to be built.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13072654", "title": "Sehwag &amp; Co. looking to go top of table again", "text": "HYDERABAD: It must be galling for Darren Lehmann and company that the players spurned by Team Hyderabad are revelling for their new teams. Kevin Pietersen started the trend in IPL 5 and Dwayne Smith did it so well for Team Mumbai against Chennai more recently.In such a state of disarray that Team Hyderabad are in, the smarts in skipper Virender Sehwag will not want to miss a trick by fielding Venugopala Rao against his former team when Team Delhi renew their bid to go atop the standings at the Rajiv Gandhi International stadium on Thursday.Pietersen has since left for national duty and the defeat to Kolkata in their last outing at home has pushed Delhi (16 points from 11 games) a rung down, but their second position in the standings now is a clear indication of the progress they made from last year when at this stage of the competition they were level with Hyderabad at six points apiece.There is another common factor too: Sehwag's form. The Delhi skipper topped the batting chart with 468 runs (before Gayle passed him on Wednesday) and he returns to the venue of one of his favourite centuries -- a 56-ball 119 (13x4, 5x6) last season during which he took his team from depths of despair to a four-wicket win against a bowling attack led by Dale Steyn.With four games to play after this return leg encounter -- two home, two away -- and the playoffs looming, Delhi will have pencilled in other factors like elements and the law of averages against teams who they are very likely to play in the business end of the tournament.It rained on Tuesday; very humid too unlike Hyderabad and though it is unlikely to have a bearing on the outcome of this game, it was rain that fetched Hyderabad their first point and resulted in Kolkata being atop the table with an odd tally at the moment. The hosts never found a way out of the morass they got into with their uncanny ability to embrace defeat and went out of reckoning quicker than one can say Pune, the other team on the scrap heap and the only team to lose to Hyderabad two times.Unless the likes of skipper Kumar Sangakkara and Steyn, two premier practitioners of their art no less, decide to blow the opposition away and given their defeatist mindset, it is difficult to look beyond Delhi as they look to get back to winning mode in the homestretch.Maybe Team Hyderabad should look inwards for another campaign gone awry despite some big ticket players in their ranks and turn up at the park with nothing to lose lest there be a bitter aftertaste.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "dugri", "code": "13073338", "title": "Religious encroachments annoy Dugri residents", "text": "DUGRI: Homeless people encroaching upon municipal land in the cover of religious settlements has been a long existent problem in Dugri. But, several complaints of residents in this regard have failed to evoke any response from civic body. The encroachers create nuisance in the area, say the residents, adding, they have been trying to get the encroachment cleared for last one and a half year.A businessman from the area, Baljit Singh, says, \"This unknown group of people had set up a small temple around one and half years ago encroaching MC land near the tube well. The officials had assured us they would move the illegal settlement, but no steps have been taken so far.''Baljinder Singh, another businessman from Dugri, says, \"The MC officials had assured us they would remove the encroachers from the site, but they didn't even try doing this.'' The people settled near the tube well create nuisance beating dhol every Thursday night and do not respond amicably to residents' requests, adds Baljinder.\"The MC officials should bother about their own land and act when we inform them of the illegal happening in our vicinity,'' says businessman Didar Singh from the area.Assistant town planner S S Bindra says, \"We are aware of the problem and would act against the encroachers as soon as possible.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13074974", "title": "Pimpri-Chinchwad New Township Development Authority's action against illegal structures to go on", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri-Chinchwad New Township Development Authority will demolish all illegal constructions that have come up under its jurisdiction after December 2011. Structures which have been built before December 2011, will, however, be spared as the state government is considering a proposal to regularise them, said Yogesh Mhase, chief executive officer of PCNTDA, while speaking to reporters on Wednesday.Mhase said, \"At a meeting held with the state government in November 2011, it was decided to issue notices to 517 unauthorised constructions in its limits. A time of 45 days was given for removal of the constructions after which an anti-encroachment drive was started. A total of 101 'pucca' and 119 temporary constructions, like stalls, sheds and huts, have been removed so far, while 55 police cases have been lodged against several people.\"Mhase said, \"The anti-encroachment drive is mainly focused on large structures, which are more than 3,000 sq ft in area and are being used for commercial purposes. Flats are being sold in multi-storied buildings, which are constructed on land belonging to the PCNTDA. Around 18 unauthorised constructions were removed by residents on their own when the anti-encroachment drive was started in Walhekarwadi, while at least 60 such constructions were removed before the drive started.During a press conference on Wednesday, MLAs Vilas Lande, Laxman Jagtap and Anna Bansode, along with Bhausaheb Bhoir, president, Pimpri-Chinchwad unit of Congress, extended support to the anti-encroachment drive. \"People are using three to five FSI, which is illegal and puts a big strain on the basic amenities like sewage treatment, drinking water, roads and others. Such large-scale unauthorised constructions need to be stopped otherwise the city will see large unplanned development,\" the leaders said.Holding the PCNTDA responsible for the unauthorized constructions, Lande said, \"The constructions should have been stopped in the initial stages itself.\" The structures have mushroomed because of the administration's negligence, he added.Earlier on Tuesday, an all-party delegation of corporators and social activists urged divisional commissioner Prabhakar Deshmukh, who is also president of PCNTDA, to stop the anti-encroachment drive.The delegation, among others, included Shiv Sena's Shrirang Barne, RPI corporators, former corporator Maruti Bhapkar and Manav Kamble of Nagari Hakka Suraksha Samiti.In NumbersUnauthorised constructions of more than 5,000 sq ft: 28Unauthorised constructions of more than 10,000 sq ft: 21New unauthorised constructions: 476Total number of unauthorised constructions: 525Notices issued for illegal constructions: 517'Pucca' unauthorised constructions removed: 101'Kuchha' unauthorised constructions removed: 119", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "13072572", "title": "Gujarat government gloats over special investigation team report", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Gujarat government on Wednesday \"wished\" that amicus curie Raju Ramachandran had \"concured with special investigation team (SIT) observations\" in order to give \"clean chit to chief minister Narendra Modi .\" In a statement issued soon after the weekly cabinet meeting, government spokesperson Jay Narayan Vyas justified the SIT report saying, it \"examined lakhs of documents, thousands of witnesses and complaints received by it\", instead of \"keeping the investigation limited to Zakia Jafri's complaint.\"Vyas, who handed over to mediapersons a written statement prepared in the CM office in his name, said, \"The SIT prepared as many as 17 reports, and the final report is an outcome of these reports.\" He added, \"For the last 10 years, certain elements went on carrying out a single-point venomous and false agenda of misguiding people. Now these elements should show moral courage in accepting truth.\"The minister further said, \"In the history of Indian governance, this is for the first time that any riot in a state was so exhaustively investigated. Now that SIT report has come, the false and venomous propaganda must stop.\"Claiming the SIT report suggests that \"truth and justice has won\", he added, \"It is necessary to tell the elements who are trying to defame Gujarat government that their ways have only obstructed in early delivery of justice to the riots victims.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13073163", "title": "Petition wants all power produced at N-plant for state", "text": "CHENNAI: A practicing advocate has approached the Madras high court seeking a direction to the Centre to allocate the entire 2,000MW power, to be produced in the first two reactors at Kudankulam Nuclear Power Project, to Tamil Nadu.A vacation bench comprising Justice C S Karnan and Justice K Ravinchandra Baabu, before which the PIL of J Ramesh came up for admission on Wednesday, issued notice to the Centre.The PIL contended that the first reactor of the Kudankulam project was near the fuel-loading stage and that the second reactor too would be commissioned shortly, together producing 2,000MW power. Citing the crippling power shortage in Tamil Nadu, the advocate said the Centre must take into account the efforts made by chief minister Jayalalithaa to ensure the smooth functioning of the project.Referring to the business and industrial hubs and districts in the state, Ramesh said if adequate power supply is not ensured, it would have an adverse impact on the national output itself. He said that despite several letters and reminders by the chief minister of Tamil Nadu, the Centre had been maintaining a silence on allocation of the entire 2,000MW for the state.As Tamil Nadu has put its entire safety and welfare at stake, it is only proper that the Centre acceded to the state's request for the full quota of 2,000MW from the plant, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13072926", "title": "Victim became gangster Bhanu Kiran\u2019s friend", "text": "HYDERABAD: If you can't beat them, join them. Producer C Kalyan seems to have followed the dictum in toto. He was once a victim of gangster Bhanu Kiran, but eventually became a close aide of the gangster after he worked with him during the making of Ramgopal Verma's 'Raktha Charitra'.Crime Investigation Department (CID) officials are now probing the links between Bhanu Kiran and Kalyan, since they suspect that the latter is one of the benamis of the gangster.\"Kalyan's first brush with Bhanu was in 2007 when the gangster interfered in a land dispute between the producer and Madhusudhan Reddy, a close associate of factionist Maddelacheruvu Suri. Kalyan initially lodged a complaint at the Madhapur police station after Madhusudhan trespassed into his land,\" CID sources told TOI. However, Kalyan settled the dispute out of fear after learning that Madhusudhan was a close associate of Suri.Though the beginning of their relationship was bitter, within months Suri's associates, especially Bhanu, became close to Kalyan and their friendship peaked during the making of Raktha Charitra.\"Kalyan accompanied Suri, Bhanu and a few others to Anantapur during the making of Raktha Charitra to show Ramgopal Verma and narrate the faction feud between Suri and the slain Telugu Desam Party (TDP) leader Paritala Ravi,\" the sources added. Kalyan bought the rights of Telugu version of 'Raktha Charitra' I and II.Bhanu is accused of making Balaji Colour Labs, owned by Kalyan, a den for making various land and financial settlements. In 2010, Lakshmi Films' Vemuri Subhash Chandra Bose approached Kalyan to settle the property dispute he had with his sons. Meanwhile, Sham Prasad, one of the sons of Subhash Chandra Bose, approached Bhanu Kiran. \"It was at Balaji Colour Labs that the two parties came to settle the issue with mediators, including Bhanu,\" the officials said.Since Bhanu himself confessed that he had settled several disputes at the lab, CID officials are probing into the role of Kalyan and issues surrounding his lab. A CID team raided the Balaji Colour Labs on Tuesday. A few days ago, Nati Kumar, also a film producer, claimed that he was a witness to a settlement done by Bhanu Kiran at the Balaji Colour Labs with the support of Kalyan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13074670", "title": "Government breaks head over RTE reservation policy", "text": "MUMBAI: Though less than a month is left for the new academic session to start, the school education department is yet to draft a formula for Class I admissions regarding 25% reservation for economically weaker and underprivileged students, as per the RTE Act.School education minister Rajendra Darda told TOI there are several problems. \"We will have to define income for economically weaker sections. Also, we need to factor in the share of scheduled castes, scheduled tribes and other categories. For this, we have studied the formulae adopted by other states.\"A senior official from the education department said it had secured information from Andhra Pradesh, New Delhi, Madhya Pradesh, Mizoram and Manipur. New Delhi has informed that a student whose parents' income is less than Rs 1 lakh a year will be considered as belonging to an economically weaker section (EWS) of society. Madhya Pradesh and Manipur have fixed this limit at Rs 40,000, and Mizoram at Rs 30,000. The RTE Act defines an EWS child as one belonging to such parents or guardians whose annual income is lower than the minimum limit specified by the appropriate government by notification.The official said it was difficult to fix percentages for each category deserving of reservation. \"We are bound by law to provide reservation, but in a class of 32, we have to provide reservation for eight students (25% of 32) belonging to SCs, STs and other communities (disadvantaged groups). We feel we will have to reserve one seat for each community mentioned in the disadvantaged group.\"He said that while in Maharashtra there was a delay in drafting new rules, particularly on EWS and disadvantaged groups, a number of states had completed the exercise last year. \"We were waiting for the outcome of a bunch of petitions before the Supreme Court on the matter.\"He said the apex court has upheld the constitutional validity of the RTE Act, but the state government has the problem of defining shares of eligible categories in the 25% quota.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13074374", "title": "High court summons superintendent of police to explain traffic failure in Bharatpur", "text": "JAIPUR: A division bench of Rajasthan High Court comprising Chief Justice Arun Mishra and Justice N K Jain (senior) has summoned the superintendent of police, Bharatpur, on May 21 to explain as to why the vehicular traffic in Bharatpur town is not being properly managed despite the government granting 61 more personnel.The order came on a PIL filed by a Bharatpur-based advocate, Shri Nath Sharma. It was contended by the petitioner that the moat wall (wall surrounding the old fort) is in a shabby condition and there is an apprehension that the wall will collapse. The bench then directed the Archeological Survey of India, who is already taking care of preservation work in the area, to take immediate measures to prevent the old wall from collapsing.\"It was brought to the notice of the court that the traffic is being managed in the best possible manner and an extra 61 officials have already been provided as part of a new traffic plan. However, the court was not convinced and the SP has been called in person to explain as to how it is going to be improved,\" said N A Naquvi, additional advocate general.\"We have also assured the bench that the sludge taken out of the Sujanganga canal will be removed before the monsoon and that all the three remaining encroachments in the 20 feet-wide heritage corridor fixed on either side of the stretch of sujanganga canal has been removed, pursuant to the court's earlier direction,\" added Naquvi.An additional solicitor general, appearing for ASI, told the court that a sum of Rs 6 lakh has been paid to MNIT to prepare a design to save the collapsing old moat wall and that another sum of Rs 24 lakh has been sanctioned for other necessary and incidental preservation works.On April 17, a division bench of Chief Justice Arun Mishra and Justice N K Jain-I had directed the Archeological Survey of India and MNIT, Jaipur to complete the task of renovation and restoration of ancient Bharatpur fort and the heritage Sujanganga Canal, surrounding the fort in a period of two months.The court had then also recorded an assurance of the collector, Bharatpur, who was present in the court on April 17, that the encroachments existing in the canal will be removed in 10 days. The bench had also directed that in case the encroachments are not removed, action shall be taken against the erring officers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13074942", "title": "Over three lakh consumers owe Maharashtra electricity distribution body Rs 65 crore", "text": "PUNE: As on March 31, 2012, over three lakh consumers in the Pune zone of the Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Ltd owed bill arrears worth Rs 65.01 crore.This was revealed in a reply to the Right To Information (RTI) application filed by city-based Sajag Nagrik Manch (SNM).Concerned by the arrears, Vivek Velankar and Vishwas Sahasrabuddhe of SNM have sent a letter to the chairman of the Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission, drawing the attention of the regulator to the piling up of arrears.\"The figures are alarming and clearly show that the distribution company is not following the principle of attack vital for a few big defaulters,\" the letter said.The information provided by the company revealed that in Ahmednagar road division, 17,791 consumers owned arrears worth Rs 11.12 crore, which means the average arrears per consumer are Rs 6,251 (bill amounts of of 8 to 9 months). In Bhosari division, 26,966 consumers have not paid arrears of Rs 5.97 crore, which means average arrears of Rs 2,214 per consumer or roughly a bill amount of three months.In Rajgurunagar division, 31,771 consumers have not paid Rs 6.42 crore, wherein each consumer has not paid Rs 2,020 or bills for three months. The Ganeshkhind urban circle showed 61 commercial consumers who owed Rs 56 lakh, or average arrears of Rs 91,852 per consumer. Rasta Peth urban circle listed 81 commercial consumers who owed Rs 38.86 lakh (average arrears per consumer: Rs 47,975).\"If Pune zone, considered the best zone in Maharashtra has arrears of Rs 65 crore, what must be the situation throughout Maharashtra?\" the SNM has asked in the letter. \"We want Merc to direct the distribution company to publish a summary of arrears zone wise, categorywise and every month as well as the names of the top 100 defaulters. No tariff hike proposal should be entertained till the company brings down the arrears considerably,\" Velankar said.From May 2, the distribution company has started effecting load-shedding in areas that have large bill arrears and where company staff going to disconnect power supply of defaulters were attacked.In Pune the company has identified areas in Yerawada, Pimpri and Bhosari, where selective load-shedding is being enforced because of high arrears.Meanwhile, an official from the distribution company said that in keeping with the company's policy of stopping load-shedding in areas where consumers regularly pay their bills, Konkan and east Vidarbha region have been made free from power cuts. All the five divisions in Konkan will not have power cuts as will 18 divisions in east Vidarbha including Bhandara, Sakola, Ballarshah, Chandrapur, Allapalli, Gadchiroli and Gondia. Five divisions in Amravati will not have load-shedding while eight divisions will continue to have power cuts as the commercial and distribution losses there are still high.The official said that 30 divisions in western Maharashtra, excluding Daund, Akluj, Vita, Kavthemahankal and Sangli rural, are now free from load-shedding. 21 divisions in Kalyan and Bhandup, excluding Palghar, Mumbra, Shil, Diva, will have no power cuts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13077521", "title": "Gurbhej Brar's Panjabi Touch released", "text": "Gurbhej Brars introduction to the scene came with 'Kali Gani' &amp; 'Jattan De Munde Paun Boliyan' of the hit album Repazent by The Specialist &amp; Tru-Skool.Following on from this, Gurbhej Brar cemented his place on dancefloors globally with the anthem 'Hai Meri Maa' of the album Raw As Folk by 'Tru-Skool'. Since his explosive foray into the industry, fans have been frantically searching for a dose of this potent singer.This dose has now come packing a punch with the debut album 'Panjabi Touch' produced by Kaos Productions featuring a wide variety of tracks ranting from desi dance floor bangers, slow, soulful &amp; melodious numbers to thought provoking lyrical bangers. This album proves, if any was needed, that Gurbhej Brar is one of the best singers within the industry today and backed by the mighty Tru-Skool &amp; Kaos Productions - he is definitely here to stay.VIP Records are set to release Panjabi Touch on the 8th of May 2012!Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13074060", "title": "Raja seeks bail after Supreme Court relief for Behura", "text": "NEW DELHI: More than 15 months after their arrest in the 2G spectrum scam case, former telecom secretary Siddharth Behura and jailed ex-telecom minister A Raja's erstwhile personal secretary RK Chandolia were granted bail by the Supreme Court on Wednesday.This prompted Raja, now the lone accused in judicial custody since his arrest along with Behura and Chandolia on February 2 last year, to move a bail application before the trial court. The former minister, who was waiting for the outcome of Behura and Chandolia's petitions in the SC to apply for bail, argued in his plea, \"All the individual accused persons in this case except the petitioner (Raja) have been released on bail .... the petitioner is entitled to bail on the grounds of parity.\"Claiming that the case against him was \"false and fabricated\", and that he was \"likely to get acquitted\", Raja said he should be granted bail as he was unable to argue his case before the Joint Parliamentary Committee on 2G scam as well as Parliament's Public Accounts Committee. \"The PAC of the Parliament and the JPC are also looking into various aspects of this matter. The petitioner has been unable to put his case before the PAC and the JPC on account of his being in custody,\" his petition contended.Admitting his plea, the court issued notice to the CBI asking it give its response on May 11.An apex court bench of Justices G S Singhvi and H L Dattu ordered release of Behura and Chandolia on their furnishing a personal bail bond of Rs 10 lakh each with a surety of Rs 5 lakh each.While Behura had challenged the December 16, 2011 order of the Delhi High Court denying him bail, Chandolia had questioned the HC's December 1, 2011, suo motu decision on the basis of media reports to put on hold the bail granted to him by the trial court.Chandolia was not put back in judicial custody as he had already been released on bail by the time the HC passed the order and the apex court had on December 7 last year stayed the HC's order. On Wednesday, the bench of Justices Singhvi and Dattu set aside the HC's suo motu decision.Even after the Supreme Court had on November 23 last year granted bail to corporate executives, the HC had denied bail to Behura on the ground that he could not claim parity with them as his case stood on a different level as he was one of the \"perpetrators\" of the alleged illegal design of Raja. On November 23, the SC had granted bail to Unitech's Sanjay Chandra, Swan Telecom's Vinod Goenka and top Reliance ADAG executives Gautam Doshi, Hari Nair and Surendra Pipara.Others who have been released on bail are DMK MP Kanimozhi, Swan Telecom promoter Shahid Usman Balwa, his cousin Asif Balwa and their colleague Rajeev Agarwal, besides DMK-run Kalaignar TV MD Sharad Kumar and Mumbai filmmaker Karim Morani.Seeking bail, Raja said he was ready to abide by any condition imposed upon him and would not misuse the liberty. \"It is most respectfully submitted that the petitioner be directed to be released on bail till the final disposal of the case,\" his application said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13072271", "title": "'Meter reading in rural areas needs to be improved'", "text": "NASHIK: Agreeing that even today meter reading in agricultural areas had a lot of scope for development, the chief engineer of the Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited (MSEDCL), Nashik zone, said that the company was weak on the issue and was doing its best to improve the situation.A large number of farmers have recently been filing cases against MSEDCL in consumer forums and the verdicts have largely been against the company. When asked about this, Shinde said, \"Various measures have been taken to ensure that the reading of the meter of every consumer - residential, commercial or agricultural - is done by the ones who have been given the contract for the same. We have even penalized our staff and the outsources companies.\"The chief engineer also pointed out that the company had restored power supply connections to all those villages whose supplies had been cut owing to outstanding dues. \"The company has restored the electricity supply to water supply schemes despite their outstanding dues, keeping in line with the government orders for villages that have been hit by water scarcity,\" said Shinde.When asked about the underground cabling of power supply lines in the city, Shinde, who heads the Nashik zone comprising Nashik and Nagar districts, said, \"There was no exclusive plan to put cables underground in the city, except in a few pockets. But we are facing several difficulties in executing the job in limited areas of the old city from where the various processions (especially Ganpati) pass. The major issue is about the space in the old city area. All other things, including the work order, are in place.\"When asked about the measures to curb power thefts, Shinde said that the flying squads, appointed division-wise with a superintending engineer looking into the complaints or information about power thefts received, have been helpful in curbing the crime. \"The teams are ready to act upon the slightest of information received about power thefts and act accordingly. The cases of thefts have significantly dropped and can be gauged by way of losses that also have been significantly reduced to 12% on the whole from 18%,\" the chief engineer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13074923", "title": "Mumbai lodge manager identifies Baig in court", "text": "PUNE: The prosecution's case in the German Bakery blast trial got a boost on Wednesday after a Mumbai-based lodge manager identified the alleged conspirator, Mirza Himayat Inayat Baig, in court. The witness (name withheld) told additional sessions judge N P Dhote that Baig had stayed in the lodge under the name Mohammed Yusuf Mohammad Isaque on February 8, 2010.The prosecution has examined 64 witnesses during the blast trial so far. The manager is the first witness to depose against Baig.The blast at Koregaon Park on February 13, 2010, had killed 17 people and left 64 people injured.During direct examination conducted by special public prosecutor Raja Thakare, the witness told the court that he had entered the customer's name, now identified as Baig, and had noted other relevant details in the register. The witness said that Baig had identified himself as Mohammed Yusuf Mohammad Isaque, a resident of Udgir in Latur district. The witness also told the court that state anti terrorism squad (ATS) officials had come to him to collect information about Isaque on September 13, 2010.During cross examination by senior lawyer A Rehman and his junior Kainath Shaikh, the witness admitted that he had not verified the information given by the customer nor did he ask him to submit proof of his residential address. The witness further admitted that he could not give description of all customers present at the lodge on February 8, but said that Baig was given a bed to stay after he had given reference of one Abdul Samad Indori of Latur. The witness said he had issued a bill of Rs 150 to Baig, but did not furnish the duplicate receipt when the ATS officials came. According to the witness, Baig did not visit the lodge again.The witness refuted the defence lawyer's claim that he was identifying Baig as Isaque at the behest of the ATS.Another witness from the regional transport office at Ambejogai said that of the three blank driving licence forms seized from Baig, two had seals and signatures of the RTO. A social welfare officer deposed that there was no entry in the register that it had issued an handicapped persons identity card to Baig for getting travelling concession.Two more witnesses, including a pan shop owner and a panch witness at the lodge, also supported the prosecution's case. Thakare told TOI that Baig, during his stay in Mumbai, purchased a haversack and a cell phone. Thakare, however, refused to give any more details.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13073533", "title": "With few wedding dates this year, heavy rush for booking of pandals", "text": "ALLAHABAD: With just a few auspicious dates for marriages in next six months, there is heavy rush for booking of pandals in the city.It has been estimated about 4,000 marriages would be solemnised in more than 200 marriage pandals/community halls and wedding mandaps of the city.There is more demand for two auspicious dates -- November 29 and December 6. According to mandap owners, there are 17 auspicious marriage dates this year -- June 13, 14, 17, 23, 24, 28 and 29, November 26, 27, 28, 29 and 30, and December 6, 7, 8, 9 and 10. Owner of Akanksha Garden (marriage home), Anurag Mishra said there is great demand for dates like June 24, 28 and 29, November 24, 28 and 29 and December 6, 7, 8, 9 and 10.Some families are even getting recommendations from senior officials and politicians for bookings, he added.\"Since November 29 and December 6 are said to be more auspicious, people are ready to pay extra money for these dates,\" Mishra said.City-based astrologer AK Mishra too said that November 29 and December 6 are most auspicious dates this year. Besides mandaps, people are finding it difficult to book decorators and caterers.Most of the top decorators and caterers have already been booked and they are refusing to take further bookings. Manager at a wedding point said, \"People who failed to get pandals are running for community halls and parks for wedding purposes.\"Families who have already booked the mandaps or guest houses claim they have been paying additional money for the bookings. The decorations costs have also gone up by 20%.Ajay Tripathi, who booked a marriage pandal for his sister-in-law's marriage, said: \"I have paid Rs 70,000 instead of Rs 50,000 to get the bookings confirmed for November 29.\"He added that the rates for vegetarian and non-vegetarian plates have increased due to just few available dates of marriages.He added that since bands too are not easily available, they have booked a DJ band.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13077108", "title": "YRF brings Morocco to Mumbai for Salman", "text": "Salman 'controversy' Khan has been in and out of link-ups, love affairs, drunken brawls, legal tangles, the works, and yet, the quintessential brat of B-town refuses to mend his ways. What's more, no one seems to be complaining. Rather, they appear to be bending backwards to accommodate his whims and fancies.And so it is with the actor's latest: Yash Raj Films' Ek Tha Tiger being directed by Kabir Khan . Mirror has learnt that while the makers wanted to shoot a particular song in Morocco, Salman has compelled them to shoot it here, in aamchi Mumbai. Apparently, the reason the actor refrained from going to Morocco is his home production Dabangg 2.Last evening, a source told Mirror, \"For the last few days, Salman has been shooting only for Dabangg 2. Today, he was in Byculla and Film City after which he travelled to Thane for an event. Recently, he has been travelling a lot, especially for Ek Tha Tiger.\"Word is the film will be shot in ten different countries with quite a few sequences set in Ireland , Turkey and Cuba . \"Many of these have already been shot. The final schedule will be shot abroad. Earlier, the destination was Bangkok . Now it remains undecided,\" the source revealed.Meanwhile, buzz is Salman didn't spare YRF, telling them in his trademark style, \"Morocco nahin jana. Mood nahin hai.\" Needless to say, hearts sank and the unit was left to wonder what was would happen to their promotional song? However, Salman managed to calm frayed nerves saying he had no issues with the song but only with travelling abroad to shoot it.And what they say is indeed true that no one refuses Salman, for YRF was left with no other option but give in to Salman's wishes. The art director on the film was asked to step up the action, and work began around six to seven days ago on creating a helipad (read Morocco) right in the heart of Film City in Mumbai.Said the source, \"Time kahan tha? The song concept too has been changed slightly. The set itself will now have backdrops of several countries.\"The source added, \"Salman was pretty clear he wouldn't travel to Morocco for the shoot, which is now scheduled in Mumbai during the third week of May. Ab kya karen? Who can argue with Salman? Salman ne ek baar bol diya toh bol diya.\"But hasn't Salman given precedence to Dabangg 2 over Ek Tha Tiger? The source denied any such claim saying, \"It would be wrong to say that. Salman felt there was no need to go as far as Morocco for just one song.\"A YRF spokesperson defended Salman saying, \"He has already travelled to four countries for the film and will be travelling to Thailand for the next schedule. Being the professional he is, he is happy to go wherever the script requires. However, it was a completely creative decision taken by Kabir and Adi to put up a set rather than go on location for the song.\" Shooting for the song kicks off on May 16 at Film City.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13074020", "title": "Drug inspectors\u2019 crunch hits regulator hard", "text": "NEW DELHI: Getting a job in the country's top drug regulatory body - Central Drugs Standard Control Organization (CDSCO) - can take anywhere between 12 and 15 months. No wonder, the delay has led India suffering from an acute shortage of drug inspectors (DIs).CDSCO headquarters has only four deputy DIs and five assistant drugs controllers.According to the Parliamentary Standing Committee on health, these nine officers alone handle 20,000 applications, over 200 meetings, attend to 11,000 public/industry representatives, respond to 700 Parliament questions and around 150 court cases annually.Scrutiny by the Committee has found that the existing permanent strength is only 124 out of 327 sanctioned posts. It notes with serious concern that \"CDSCO is substantially under-staffed. Of the 327 sanctioned posts, only 124 are occupied. At this rate, what would be the fate of 1,045 additional posts that have been proposed is a moot point.\"CDSCO, which lays down standards of drugs, cosmetics, diagnostics, devices and regulatory measures, estimates that the nation requires 3,200 DIs for its six lakh chemists.However, only about 900 DIs are available for 1.2-billion-strong Indians.Ironically, India is one of the world's largest generic drug market. And, the nation's drug exports is expected to rise from Rs 42,000 crore to Rs two lakh crore over the next five years. The size of the medical devices industry would be Rs 1 lakh crore, and India is poised to become the hub of clinical research with a market size of around Rs 1 lakh crore.The report says, \"If the manpower requirement of the CDSCO does not correspond with their volume of work, naturally, such shortage of staff strains the ability of the CDSCO to discharge its assigned functions efficiently. This shortcoming needs to be addressed quickly. Consideration can also be given to employ medically qualified persons as consultants/advisers at suitable rank.\"However, the Union health secretary has informed the Committee that doctors don't join CDSCO. \"Though recruitment rules provide for appointing people with MBBS degree or/with pharmacology, microbiology, usually, there was no response from persons from these fields.\"The Union health ministry says it has already started filling 203 vacant posts in CDSCO through Union Public Service Commission. This includes two posts of joint drug controllers, five deputy drug controllers, 16 assistant drug controllers, 100 drug inspectors and 31 assistant drug inspectors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13073862", "title": "AICTE permits dual degree for private engineering colleges", "text": "BHOPAL: The All India Council of Technical Education (AICTE) has allowed private engineering colleges to run dual degree programme for bachelor of engineering and master of technology courses. This will help the students save time and money.Private engineering colleges will have to apply on-line from May 10 to 20 to begin the dual degree programme in their institutes.When contacted, spokesperson of Madhya Pradesh Association of Professional and Technical Institutes, BS Yadav confirmed that AICTE has started the dual degree programme in the private colleges from next academic session.On being asked about the benefits of conducting dual degree programme, Yadav said it would help students complete the graduation and masters courses in five and half years. \"Students have the opportunity of completing the both degrees in five years followed by a five months industry internship.Earlier, in the absence of industry internship for students, this used to be a six-year course,\" Yadav said.At present students spend around Rs 2 lakh on BE degree and around 1.25 lakh on M.Tech degree. \"After the dual course students would be able to save almost Rs 1 lakh,\" Yadav said.The dual degree programme will be available for the students completing third semester of their bachelor degree. Counseling will be organized in July, later this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "eros international, the biggest production house that has already bagged the 2 big films rajinikanth starrer kochadaiyaan and vijay's yohan", "code": "13077982", "title": "Eros bagged Suriyas Maatraan theatrical rights", "text": "Eros International, the biggest production house that has already bagged the 2 big films Rajinikanth starrer Kochadaiyaan and Vijay's Yohan: Adhyayam Ondru, has bought the Tamil theatrical rights of Suriya and Kajal Agarwal starrer Maatraan.K.V. Anand is wielding the megaphone for this action thriller that showcases Suriya in the dual roles, one with grey shade. Makers are gearing up for the audio launch by the end of June, while the film is reported to be releasing on August 15. Reportedly Eros International has acquired the Maatran rights for a whopping cost of Rs.43crores.Kalpathi S. Agoram is producing Maatraan, the ever made biggest film in Suriya's career on AGS Entertainment banner. Harris Jayraj is composing the music for Maatraan that has cinematography by S. Sounder Rajan, special effects by Stan Winston Studios and editing will be handled by Anthony.Source: haihoi.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13072603", "title": "TOI expose irks VC, says no fund to buy the paper", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Peeved by the recent expose by The Times of India about the dubious land deals of the Calicut University, the varsity vice-chancellor M Abdul Salam has decided to keep out the paper from the university library citing 'fund crunch'.Documents accessed by TOI reveal that the VC has personally overruled the approvals granted by the librarian of CH Mohammed Koya Memorial University Library and the registrar to subscribe the newspaper.The paper was being delivered to the university library from February 1 onwards. The registrar approved the newspaper subscription on April 25 with a 'may be granted' note on the file.But when the file reached for approval before the VC on April 30, he struck it down with the remark 'No, fund crunch... wait'. Interestingly the VC issued the order just days after the TOI exposed the varsity land scam in which the syndicate decided to allot prime university land worth crores of rupees to three private trusts and associations directly linked to the IUML top brass.The news had put the VC on the back foot and the varsity had to revoke the decision due to public outcry. For a library whose budgetary allotment of fund for 2012-13 is Rs 23 lakh, the 'fund crunch' argument of the VC does not hold ground.The library spends nearly Rs 20,000 a year to subscribe all the available Malayalam and English-language newspapers apart from Rs 18 lakh to buy journals. Apparently the library has not even fully utilized last year funds allotted to it.The development has affected the newspaper agent Baby K of Tenhipalam who came to know about the new order from the library. \"I have been supplying TOI to the library since February 1. I am not sure if I will be paid the money for paper I have supplied so far,\" she said. Meanwhile, education minister P K Abdurabb has said that the government will enquire about the issue if it is brought to the attention of the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13074082", "title": "Maharaja Yeshwantrao Hospital trauma centre craving critical care", "text": "INDORE: Proper care of critical patients at trauma centre of Maharaja Yeshwantrao Hospital (MYH), one of the largest government-run hospitals in Madhya Pradesh, is itself seeking an imminent 'critical care' for lack of vital equipment required for treatment.Absence of essential medical equipment like digital X-ray machine, MRI, CT scan, angiography and ventilator along with overburdened doctors with workload are reportedly emerging as prime obstacles in providing proper medical care to a large section of the populace, claimed sources.Lack of the essential medical gears force the patients to approach private hospitals and diagnostic centres in the city for necessary tests at unaffordable rates. Patients have to keep on running from pillar to post for treatment at this hospital.Nimesh Patidar, one of the family members of a seriously injured person in an accident, said, \"MYH is the nearest and largest hospital so we brought the victim here for treatment. The trauma centre here is in a bad condition as we are running for conducting tests from one building to another. In a government hospital, all diagnostic facilities should be done at nominal cost but as there are no facilities, we have to get it done from the private centres.\"The smooth functioning of the trauma centre has almost crippled due to acute shortage of super specialty doctors and supporting paramedical staff. The government in the XI Plan has proposed to upgrade and strengthen trauma centers that are situated on the national highways and golden quadrilateral, the highway network connecting country's four largest metro cities.Trauma centre at MYH, which is situated on NH3 or the AB Road, was one such centre in the state where about 74 posts including surgeons, anesthetists, medical officers, staff nurses and technicians are still waiting government sanction.A senior doctor at MYH said on condition of anonymity that the posts were to be filled after promoting the existing doctors working in the hospital but till now there is no headway on the matter. Appointments are on hold as one of the government medical colleges in the state tried to fill the posts against the norms, said the source. Situation is also grim as existing specialists are overburdened with work load.In the IX and X Plan, an amount of Rs 1.50 crore was sanctioned for the trauma centre out of which Rs 97 lakh was allotted. In the XI Plan, Rs 4.8 crore was sanctioned to upgrade and strengthen the trauma centre at MYH but it did not receive any allocation in the Plan.According to sources, at least one full-time doctor of the rank of assistant professor should be there in the casualty and trauma centre, which in fact is left entirely upon junior doctors. Absence of separate obstetrics ICU and blood storage unit at the centre are adding the woes of the patients.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13072999", "title": "Porvorim shooter rode a bicycle", "text": "PANAJI: The unknown person who shot Vaibhav Kalangutkar of Porvorim on April 23 had come on a cycle, police investigations have revealed. With this coming to light, Porvorim police are now investigating into the role of labourers working in the vicinity.\"We have been told that the shooter himself looked scared while shooting Kalangutkar. Also, he came on a bicycle. Due to this, we suspect that it is not the work of an organized gang or a skilled shooter, but handiwork of a labourer who was hired to shoot the victim\", police said.Kalangutkar was shot at by unidentified persons while he was driving home after work. The unidentified accused rode from the opposite direction on a cycle and shot Kalangutkar and fled. Police said Kalangutkar is in his 30s and is employed as an engineer in a company at Corlim.A seriously injured Kalangutkar of Porvorim was then rushed to GMC hospital after the incident. The shot was apparently fired from a country-made pistol.\"There were only two bullets in the pistol. Both shots were fired from a distance of about two to three feet. While one missed the victim, another hit him in the shoulder. Then, the pistol was thrown into the adjacent gutter\", Porvorim police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13077659", "title": "Harris completed 2 songs for Endrendrum Punnagai", "text": "Endrendrum Punnagai is the Tamil romantic comedy film that has music by Harris Jayraj. I. Mueenuddin Ahmed is wielding the megaphone for Endrendrum Punnagai.Jeeva and Trisha are pairing for the first time in Endrendrum Punnagai that is also touted to have Tamannah as the second female lead. However Tamanna has further rejected the offer due to date issues. The film is gearing up to hit the floors soon, as the lead pair is busy with their current commitments. The makers are expected to come out with the cast and crew details soon.Trisha is currently shooting the climax scenes with Vishal and director Thiru for their forthcoming venture Samar in Thailand. Meanwhile, Jeeva is shuttling between the sets of Mysskin directing Mugamoodi and Gautham Menon's Neethane En Ponvasantham with Samantha. Endrendrum Punnagai will hit the floors in this summer.Source: Way2movies.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13074427", "title": "Weightage of mid-term marks to be reduced: Rajasthan Technical University", "text": "JAIPUR: In a bid to stop malpractice in distribution of internals marks to engineering students, the Rajasthan Technical University has decided to reduce the weightage of mid- term marks awarded to students.The TOI, in its article, 'RTU to monitor internal marks' published on May8, 2012 had reported on engineering colleges doling out marks to students.RP Yadav, vice-chancellor of RTU said the move will bring greater transparency in the system. \"I will move this proposal in the academic council,\" he said.Every student appears in either one or two mid-term exams of 25 marks each for all subjects in every semester. Unlike MCA internal exams, where in, the RTU appoints examiners, in case of engineering exams, the college is given the responsibility of awarding marks.Every student has to score a minimum of 33% to clear both the exams. In every semester, over 60% students fail in at least one of the subjects.Principal secretary, technical education Vipin Chandra Sharma however, opposed the move of reducing weightage of mid-term marks.\"It will increase the stress on students,\" he said in the wake of rising number of suicides by engineering students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13075586", "title": "Student googled suicide after caught cheating during exam", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: How to commit suicide? Given Prashant Sajeendran's nature, not many of his friends would have imagined him searching google on ways to commit suicide. But this was what his personal computer revealed to his mother and brother after they found him hanging from the ceiling at his home hours after he was caught copying during exam.The moment the squad caught bits of paper from him, Prashant left the exam hall. He came home, shut himself in his room and hung himself.''Had he waited for us till the exam was over, we could have prevented this. But he was totally shattered and had just walked away,'' said Rohit, his college mate and friend. ''He had never ever talked about ending life. He always loved to have fun. He would walk into the classroom with sweets on almost everyday,'' said Rohit.His friends were in fact having a get-together on Monday evening after the final theory paper when somebody brought the bad news. ''We had come to know that he had been caught by the squad. But we never thought he would react in such a manner,'' said Abhay Shankar.Prashant had got placing in a leading IT company in Bangalore. ''Just a matter of a few practical exams and he would have been an engineer. He was so hardworking that he could have easily cleared the exams,'' said Rohit.''However, we still don't know why he had entered the hall with paper bits. He had three days study leave before the exams. The paper was not tough and Prashant was smart enough to clear it,'' his friends said.Prashant is the son of S Sajeendran and Sheela Sreedharan. He has a brother, Praveen. Prashant was cremated at Santhikavadom on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13073004", "title": "Congress confusion? Cortalim workers put the party in a fix", "text": "PANAJI: The Congress party's idea of having a one-to-one fight in the Cortalim bypoll hit a roadblock after the Cortalim Block Congress Committee refused to support any non-Congress candidate in the election.The Congress on Wednesday held a meeting at Congress house with aspiring candidates from Cortalim constituency, former deputy sarpanch Raymond D'Sa, Goa Pradesh Mahila Congress president Cynthia D' Sailva and block members to discuss the strategy for the Cortalim byelection.The meeting was attended by All India Congress Committee ( AICC) secretary Sudhakar Reddy, Goa Pradesh Congress Committee president Subhash Shirodkar, leader of opposition Pratapsingh Rane and others.\"Today (on Wednesday), we had a preliminary meeting to discuss the strategy for the Cortalim byelection and on Wednesday we will hold a meeting in Cortalim constituency with Congress workers to discuss the candidate for the byelection,\" said Reddy.Sources said that the Congress party wants to have a one-on-one fight in Cortalim, but the Cortalim block has clarified that if they have to support a non-Congress candidate, then they will not support the candidate.Sources also said when members of the Cortalim block questioned party leaders whether former PWD minister Churchill Alemao is in the race for the Congress ticket to contest the byelection, Rane said that there is no question of Churchill contesting the said byelection.Reddy also said that they will hold a meeting with Congress leaders on the Cortalim byelection.The Block has also clarified that if Raymond or Cynthia are given the ticket, then they don't have any problem work ing for the party.The BJP has already chosen Alina Saldanha as the party candidate for the Cortalim byelection on June 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13077112", "title": "Tejinder Singh withdraws from SC plea against Army chief Gen V K Singh", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a surprise move, retired Lt Gen Tejinder Singh today withdrew his petition from the Supreme Court seeking a CBI inquiry into the alleged misconduct of Army chief Gen V K Singh.Appearing before a bench of justices P Sathasivam and J Chelameswar, senior counsel Rajiv Dhawan urged the court to grant permission for withdrawing the petition.\"Your lordships please don't open the file at all. Kindly grant me permission to withdraw the petition and move the appropriate forum ,\" Dhawan urged the court.Accordingly, the bench granted permission for withdrawal of the petition.Tejinder Singh had approached the Supreme Court on April 25 seeking a CBI inquiry on the alleged role of the Army chief in the purported bugging of the defence minister's office and action against him for \"misconduct\".The government has already denied reports of bugging.The petition was filed days after the Army chief accused Tejinder Singh of offering him bribe of Rs 14 crore for purchase of Tatra trucks. Following the complaint by the Army chief, the CBI initiated a probe into the matter.He had also accused the Army chief of professional misconduct by making \"political statements\" while holding the key post. He had alleged the Army chief had stated that the Maoist problem in the country is the creation of the government when the Centre had sought help of the Army in Naxal-affected areas.Tejinder Singh had made the Army chief a party in his petition.He has also filed a criminal defamation case against Gen V K Singh and four other senior Army officers in a trial court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13073108", "title": "Gangster held on extortion charges", "text": "KOLKATA: Police on Tuesday arrested notorious gangster Shiu Kumar Rajak, an aide of dreaded don Seikh Binod, for allegedly running an extortion racket in south Kolkata's Lake Gardens. On Wednesday, he was remanded in police custody after being produced in Alipore court.Rajak is one of Binod's most trusted aides and was among the four who escaped from Dum Dum jail in 2003 with Binod and international drug lord Baikha Keema.Police claimed that Rajak was rearrested and released on bail around two and a half years ago. After coming out of jail, he initially joined the real estate trade, but gradually got involved in an extortion racket.He started working under instructions from Binod, who still runs his racket from inside the jail. But for sometime, Rajak was running a separate extortion racket, police claimed.\"Rajak was threatening several traders in south Kolkata. He was arrested on the basis of their complaints and a country-made gun was seized from his possession,\" said a police officer.In August 2008, a case of extortion was initiated against Rajak when he was behind bars. Evidence of his involvement in the extortion of a Bhowanipore-based trader was found after the arrest of Rajak's aide Sisir.In July 2007, Rajak was released from jail after four years. But hours after his release, he was rearrested by officers of Kolkata Police's anti-rowdy squad in connection with another case. Police believe Rajak is one of the most dangerous criminals after Binod, Gabbar, Gudda and Sona. All four are now cooling their heels behind bars.\"We believe interrogating Rajak will lead us to others in the racket that is active in south Kolkata and the city's southern fringes,\" said a senior officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13074398", "title": "Bangaru Laxman challenges conviction in high court", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former BJP president Bangaru Laxman has moved the Delhi high court challenging his conviction in a graft case. A special CBI court had recently sentenced him to four years in prison for taking Rs 1 lakh as bribe for a fictitious defence deal.Eleven years after having been caught in a sting operation, Laxman was convicted and on April 28, along with a fine of Rs 1 lakh.In his petition, Laxman argued that his offence was not proved and the trial court judge had wrongly convicted him. \"The judgment of the trial court has not considered the submission made by the witnesses even though it was in his favour,\" the petition said.The 72-year-old former Union minister was caught on camera in a 2001 sting operation conducted by news portal Tehelka accepting money in his chamber in the party headquarters. He had to quit as BJP president shortly after the expose.The video CDs, which were released by the portal on March 13, 2001, had sparked a political storm, forcing Laxman to quit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13077402", "title": "Lara Dutta to launch a DVD for pre-natal exercises", "text": "Being a mom is serious business. There are prenatal exercises, babymoons and baby showers and letting the world know how you get back into shape.Especially our trendy moms, who wear their motherhood as fashionably as the latest maternity line from the chicest brands. So if Karisma Kapoor, is endorsing baby care products, Shilpa Shetty is giving interviews about her pre-natal exercise regime and at a recent event, a heavily pregnant Madhu Sapre partied through the night in a luminous gown. Now we hear Lara Dutta , who recently delivered a baby girl, is about to launch a DVD for pre-natal exercises. In fact, the former Miss Universe has posed for the DVD herself, showing off her baby bump in bright green body suits. Making the most of the nine months and more?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13074043", "title": "Polluted Ganga is unable to provide potable water", "text": "KANPUR: The decline in the water level of river Ganga in the past fortnight has made the situation alarming in and around the region. Increasing pollution level in the holy river is also adding to the problem. The pollution has turned the water of Ganga into dark black/brown colour. It is because of this reason that the crisis of drinking water under, which the city is reeling these days would deepen in coming days.The Bhairoghat pumping station, which fetches nearly 20 crore litres of water from the Ganga is finding it difficult to meet the requirement. The staff of the pumping station is striving hard every day to get water from the river. This is happening as the river has drifted away from the ghats. Also the river has gone away from the Bhairoghat pumping station.Not only the water level of the Ganga has declined drastically at Bhairoghat, Ranighat, Magzine Ghat, Gola Ghat but also its colour has changed. The Jal Sansthan, which pumps water from the river from various city ghats has been toiling hard in doing the job. The Sansthan is incurring high cost in fetching raw water via pumping station out of the river Ganga. This is happening due to increased cost of the chemicals used to purify raw water.If the officials of Jal Sansthan are to be believed the water currently flowing in the river is being discharged from Ganga Barrage. The same water is flowing and reaching city ghats. The river water can therefore, not be used for any purpose including taking a dip in it or even drinking a drop of it as 'Ganga Jal'.Meanwhile, the scarcity of drinking water, has forced the city people to rely on handpumps and the water pumping motors or the submersible pump sets. But handpumps are unable to meet the water requirements. The people are largelly dependant on the submersible pumps. The water table in the city on the other hand has gone so down that deep water boaring is to be done to fetch ground water. This has not only increased the cost of the installing submersible pumps but also the cost of labour one has to pay. Those who can afford the expenses are getting the submersible pumps installed otherwise in the localities that are densely populated, people have to stand in queues with empty cans or buckets for their chance to fill water.TOI, has recently reported how the locals of Jajmau were finding it difficult to meet the water requirements in the absence of handpumps and the decline of the groundwater table. Even people do not mind in entering brawls and arguing with each other when it comes to filling water from the available sources. Areas like Gwaltoli, Sooterganj, Tilak Nagar, Arya Nagar, Harsh Nagar, Ashok Nagar, Lajpat Nagar, Vishnupuri people have started facing the acute shortage of water. The same is the situation in the densely populated areas like Jajmau, Chamanganj, Beconganj. This is happening due to decline in the water level in Ganga. The situation is likley to ease only when water would be released into river Ganga from Narora dam.The situation is so alarming that the seabed of the river is largely visible. The situation is not much different in Shuklaganj in Unnao where water channel of the river is very limited. The river has moved away from ghats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13074329", "title": "All eyes on Aamir Khan", "text": "JAIPUR: The conference hall at chief minister Ashok Gehlot's official residence was jam-packed with both local and national electronic and print journalists. The kind of environment prevailed at that time suggested that Gehlot would come and announce a new policy on the state's development for which the journalists were eagerly waiting for him for more than an hour.But they have all gathered for the arrival of Bollywood star and \"entertainer\" Aamir Khan who took up the cause of girl child and visited the city to plead for speedy trail of female feticide with Gehlot. And when he came out with Gehlot in a white shirt and jeans with a soft smile on his face all cameras started flashing.During the interaction, Gehlot praised Khan for his efforts in highlighting the evil practice of female feticide to the people. It is after all Khan's TV show that made female feticide, which is being practiced for years in the country, looked like a recent outbreak of an epidemic for which the state government is searching for remedies. A journalist asked Gehlot as to why serious efforts were not being made earlier by the government to tackle the issue.Khan said the situation changes and individuals will have to make efforts from time to time. \"I think for a change to come it does not take a long time. It can happen in a day. It is up to you that you can change your thinking in a day. One has to decide whether he will not take part and not let his family members involve in this issue,\" he said while speaking on female feticide.The actor added that people have hopes on police, administration and government to end the evil practice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13072442", "title": "3-year-old plastic bag ban fails, govt drafts new law", "text": "NEW DELHI: In 2009, the Delhi government launched an ambitious programme to rid the city of plastic bags. Having failed to tackle its municipal waste problem, the city was ordered by the high court to address the plastic issue. Banning plastic bags was as much a face-saving effort as it was an attempt to portray Delhi as an environment-friendly city. Cut to May 2012. The three-year-old ban has more or less fizzled out. The government is now formulating another law that will ban not just sale and distribution but also manufacturing of plastic.Since November 2011, the environment department has been sifting through objections and suggestions to the fresh draft that were invited last year. Officials say it will take at least another two months before the draft can become a law. Meanwhile, not only are plastic bags visible everywhere, some shops are actually selling them if customers come without their own carry bags.Vinod Jain, director of NGO Tapas, whose PIL against poor waste management practices had the court issue this order, says that the ban failed in the city because the state pollution control department did not receive any help from civic agencies. \"Delhi Pollution Control Committee almost single-handedly carried out whatever raids there were. It had to be assisted by Municipal Corporation of Delhi, New Delhi Municipal Council and the area deputy commissioners. However, other than a slight intervention from the DCs, civic agencies carried out no inspections despite repeated requests from the environment department,\" he said.Environment department officials blame the process of penalizing for the failure of the ban. Punishment for violation of both the existing ban and the proposed ban will be under the Environment Protection Act, 1986 that prescribes a maximum jail term of five years and a maximum penalty of Rs 1 lakh. The DPCC member secretary would have to be present in court for all cases. \"In the past three years the department could issue only 245 challans. We were specifically targeting big shops and brands and did not want to harass smaller shopkeepers,\" said an official. \"We also contemplated spot challans but that did not work out. The plastic lobby is too strong and often succeeds in thwarting our efforts to curb usage,\" said an official.What's worse is that since the ban came into force, the environment department has seen three secretaries - the fourth one having just joined office - and three DPCC member secretaries. \"By the time one gets the hang of things and starts pushing for implementation, there is a change in the system,\" said a source.However, there are some who believe that the ban only hurts the interests of the poor community and is only an effort to brush the government's incompetency under the carpet. This specially holds true since the government has failed to come up with any suitable alternatives. \"Paper and cloth are not cost-effective when one considers that an entire packet of plastic bags comes for a few rupees. How will a vegetable vendor be able to compete with big chains when it comes to providing convenience to customers. Viable alternatives should have been made available before the ban was implemented,\" said a source.Bharati Chaturvedi, director of NGO Chintan, said, \"Solid waste management is the solution. Blindly banning something does not help. However, now that it has been done, the government also needs to look at managing multilayered packets like gutka pouches and chips packets. Encouraging manufacturers to take responsibility for their products would be a better solution. A take-back policy should be proposed, even if it takes a couple of years to implement.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13074084", "title": "2G scam: Trial court has no reason to deny bail to Raja, lawyer says", "text": "NEW DELHI: During his stay in jail for fifteen months, former telecom minister A Raja did not even once move the trial court for bail unlike other co-accused in the 2G spectrum allocation scam.His counsel Sushil Kumar had earlier told TOI that Raja was waiting for the right time to move for bail. Now, with the Supreme Court granting bail to former telecom secretary Siddharth Behura and Raja subsequently moving for bail in the trial court on the \"grounds of parity\", lawyers in the 2G case said his chances of getting bail had got better.Vijay Aggarwal, counsel for Raja's ex-aide RK Chandolia, said that after the apex court's order, the special CBI court \"should not have any reservations\" in granting bail to Raja. Besides granting bail to Behura, the apex court on Wednesday also upheld the trial court's order granting bail to Chandolia. \"The Supreme Court said that bail not jail should be the principle. The trial court's stand of granting bail to Chandolia has already been vindicated. I don't see why Raja be treated differently,\" said Aggarwal.Earlier, CBI had opposed Behura's bail saying complicity of public servants should be viewed \"seriously\" and if he (Behura) was released, Raja may also seek the same relief on ground of parity. Even the trial court, while granting bail to Chandolia, noted that his case \"cannot be equated\" with that of Raja and Behura.But as Behura was given bail by the apex court, Raja's lawyer Sushil Kumar said the trial court should have \"no reason\" to deny bail to the DMP MP. \"I was very clear from the beginning that I will not ask Raja to move bail until Behura is given bail. Both were kept on a different footing as others but when one is given relief, then I don't see why Raja should not be given bail,\" he said.Behura's counsel Aman Lekhi said that though his client was given bail, he was not sure what stand the CBI would take on Raja's bail plea. \"CBI said Behura was a public servant but at present he is retired. The agency did not seek cancellation of CWG OC chief Suresh Kalmadi's bail of that of Kanimozhi. There cannot be indefinite incarceration during a trial,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13074898", "title": "Varsity guard murder case : Police announce cash reward for providing information", "text": "PUNE: Groping in the dark for clues to the murder of UoP's security supervisor Prahlad Jogdandkar, the Pune police on Wednesday announced a cash reward of Rs 25,000 for anyone who will provide vital information about the murder that took place six days ago.Jogdandkar was shot dead by unidentified person on Thursday night at the university premises. Jogdandkar and his colleague Babasaheb Nikalje had caught the man and a woman in the isolated area behind the servants' quarters. Following an altercation, the man shot at Jogdandkar, killing him on the spot. The Chatushrungi police and the crime branch of Pune are investigating the case.While appealing the people to come forward with information, police said the name of the informer will not be disclosed.Police have appealed to the people to contact inspector Ajay Kadam (9967444902) of the Chatushrungi police station, inspectors of the crime branch Bapusaheb Kutwal (9823680999) and Satish Goverkar (9892248769) on their cell phone numbers to give information.The complainant of the case Babasaheb Nikalje has given the first name of the woman, who was with the suspect on Thursday night. The suspect had called her by a name. \"We have checked more that 10 women having that particular name but, we could not trace the suspected woman,\" said a senior police officer from the crime branch.He said that the police also have checked the criminals on police record residing around the UoP. \"We have also questioned the suspects held in the Arms Act case before. But, at present we do not have any clue about the suspect,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13075559", "title": "Protesters makes life difficult for commuters on MG Road", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Despite the high court ruling banning protest marches that block traffic, the situation in front of the Secretariat on any working day continues to remain unchanged.This nerve centre of the state's administration witnessed six protest marches on Wednesday morning with protesters making life difficult for pedestrians and motorists on MG Road for more than three hours. They also, as usual, littered the streets, making things difficult for the Corporation.A police officer on duty in front of the Secretariat said the force was helpless. \"Every day we have our work cut out with protesters disrupting traffic and blocking the footpath with chairs. We can't forcefully remove them without orders from higher ups,\" he said.The city police plans went haywire on Wednesday. From gold merchants to Anganwadi workers, around 2,000 people marched to the Secretariat in a span of three hours in six different groups.\"In fact, there was an error of judgment, and hence we couldn't plan traffic diversion as we do on similar days,\" said a source in the city police. As a result, vehicles choked MG Road, and it took police 30 to 50 minutes to clear the half kilometre stretch from Spencer Junction to the Secretariat south gate.The shop owners on MG Road, who are used to this phenomenon, were also upset over the unusual block on Wednesday. Malik who manages a medical store at Statue Junction thinks protests are being a bit overdone. \"Protests are fine, but they are becoming less effective as people are protesting for each and everything,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13072491", "title": "SC sets parameters for scrutiny of Nupur\u2019s plea", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Wednesday said it would not get into examining the correctness of the order of the special court in Ghaziabad that summoned dentist couple Nupur and Rajesh Talwar to face trial in the sensational Aarushi-Hemraj murder case. The court stressed it would only examine whether the magistrate had applied her mind to crucial documents and evidence.A bench of Justices A K Patnaik and J S Khehar said it was the job of the magistrate alone to appreciate the evidence and take a prima facie view on it before summoning persons to face trial. \"If it has not been done, then it has to be done only by the magistrate and neither by the high court or the Supreme Court,\" it said.The court's decision not to weigh the evidence came along with the remark that it was not going to be swayed by the emotional argument that Aarushi was Nupur's daughter, and on a day when May 11 was set as the day for the formal launch of trial. \"It is not a question of mother or father but accused. Mother argument is purely emotional,\" the bench said.Appearing for Nupur, senior advocate Harish Salve had said the point of consideration before the apex court was whether the magistrate could have taken a different view had she applied her mind to the entire evidence. \"Was it a misdirected view to summon because the magistrate missed a few crucial documents? Please correct that misdirection. After all, a mother is being sent to trial,\" he said.However, Justices Patnaik and Khehar assured Salve that it would examine whether the special magistrate had carefully assessed all the evidence. \"If we find from the statement of witnesses and documents that the magistrate has not appreciated the evidence properly or misunderstood something, then we are not going to decide whether the summons were correct or not. We will send it back for fresh application of mind by the magistrate,\" the bench said.Salve said there were instances in the summoning order where the magistrate had misunderstood the evidence and on other occasions, the CBI had deliberately misled the trial court by planting seeds of doubt.The bench asked, \"Why would the CBI plant suspicion against the parents when its final report suggested closure of the case?\" It asked Nupur to submit charts of evidence which ought to have been considered by the magistrate but was ignored. The CBI was represented by senior advocate Siddharth Luthra after additional solicitor general Harin Raval withdrew from the case following an outpouring of anguish by Justice Patnaik during the last hearing. The judge had asked Raval not to threaten the court when the law officer had said it was beyond the rules for a review petition to be heard in open court in detail with analysis of evidence.When Salve said the evidence was constantly improved upon from what was stated in Aarushi's postmortem report, the bench said, \"The magistrate is not supposed to give a conclusive finding on the evidence at the initial stage. If we in the court were to give any comment on the evidence either way, it would be dangerous for the case. If you press for it, we have to draw a conclusion, which would be harmful for the prosecution and the accused.\"To substantiate Nupur's claim that CBI attempted to improve its case to make the trial court suspect the parents, Salve said Aarushi's postmortem report did not show any abnormality in her private parts but the agency introduced doubts by getting three more statements from Dr Sunil Dohre, who had not recorded those findings in the postmortem report.\"The closure report by CBI is so designed to make the trial court reopen the case,\" Salve said. The bench asked, \"Dr Sunil Dohre is the only one who had seen Aarushi's body. But why was he spoken to repeatedly by Dr Dogra at the behest of Talwars' relative? The magistrate had to draw certain conclusions in the summoning order. You can question them during the trial and debunk them through cross-examination of witnesses.\"Before concluding his arguments, Salve presented to the court several points which according to him demonstrated that the crime was committed by outsiders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13074656", "title": "City's Florence Nightingale gets national honour", "text": "NAGPUR: Sujata Lokhande, a staff nurse from Daga Memorial Hospital, has used her personal suffering to propel herself into providing succour to others. Her dedication has fetched the 51-year-old nurse the national Florence Nightingale award.Lokhande's passion to serve her patients arose from the sufferings around her. Sujata spent her childhood watching her father beat up her mother every day merely because she was a woman. After marriage, she was forced to take up a job as her husband didn't allow her to spend his money.She will be presented with the award and Rs 50,000 cash by President Pratibha Patil on May 12, the International Nurses' Day celebrated in memory of Florence Nightingale, an English nurse who did pioneering work in nursing. Lokhande happens to be the first sister from Vidarbha to receive this prestigious award.She had always served her patients with utmost sincerity right from the first day of her job. But it was only when she was transferred to the District Mental Hospital that the plight of patients, each of whom had a moving story behind his/ her presence in the hospital, changed her attitude towards her profession. It does not even take her a few minutes to bond with her patients. She remembers every one by name and narrates each incident with date and time.\"I always wanted to be a teacher. I wanted to imitate my best teachers, Pramila Belsare and Prabhakar Chafekar. But fate did not give me the opportunity. I was forced to take up a job and be economically independent within a month's time after my marriage. I am very sensitive and would not tolerate anything below my self esteem. My husband Prem challenged me to not touch his pocket for money and I walked out in search of a job and landed up taking the nurse training course at Mayo hospital. However, I have no regrets whatsoever for being a nurse,\" said Lokhande.A recipient of the best worker award in Daga Hospital and the district-level best nurse award she has always been on the forefront in the profession. There was a time when she would walk from her training place in Indira Gandhi Government Medical College and Mayo Hospital because she had no money to take a bus home. Her husband was suffering from severe sickle cell anaemia which remained undiagnosed for many years and was on the verge of death more than once.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13073165", "title": "UT power department is overstaffed: Joint Electricity Regulatory Commission", "text": "CHANDIGARH: UT power department's oft-repeated alibi that breakdowns are not fixed in time due to shortage of manpower doesn't hold true if Joint Electricity Regulatory Commission (JERC) is to be believed. According to their observation, UT is \"overstaffed\" with per person employee more than national average, while UT disagrees. Above all the department is confused regarding the yardsticks used for declared city overstaffed when there is a crunch of more than 500 employees.In the petition sent to JERC, education department had stated that the sanctioned strength of staff in the year 1990-91 was 1,790 whereas the number of consumers were 1,30,234. Now the number of consumers have increased to 1,97,544 while the staff strength has been reduced to 1,130.UT superintending engineer M P Singh said, \"We have no idea on what basis did JERC reach the conclusion that UT electricity department is overstaffed. Even ministry of finance had sanctioned us more than 1,700 employees after inspection in 2002, but JERC is calling us over staffed with only 1,130 employees left to look after 1,97,544 consumers. Moreover, out of 1,130 employees, 44 will retire by the end of this year.\"Agreeing to the staff crunch, UT Powermen Union's general secretary Gopal Dutt Joshi said, \"In city people start making noise within 10 minutes of the power cut and it takes us time because there is no manpower. One person has to look after many areas and if all of them have a fault it will take an entire day to fix it. Without employees quality services cannot be expected out of the department.\"Tariff orders dated July 16, 2011, approved the recruitment of 161 employees for which the process was on and two recruitments were made. In tariff order May 8, 2012, it is stated that despite the approval of 161 employees only two recruitments were made. This indicates that the department doesn't need 159 employees and since the financial year of approval is over the work seems to be going fine and therefore there is no need of recruitments.However, despite the orders UT electricity department is all set to recruit employees. \"We are through with interviews and the final list is ready. Since we need staff we will recruit 60-70 employees which we have finalized,\" said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13073411", "title": "CM urged to roll backVAT law amendment", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar on Tuesday assured a Bihar Chamber of Commerce (BCC) delegation that he would look into the problems facing the members of trade and industry due to amendment brought about in the Bihar VAT Act 2005 not allowing carryforward of excess input tax (purchase tax) to the next financial year for adjustment against output tax (sales tax).Expressing its concern over the amendment in the VAT Act through a state gazette notification dated March 31, 2012, the BCC delegation led by its president O P Sah explained to the CM that the amendment was unrealistic and impractical as the goods purchased by a dealer in the month of March cannot be presumed to be sold on or before March 31. The amendment would cause great hardship to the members of trade and industry, the BCC delegation said. This would also result in loss of revenue to the state as the companies normally push sale of goods in the month of March. If input tax on such purchases are denied, this would affect the sale, making the state lose substantial VAT revenue, Sah added.He said business is run with borrowed money, on which traders have to pay interest. Denial of input tax credit to traders would amount to blocking of their working capital and payment of interest thereon, he said, seeking reconsideration of the amendment in the VAT Act.The convenor of JD(U) Traders' Cell, Lallan Kumar Sarraf, who was present on the occasion, also briefed the CM about the difficulties facing traders due to the said amendment in the Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13077293", "title": "Sandeep Sony to release Dil Kamina", "text": "Born in village 'Bias' in Punjab, people know him as 'Bias Pindia' as well. His passion for music lead him to Chandigarh Sangeet Kala Kendra, where he learnt the basics of music. During that time he realised that he actually wants to establish his name in the field of music. In his early 20's, he came to New Zealand as an IT student and came in contact with music producer Prabh Near (Prabhi).Sandeep and Parbh Near (prabhi) started to work on Sandeep's debut album, Dil Kamina, in 2011 and the album is all set to release now under Goyal Music. Produced by Prabh Near (prabhi), the album has nine tracks, 8 of which are written by Sandeep Sony himself, and one by Harpreet Sandhu.\"One Man Army\" describes this man perfectly. Stepping into the music field as composer, singer, lyricist, music producer, sound designer and list goes on. Prabh Near (prabhi) belongs to a musical family and has extensively learned and been trained in classical and folk music.He can play numerous instruments, including harmonium, piano, tabla, dholak, and drums to name a few. Prabhi started his career as a music arranger before producing music on his own. In his short career he already has given hits such as Hathyar (Gurminder Maddoke), Nach Ke Harauna (Sony Dhugga), Facebook (Sandeep Sony), Chakk Chakk (Deep Jandu), and Pani Paa Ke etc. Currently he is working on a number of projects with various singers and music banners.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13072421", "title": "Cost and availability make it hard to oust plastic bags", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three years after the use of plastic bags was banned, white thin plastic covers continue to proliferate in city markets. Though major book stores and coffee outlets switched to paper bags after the high court ruling in 2009, local markets with mid-level traders are still teeming with violators.At the time of implementing the ban, the Delhi government had also ensured the closure of several plastic manufacturing units to check its supply. But plastic bags managed to find their way back into grocery stores, sweet shops and vendors' stalls. And it seems like they're here to stay.Traders prefer plastic bags since they are cheap and easy to procure. \"Often customers do not carry their own bags so we are forced to give them plastic bags which cost merely 60p per bag. Most customers demand a carry bag even if they buy just one product. We can't afford cloth and paper bags - which come at a price of Rs 3-4 - given our profit margins,\" said a trader at a market in CR Park. Plastic works for vendors too because it is a cheap packaging material that is easily available. \"We get polythene bags from wholesale markets in Azadpur and Sadar Bazaar,\" said a hawker at the market opposite Pallika Bazaar.Shopkeepers at grocery and crockery shops in Batla House market agree. They feel that using paper bags is not a feasible option. \"If someone buys a heavy crockery item, a paper bag will not be able to take its weight. Also, there are no takers for jute bags which are bigger and costlier,\" said Abdul Rehman, a store owner.For many customers, it is not convenient to carry a bag every time they shop. \"It is cumbersome to carry a bag each time I make a trip to the local market. If I buy 10 or 20 twenty items, I require more than one bag. It's just easier to purchase the bag,\" said Sanjana Mishra, a shopper at Community Centre, New Friends Colony.However, departmental store chains advise customers to carry their own bags. While paper bags and net bags are available for free at outlets like Big Apple, they hardly suffice in cases of large-scale purchases. The other option available for customers is to buy jute bags at a price of Rs 5-10 each but most customers complain about the extra charges. \"We provide the option of buying the bags from customers once their purpose is over,\" said Gagan Malik, director of a departmental store in Greater Kailash.Despite warnings, traders at MCD registered markets continue to sell their wares in plastic bags. \"We issue notices from time to time but we are not the controlling authority. There is rampant use of such bags in the market,\" said an official of the traders' welfare association, Central Market, Lajpat Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13074109", "title": "Popular painkiller Analgin in dock for over promotion", "text": "NEW DELHI: Now Analgin, a popular painkiller, is in the eye of a storm. The drug is approved in India for \"severe pain or pain due to tumor and also for bringing down the temperature in refractory cases when other anti-pyretics fail to do so.\"However, the parliamentary standing committee on health has found that the product insert of Baralgan-M and Novalgin - the two top selling brands of Analgin - recommend its use in \"severe or resistant pain and fever\" but the words \"when other anti-pyretics fail to do so\" have been omitted, thus leading to over promotion.According to the committee, the drug is banned in several countries across the world, including the US, France, Armenia, Morocco, Syria, Yemen, Zimbabwe, Lithuania, Nigeria, Serbia, the Philippines, Nepal, Vietnam, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, Japan and Iran.It says that Analgin crosses the placenta and should not be used during pregnancy. Similarly women, who are breast feeding, must not use the drug.\"How many people know this? As per documents submitted by the Union health ministry, the issue of withdrawing Analgin has not been seriously considered,\" said the committee report placed in the Rajya Sabha on Tuesday.Dr C M Gulhati, a drug expert said, \"Analgin was found in 1920s in Germany. Presently, it has been discontinued in most parts of the world. So it makes no sense for India to continue using it. Since 1920, several painkillers have come in which are less dangerous and more effective.\"The Committee noted that there are a large number of alternative analgesics, antipyretics in the Indian market. \"With so many countries banning Analgin, not to mention unlawful over promotion by manufacturers, the CDSCO should be directed to re-examine the rationality of continued marketing of Analgin,\" the panel said.Experts say a drug becomes a candidate for withdrawal not only due to serious side-effects but also when safer, more efficacious drugs are launched.\"Unfortunately, no attention is being paid to this issue. This principle should apply to all cases and all drugs need to be evaluated periodically,\" it added.Analgin, virtually sold as over the counter (OTC) drug without prescription, isn't part of the National List of Essential Medicines (NLEM).The report says, \"There has been lot of public concern on the continued availability of potentially harmful drugs in India years after such products were banned and/or withdrawn abroad, more particularly in highly developed countries like United States, Canada, Britain, the European Union , Australia.\"Analgin remained in the market worldwide until the 1970s, when it was found that it carried risk of causing severe fall of white cells (agranulocytosis), which is a potentially fatal condition.The US had banned the drug on June 27, 1977. Analgin was also banned for use in animals in 1995 in the US. Sweden banned the drug in 1997, while France had stopped sale of the drug nine years later due to negative benefit/risk evaluation. Morocco had banned it in May, 2000 on the recommendation of the National Advisory Commission for Pharmacovigilance following an official survey which showed severe adverse reactions associated with this product.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13074764", "title": "Corporation mulls shifting Omni bus stand to Ukkadam", "text": "COIMBATORE: In an attempt to decongest the city streets and ensure smooth flow of traffic, the city corporation is thinking about shifting the Omni bus stand from the present location on Sathy Road near Gandhipuram to the vacant land available near Ukkadam sewage farm.According to senior corporation officials the proposal is to allot about 10 acres of land as parking space for Omni buses from the total 100 acres of corporation owned land next to the Ukkadam Sewage Treatment Plant.The Omni bus owners association has already expressed doubts about the feasibility of shifting the bus stand to Ukkadam as they had earlier sought for a new location on Avinashi Road. However, corporation Commissioner TK Ponnusamy said that the Bus Stand has to be shifted out but the civic body is yet to finalise the location.\"The vacant land in Ukkadam is being suggested as a possible location for the new Omni Bus Stand. But we are not fully convinced about the plan as there is no proper approach-space to the proposed site,\" said R Baskaran, President, Tamil Nadu Omni Bus Owners Association (Coimbatore).According to senior corporation officials, the idea is to demarcate about 10 acres of land and level the ground and fence it to be used as a parking space for the Omni Buses presently operating out of the terminal on the busy Sathy Road. Remaining works at the bus terminus could be completed in a phased manner, they claimed,\"We could level the ground and then fence it up and start using it as a parking space for the Omni buses thereby avoiding them from entering the city,\" said a senior corporation official. Corporation officials will prepare a draft proposal examining all feasibility factors connected with the shifting before officially finalising the location.Omni Bus Operators Association representatives claimed that if the corporation asks them to shift to Ukkadam then they will not have any other option but to comply with it. At present the bus stand is on Sathy Road and occupies about 45 cents of land.More than 100 buses operate from the bus stand at the moment and there is no adequate space to park all vehicles inside and some of them are parked outside the terminus leading to traffic congestion in the area.\"There is some vacant land available next to the present bus terminus which is owned by the corporation they could also opt for expanding the present bus stand with more space to park vehicles,\" Baskar added.Omni bus owners also suggested that if the corporation wanted to completely prevent buses from entering the heart of the city then they could shift the bus stand to some ideal place in Saravanampatty or neighbouring areas in the suburbs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13074694", "title": "Man faces case over allegations against judge", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur bench of Bombay high court has taken suo motu cognisance in a case of criminal contempt by a citizen making baseless allegations against a serving judge of the HC.A division bench of justices Ambadas Joshi and Sadhana Jadhav on Tuesday fixed the next date of hearing as June 11 and appointed Abhay Sambre as amicus curiae in the case.National secretary of an NGO, Human Rights Security Council, Rashid Khan Pathan and the state government through Nagpur commissioner of police were made respondents. Khan had written a letter to the chief justice and other authorities on April 9 making series of allegations against a serving high court judge.According to Sambre, Khan alleged that the judge had not decided his criminal application on merits and criticised him for passing an adverse judgment.The citizen's application had prayed for quashing of a police complaint against him for offences punishable under sections 358, 417, 419, 500, 506, 468, 469, 471 read with 34 of IPC by Pusad police station in Yavatmal. A complaint in this regard had been lodged by president of Pusad Bar Association Meghraj Dhule.After the adverse judgement, Khan had accused the judge of misusing powers, violating oath taken as high court judge and also Article 14 of the Constitution of India by acting in a biased manner.He further claimed that the judge violated directives of the Supreme Court and also invited its contempt, incapacity or lack of knowledge to act as a judge, inability to perform duty, incapacity to understand basic provisions of law, not permitting the counsel for petitioner to argue, passing the order by taking into consideration factors not raised by the prosecution or petitioner, joining conspiracy of corruption and criminal misconduct.Taking serious cognisance of the allegations, the judge had directed the high court registrar to take further steps regarding contempt of court.Sambre said Khan's case was decided on merits and his allegations were not justified as any judge or presiding officer decides a matter presented before him on the basis of pleading and legal position, and it's a duty of lawyer as a court officer to assist the court. He added that the allegations are not only false, baseless and imaginary, but also made with an ulterior motive and revengeful attitude which amounts to contempt of court.The amicus curiae prayed for punishment to Khan for his act of criminal contempt and also impose exemplary cost on Khan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13074377", "title": "Manipuri students take out rally", "text": "MYSORE: Seeking a thorough probe into the death of 19-year-old Manipur student Richard Loitam, who was found dead in mysterious conditions in Bangalore three weeks ago, around 100 Manipuri students in Mysore took out a silent rally here on Wednesday.After the rally concluded at Oval Ground, the students garlanded the photo of Richard Loitam and mourned for 15 minutes by lighting candles.They urged the authorities concerned to take action against the two main suspects - Vishal Banerjee and Afzal Ali.\"The rally is not in favor of any community. Three weeks ago, Richard Loitam was allegedly murdered but the process of taking action against the suspects is very slow,\" Mongbi Jam, II PU student, said.According to Apanba Loitong and Richard G Momini, these kind of incidents will create panic among parents of the students who are pursuing various courses here.\"Bullying still exists in a few colleges. the authorities have to conduct a probe into the death of Richard Loitam to know the ground reality. If such incidents continue and no action is taken against the culprits, parents will think that it is unsafe to send their children to different places for education,\" they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "ghumar nidhi", "code": "13073218", "title": "Off to Bangalore, one stitch at a time", "text": "GHUMAR NIDHI: Swati Prabhakar of Ghumar Mandi hardly has time these days to sit still for a minute as she checks out different fabrics, looks through patterns and sketches designs. The fashion designer is gearing up for a fashion week in Bangalore where she wants to grab eyeballs with her work.While she is slogging for the show in June, Swati assures that she is not suffering anxiety pangs as it will not be her first tryst with the glamour world. The 25-year-old has already designed dresses for two Punjabi movies.\"After graduating from Inter National Institute of Fashion Design (INIFD) I worked as an assistant costume designer for the movie 'Desi Munde'. It was the first assignment of my career and a dream come true as I worked with experienced actors like Bunty Grewal, Balkar Sidhu and Prikshit Sahni. Recently I designed for Neeru Bajwa for another Punjabi flick - 'Pinky Moge Wali','' says Swati. Dismissing the popular notion that Punjabi movies are orthodox, Swati says for 'Pinky Moge Wali', she also designed the costume for and item number by Jividha Mishra.Comfortable designing both traditional Indian clothes and western outfits, Swati says before starting work on a costume she goes through detail characterization. Giving a peep into her future plans, Swati says, \"Besides the fashion week I have two Punjabi movies on hand and two Hindi movies in the pipeline. I want to make it big in Bollywood too.''For her success thus far, Swati credits her friend Harman Arora. \"I have been able to prove my abilities because he went out of his way to support me,'' she says. Swati's father Ashok Prabhakar, who has a garments business, is proud that his daughter's talent is being recognized. \"She has much more potential and I am certain she will continue reaching more heights,'' he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13074420", "title": "No job in government college for engineers failing in semester examination", "text": "times news networkJAIPUR: The state technical education department has decided to bar engineers, who have failed in any of the subjects in any semester, from applying for a job in a government engineering collegeThe decision has been implemented with immediate effect. It came after activist Manoj Kamra filed an appeal before the technical education department asking it how does it expect quality teaching from candidates who took more than one attempt to clear 'back' exams.He supported his appeal with an RTI report which revealed that majority of the faculty in the seven government engineering colleges took more than one attempt to clear 'back' papers while pursuing B.Tech and M.Tech.\"This decision will ensure that only meritorious candidates will apply for a job in government colleges. Candidates who took more than one attempt to clear their back exams deserve less preference,\" said RP Yadav, vice-chancellor, RTU.An RTU official said nearly 70% students fail in at least one of the subjects in every semester in engineering colleges, but for premier institutes like MNIT, the figure stands at 20%.Kamra said the existing system has major loopholes. One being that those who appear for back exams more than once have better chances of scoring more marks. \"I have come across many cases in which a student clears a back exam of first semester in the fourth semester with high scores. It is an injustice to other students who work hard and pass all the papers in the same semester,\" he pointed out.Acting on his appeal, the technical education department had formed a committee to look into changes that can be incorporated in the existing system. The cThe colleges which will fall under this category are Bikaner College of Technology and Engineering, Government Women College in Ajmer, Government Engineering College in Ajmer, Jhalawar, Bikaner. and Bikaner along with Rajasthan Technical University.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13077338", "title": "Ritesh Sidhwani's wife joins the glam wives\u2019 club", "text": "It takes a lot to be a part of the esteemed Bollywood wives club. For starters, you have to be a part of the industry. And that too from the A-list circle. Sporting the latest trends and designer labels is a must.And to round it off, you have to be seem in at least a couple of glittery dos every week wearing one of those aforementioned labels in your wardrobe. Thus, when we spotted an unfamiliar face (quite unlike the regulars of the club) dressed in a bright orange, yet simple short dress posing for the paparazzi, alongside Malaika Arora Khan, Amrita Arora and Anu Dewan at Shilpa Shetty's baby shower, we were a bit inquisitive. After a few phone calls, we figured out that it was none other than Excel Entertainment co-owner Ritesh Sidhwani's wife Dolly - the newly inducted member of the glamorous wives' club.Despite being married to one of the most prominent producers of the industry, Dolly had thus far kept a rather low profile. And so far, the few Bollywood events (Maheep Kapoor's birthday bash being one) she had been spotted at, she had always been with hubby Ritesh. \"I generally go out with Ritesh. I stay at home with the kids. Shilpa and Shamita insisted so I went for the baby shower,\" Dolly told Mirror.Despite a degree in fashion designing from NIFT and an MBA, Dolly chose to bring up her two sons - nine-year-old Aarav and six-year-old Nirvan after her love culminated into marriage with Ritesh ten years back.But she had not been too far from the industry. \"I became close to Malaika and Amrita after she got married to my friend Shakeel Ladakh,\" informed Dolly. Ritesh's business partner Farhan Akhtar's wife is however, her best friend in the film industry. \"I hang out with her most of the time,\" she added. But with new friends now, we hope to see more of Dolly soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13073349", "title": "Cricket fever to rejuvenate corporate sector", "text": "LUDHIANA: The rising excitement in the Indian Premier League has not left anyone untouched, as even the busy corporate sector in the city is gearing up for a corporate cricket league, which will kick off on Thursday.The entry to the Corporate Cricket Cup, Ludhiana, is free and it is being organized in association with a liquor company, which aims to provide a new entertainment platform to the corporate sector, while enabling the giants in the sector to interact on a competitive sport ground over the next 21 days, says Karan Malhotra , one of the organizers.Malhotra says the tournament would be played in a league-cum-knockout format at Palm Gardens on GTV Road Ludhiana. The league matches would be of 10 overs a side and the finals and semi-finals would be 15 over matches, he adds.From the first match on May 10 to the final on May 31, all the matches would be played between 4.30pm and 7.30pm.The 20 teams participating in the tournament include Monte Carlo , Cotton County, Smag Retails, Edelwis Big Bin Industries, Coke, Leads Ads, Davinder Sandhu Impex Ltd, Centex Fabrics, Tata Docomo, Canara Bank , Eastman, Airtel , ERA, Happy Steels, Amgeco, PVR, Hosiery Group and Baba Jaswant Singh Dental College.The Hosiery Group team comprises of hosiery owners of the city, which include Varun Arora of Rajesh Hosiery, Naman Jain of Kalikund Hosiery, Deepak Sood of ASM Peejay Imports Exports, Jiten Singhania of Chunariya, Aseem Rajput of Richelle Creations, Shammi Kumar of Krishna Hosiery, Love Singh and Sonu Singh of White Cow, Bobby Jain of King Vikas Hosiery, Vinit Kanojia and Karan Kanojia of Sheetal Creation and Jaswinder Singh of White Cow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13073413", "title": "Phone tapping rules made tougher", "text": "KOLKATA: Over the past few months, the Mamata Banerjee government has quietly effected sweeping changes in the system of telephone tapping and email monitoring that is done by various police agencies in the state.The government has \"suspended\" the power of IGPs to order a telephone interception and also revoked CID's powers to do that. ADG, Intelligence Branch and Kolkata Police commissioner are the only two designated officers who can order such interception, subject to approval by the state home secretary with reasons mentioned clearly. Others - including even the state police top boss - have to route their requests for telephone tapping only through these officers.Among the first decisions this government had taken after coming to power was to form a high-power committee to look into allegations of rampant telephone interceptions following the March, 2007 Nandigram agitation.It had continued till the end of the Left Front government's tenure, it has been alleged.While the committee couldn't pinpoint the specific lapses (including the one in which Mamata, the then railway minister, had claimed that her conversations with the PMO had been clandestinely tapped), it did figure out a series of procedural lapses, including retaining intercept data even after it was relevant. In fact, these interception data were destroyed only after a prod by the committee. These allegations were also not lost on the Centre. Though it became a matter of debate after Ratan Tata moved Supreme Court in February last year on the Niira Radia tape leak scandal. The ministry of home affairs in last May sent out a detailed standard operating procedure (SOP) to West Bengal - and other states - asking them to rigidly follow the law in this regard as laid down in detail under rule 419-A of Indian Telegraph Act, including destruction of all such intercepts.The new rules has already led to some grumbling among police ranks with CID making a fervent plea to the state home secretary to bend rules for them in specific investigations of kidnapping, murder and state terror. \"This has been declined,\" a senior officer at the Police Directorate confirmed. For state police, all requisitions for telephone interceptions, either by CID or by district police, first has to reach the state IB. An identified officer of the state IB will analyse this and forward their recommendation for the state home secretary's approval detailing why is it required. The same procedure has to be followed by Kolkata Police. The state home secretary will approve also mentioning the reasons. This isn't all. After every two months, a review committee headed by the state chief secretary (but excluding the home secretary) will analyse all these data. This committee has to be also informed on the status of destruction of all such intercepts. Only two IGP-ranked officers - one from the state IB; another from city police - will coordinate with telecom service providers on interception requests.The recommendation for telephone interception has to explicitly specify why it is required in the first place. It either has to when public safety is at risk or pose a risk to state security. It can also be allowed to when any act threatened to affect India's bilateral relations with any country, to maintain public order and to stop incitement of a criminal offence. Even after an interception is done, a detailed record has to be maintained of the intercepted communication, identity of the people who know the content and most importantly a certificate of those intercepts destroyed if it is not required, nor further permitted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13073659", "title": "Close shave for Jharkhand CM as chopper crash-lands, turns turtle", "text": "RANCHI: Jharkhand chief minister Arjun Munda , his wife Meera and Majhgaon BJP MLA Badkunwar Gagrai were among six people who had a miraculous escape when their chopper crash-landed and turned turtle at the Birsa Munda Airport in Ranchi on Wednesday.Sources in the CM secretariat said the chopper took off from the Ranchi airport around 11am for Kuchai in Saraikella-Kharsawan district where the CM was to inaugurate a power substation. An Agusta A109 taken on wet lease from Aryan Aviation, the chopper approached Kuchai after flying 50 nautical miles but certainly developed snag and could not land.According to state civil aviation director Capt S P Sinha, pilots G P S Kaushik and Vipul Kumar then contacted the Air Traffic Control at Ranchi and sought permission to return to the Birsa Munda airport which is equipped to handle emergency landing. \"Around 12.30pm, pilot Kaushik made an excellent effort to land safely and brought the chopper down to around 10ft above the airport runway from where it crash-landed,\" he said.All the six flyers, including CM's chief security officer SP Manoj Kumar Singh, were injured. \"The CM has sustained multiple injuries in his neck, shoulder and hips while his wife has her right elbow fractured,\" Sinha said.Dr P D Sinha, medical superintendent of Apollo Hospital where the injured were being treated, said all of them were out of danger though under observation of doctors. \"We are awaiting reports of various medical tests conducted on them,\" he said.Capt Sinha said the directorate general of civil aviation will conduct an inquiry into the accident. \"The exact reason will be known only after the probe report comes,\" he said and appreciated the pilot and co-pilot for safely bringing back the chopper to Ranchi and \"landing it almost safely\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13074268", "title": "Sitabuldi cops confirm BCCA paper leak", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as Nagpur University administration led by vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal continues to be in denial mode regarding BCCA paper leak, first exposed by TOI, the confirmation came from the horses' mouth. The Sitabuldi police have confirmed the leak to TOI after their initial investigations where they checked e-mail received by registrar Mahesh Yenkie on his official Id and also took statements from commerce dean Bharat Meghe and management council member Mahindra Nimbarte. However, NU PRO office stated that they were yet to receive any official confirmation from the police and would comment only after that.TOI on April 22 had first exposed that the question paper of final year Bachelor of Commerce (BCom) Computer Application (New Course), popularly known as BCCA, that was conducted on April 21 at 9.30am was leaked on Friday night itself. In fact, the newspaper had received the question paper of 'Business Law (New/Old)' on Friday on e-mail at 10.29pm and when tallied with original one next day, all the questions were in the same order with just a few words changed.Sources told TOI that this might be the biggest leak after Kohchade scam which rocked NU in 1999 and unknown number of students might have received the questions on their mobiles. About 2,965 students appeared for their last paper from 54 centres (28 from the city).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13072973", "title": "Osmania University Professor caught taking bribe", "text": "HYDERABAD: An assistant professor of the Osmania University, Chand Basha, was caught red-handed on Wednesday by Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) sleuths while accepting a bribe of Rs 20,000 from a research scholar for 'guiding' him.Acting on a complaint lodged by Banothu Chandrasekhar, a research scholar under Basha, ACB officials laid a trap at the professor's office on the OU campus on Wednesday at about 10.45am. He was caught while accepting a bribe of Rs 20,000 from the research scholar for guiding and giving instructions for his research work. \"The assistant professor had told the student that he will make it difficult for him to continue research if he fails to give the bribe,\" an investigating official said.Dr Chand Basha, a resident of Borabanda, has been working as assistant professor with the department of microbiology, Osmania University since 2007. Basha is an investigator of three research projects, funded by various central government agencies, worth Rs 1.5 crore. The OU professor had taken three research fellows to assist him in the projects and each of them were paid a monthly stipend of Rs 18,000. Two of them are PhD students.After the research scholars started getting their stipend, Basha started taking Rs 6,000 as bribe from each of them every month. Five months ago, he increased the amount to Rs 10,000. When he began pestering them to pay Rs 15,000 as monthly bribe, two students finally approached ACB sleuths. \"The assistant professor started demanding Rs 15,000 from the students saying that he had started building a house and required some additional amount,\" an ACB official said. As soon as the stipend amount was deposited in their bank accounts in May, Basha began demanding that they deposit Rs 20,000 in his bank account as his share. A trap was laid and the students recorded the conversations and promised to give him the money on Wednesday morning at his office.The assistant professor was caught while accepting the bribe. A chemical test conducted on his fingers and wallet yielded positive results while the money was recovered from his wallet. The professor had been taking bribes from several other students as well. \"We will make them witnesses in the case,\" an ACB officer said. He was produced before the additional special judge for SPE &amp; ACB cases, Hyderabad and was remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13073118", "title": "Dutch footballer coaches slum kids in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: Every evening at 4.30, a short distance from the crowds cooling off on the Marina waterfront, a group of 30 slum children are otherwise engaged. They are being taught dribbling, passing, shooting and all the other intricacies of the 'beautiful game' by Maarten de Kruijf.And the children, from the fishing settlement off the Marina, love their blonde, 26-year-old coach from the Netherlands. Venkitesh, one of the trainees, says he won't let the coach go even after the month-long summer football camp is over. \"We love him a lot. He teaches us everything and we are becoming the best shooters (goal scorers) as well as smart children,\" says the 10-year-old, who otherwise has seen football only on his 15-inch colour TV, provided free by the government.Football, always considered the poor man's game, has been used in several African and Latin American countries as part of government programmes to wean away slum children from drug abuse and crimes. Slum Soccer, an NGO which has started similar football initiatives in six states, including Tamil Nadu, has roped in the services of de Kruijf, a qualified football coach who is also working with an international school in Puducherry, to train slum children in Chennai. Three student coaches from city colleges assist de Kruijf in the 90-minute beach session.\"Slum children can work in harmony with the mainstream. Their work is efficient but mostly they are left behind,\" says de Kruijf. Across the world, he says, sports and music play a major role in empowering slum children who are underprivileged and most likely to be sucked into the world of drug abuse and crime. \"Sport unites them, teaches them discipline, makes them love and respect each other,\" he said on Tuesday evening, while cleaning a part of the beach prior to the training session.Starting his career as a player with the Youth Academy in the Netherlands, he later became a coach and began training programmes in 2007.A romantic soul, de Kruijf has been wandering the world for the last five years and has trained hundreds of street children in Ecuador , Guatemala and Africa .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "13072956", "title": "Mapusa gears up for the monsoon with new drain", "text": "MAPUSA: Gearing up for the monsoons, revenue minister Francis D'Souza laid the foundation stone for the upgradation of an important storm water drain from Khorlim to Mapusa, on Tuesday. The work is aimed at clearing rain water during the season and preventing waterlogging in the area. The work of revamping the nullah has been taken up at the cost of Rs 2.85 crore and is expected to be completed in 180 days' time including monsoons.The work to be carried out includes removal of silt, rebuilding the banks of the nullah, clearing of bushes, etc. The foundation stone for the work was laid by revenue minister Francis D'Souza in the presence of water resources minister Dayanand Mandrekar, Mapusa municipal council chairperson Sudhir Kandolkar and others.Water resources minister Dayanand Mandrekar said that the work is a part of ramping up infrastructure repairs ahead of the monsoons and is intended to prevent flooding of the area during monsoons.Meanwhile, Bardez deputy collector Shabaji Shetye held a disaster management committee meeting at the deputy collector's office in order to review the disaster prepared-ness and suggest measures to make the taluka disaster-resilient.A joint inspection was also undertaken at landslide-prone areas in Mapusa. Three landslide incidents had occurred in Mapusa during the last rainy season and the inspection was undertaken to take precautionary measures to avoid further landslides. The chairman of the disaster management team, Shabaji Shetye, PWD officials and Mapusa municipality representatives were present. In order to avoid further landslides at Gaunsawaddo, where a rock is hanging, a three-meter high retaining wall is proposed to support the rock which may come down on houses below hill.SDM Shabaji Shetye said he had inspected the site and proposed a retaining wall to prevent sliding of sludge from the hillock.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13073247", "title": "Car chase, catfight over man on East Coast Road", "text": "CHENNAI: An extramarital affair set the stage for a high-speed car chase and an open brawl between two women on the scenic East Coast Road (ECR) on Tuesday evening. One of the women, who spotted the car gifted by her husband to his girlfriend, chased it down the highway in her car for about 5km before overtaking and blocking it. The women got into a fight, first verbal and then physical, on the road, blocking traffic at Thiruvanmiyur. Police booked the two for causing public nuisance.Traffic was held up on ECR for more than 20 minutes as people crowded to witness the catfight. One of the women, 35 years old, said her businessman husband was having a live-in relationship with the other woman, who is 25 years old. The businessman had recently gifted the younger woman a new car. Seeing her driving the car was too much for the wife to digest.Police questioned the women and found that the wife noticed the other woman near a supermarket in Neelankarai. \"She apparently knew about the affair her husband was having,\" said a policeman. \"And she knew about the car which her husband had bought for the other woman.\"Spotting the car, the wife followed her husband's girlfriend to locate her house. When the other woman sped away, she chased her in her car. For people along ECR, it was a scene out of a film as the women zipped past. Adding to the drama, some young men chased the cars on bikes.\"The older woman caught up with the other car near Thiruvanmiyur bus terminus and blocked her way. The two got off their cars and started shouting at each other. Soon a fisticuff followed,\" said a policeman. \"Initially we thought they were arguing over an accident. It turned out to be more interesting stuff,\" said a witness.Finally, traffic police pacified them and asked them to sort out the issue at the all women police station. Thiruvanmiyur police booked them for creating public nuisance, under Section 75 of the Criminal Procedure Code, and let them off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13072681", "title": "HC asks govt to take over orphanage", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi high court on Wednesday asked the state government to take over running of a child-care home in Najafgarh after it came across several irregularities.Justice Vipin Sanghi asked the government to take over management of the child-care home with assistance from two receivers appointed by HC earlier and if required appoint an administrator.HC also prohibited the home's president from interfering with its daily functioning.HC's order came on a petition filed by the society that runs the orphanage where it sought removal of the current president on the grounds of mismanagement and because he refused to hold timely elections for the post of president.The society alleged there were several irregularities committed by the president due to which he should not be allowed to continue.During the several hearings into the case HC appointed two receivers who were asked to inquire into the allegations and they found that much of what was stated by the petitioner society was true.They informed HC there was carelessness on behalf of the management in ensuring proper care for the kids housed in the child-care home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13074065", "title": "5 hurt as stones from quarry fall on shanties", "text": "INDORE: Five people sustained minor injuries when stone pieces fell on some shanties following a controlled blast at a stone quarry at Revati Nayi Basti here on Wednesday. Police said that the injured people were sent to their homes after medical treatment.According to police, the blast was carried out at a stone quarry in Revat Rang. The blast sprung up some stones from the quarry and they fell on some shanties at a slum area close to it injuring five people.\"A routine blast was scheduled at 4.30 pm to extract stone, but due to some reason, a few stones fell on the slum dwellings after the blast,\" said R K Singh, in-charge of Banganga police station, adding that police were trying to find out the exact reason behind the incident.Police said that generally blasts are carried out in the quarry under the set norms adding that probe was on to find out whether they violated any safety norms in the quarry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13073495", "title": "Arrested doctor's aides create ruckus", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Supporters of a homeopath doctor, who was arrested on Tuesday night, created ruckus at the office of chief medical officer (CMO) and Shivkuti police station on Wednesday.They alleged that health department officials had lodged an FIR against the said doctor after he failed to fulfill their demands.Homeopath Dr Harish Yadav was arrested by Shivkuti police on Tuesday night after health department officials lodged a case against him and also cancelled his hospital's registration.The police claimed Yadav had conducted over 50 major and minor surgeries in four months. Out of these, 25-30 surgeries were abortion cases for which he charged Rs 1,500 each.When a probe team inspected Yadav's hospital, they spotted a huge stock of empty IV fluid bottles.The health department claims Dr Yadav was involved in several malpractices. Deputy CMO Dr Vivek Srivatava told TOI: \"The health department has lodged an FIR against the doctor with Shivkuti police after it was confirmed that the doctor was violating the provisions of PC &amp; PNDT Act.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13073115", "title": "Book highlights importance of stress management", "text": "CHANDIGARH: His book is a result of the vast experience of conducting workshops on stress management and personality development in India, Canada and USA. Colonel Gursewak Singh, known as Col Guru, has highlighted the importance of stress management techniques, including relaxation therapies to maintain an overall healthy lifestyle.The book titled \"Stress management\" steps to health, happiness and success\" talks about the basics of stress - stress related to various organizations, stress versus anger and stress versus happiness. It has a separate section dealing with guide to marital relations, a case study of marital discord and also a marriage compatibility quiz.Col Guru also has to his credit another book \"Happiness Through PEG Therapy\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13074976", "title": "Budget 2012-13: Law panel approves Rs 50 lakh development projects", "text": "PUNE: The law committee of the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation gave its administrative approval to all development projects estimated to cost Rs 50 lakh, in the draft budget of 2012-13, during a meeting on Monday.\"The civic administration had tabled the proposal to obtain administrative approval to the civic projects,\" said Prasad Shetty, chairman of the law committee. \"The resolution has been sent to the civic general body for further approval.\"The civic administration tables the draft budget for the coming fiscal before the standing committee which then approves it and sends to the civic general body for further approval. The general body can discuss and make changes in the budget before March 20 and has to give its approval before March 31 so that the budget is implemented from April 1.However this year as the municipal elections were held in February 2012, the state government directed that the outgoing civic body not make any policy decisions. The mayor was elected on March 13, members of the standing committee on March 20 and its chairman on March 29.The civic administration began implementation of the draft budget from April 1 under the special powers of the municipal commissioner.\"The civic administration did not give members information about the projects included in the budget,\" said Shetty. \"The new projects cannot be started without the approval of the general body. The corporators did not want to hold up the approval for lack of information, so quick administrative approval was given.\"The resolution for the creation of two new zones in addition to the existing four zones was also approved at the meeting. Another resolution to reorganize the existing four zones as per the new wards and increased population was also approved.Shetty said that the proposal of the civic administration for rationalization of octroi rates has been kept pending. The members want more information about this proposal. The resolution for incurring expenditure of Rs 24.88 lakh for digging pits for tree plantation in Zone A has been approved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13072115", "title": "Chris Gayle stars in nine-wicket romp at Wankhede", "text": "MUMBAI: Team Bangalore are responding well to the change of guard. Virat Kohli once again assumed the role of skipper, as regular captain Daniel Vettori dropped himself from the playing XI, for the second match in a row, to accommodate legendary off-spinner Muttiah Muralitharan, in their game against Team Mumbai, at the Wankhede on Wednesday.Scorecard | Watch IPL Highlights | Top Performers of IPL | Match in PicsThe move worked as Murali conceded only 24 from his four overs and picked the vital wickets of Dinesh Karthik (for a well-made 44) and Dwayne Smith off successive deliveries. Bangalore, chasing 142 for victory, got home with two overs to spare. They also pocketed two points to take their tally to 13 and jump from seventh to fourth on the points table. Mumbai stay on third place with 14 points.Gayle and Dilshan put on 48 for the first wicket to ease any early worries for the visitors. Gayle (82 not out, 59 balls, 5x4, 6x6), in fact, survived a dropped catch on 21 by Smith at point off RP Singh. Smith, the hero against Team Chennai, contributed only two with the bat to become zero from hero.More so because it cost the hosts dear as the big Jamaican smashed 22 runs off Pragyan Ojha's second over which included three consecutive sixes. Those strikes didn't just win Bangalore the game when things were getting just a little tight with 88 needed off 10 overs, they also made the former Windies skipper the deserving owner of the Orange Cap for being the top run-scorer with 515 runs.The real heroes for Bangalore were the bowlers though and that would delight the team management as bowling has been their weak-link. Vinay Kumar, Harshal Patel and Muralitharan took two wickets each and restricted Mumbai to 141 for 6.Vinay, in fact, got the wickets of James Franklin (1) and Rohit Sharma (0) in the span of four deliveries. Mumbai never really recovered from those early setbacks.Bangalore's triumph, their third in as many games against Mumbai while playing away, was also due to some bold captaincy by Kohli. He kept attacking fields even after the powerplay overs. He also scored 36 not out (25 balls, 1x4, 2x6) to suggest a return to form.Vettori certainly has a fight on his hands to get back into the squad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "badkunwar gagrai, the bjp legislator from majhgaon, who was on board with chief minister when the helicopter crash-landed on wednesday at the birsa munda airport talks to sanjay ojha on how they survived", "code": "13073558", "title": "'Alive because of God's blessings'", "text": "Badkunwar Gagrai, the BJP legislator from Majhgaon, who was on board with chief minister when the helicopter crash-landed on Wednesday at the Birsa Munda Airport talks to Sanjay Ojha on how they survived:It was around 11 am when the chief minister, his wife, chief security officer to the chief minister boarded the helicopter at the Birsa Munda airport. After flying for almost half-an-hour we were about to land at Kuchai in Seraikela-Kharsawan district but due to some problem, the pilot decided to fly back.When the chopper returned to Ranchi and the pilot was unable to land it we got a bit disturbed. The chief minister talked to the pilot and asked him to explain what had happened and why was the chopper not landing. The chief minister did not say anything to us and behaved as almost nothing has happened.At this point of time, the chopper was very high and I thought that it will crash. Had the chopper crashed from that height none of us would have survived. Thank God the pilot did not lose his concentration and calm. He safely brought the chopper very close to the ground. Within a few seconds the helicopter crashed. It is because of God and blessings of well-wishers that we are alive and none of us has received any serious injuries. I have sustained multiple injuries but the pain is more on the hip.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13072547", "title": "Gulbarg case: Court to watch crime scene video", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The special court hearing the Gulbarg Society massacre case has agreed to watch the video cassette showing the place of offence in an open court on May 23. The witnesses had demanded that the video cassette forms part of the chargesheet and should be viewed in an open court because the SC-appointed Special Investigation Team (SIT) has relied upon the same.The special prosecutors opposed this demand. However, designated judge B J Dhandha has granted permission to project the video in courtroom.\"It is directed that the video cassette made exhibit article 62 of the place of the scene of offence prepared by the government videographer at the time of the incident of the panchnama is viewed in presence of advocates of the parties,\" the court ordered on Tuesday.However, the court did not allow projection of Tehelka tapes in open court. The witnesses also demanded its projection citing that it has also been taken on record as evidence and a lengthy procedure has been adopted in this regard. Meanwhile, this court has also directed the SIT to submit its final report on Zakia Jafri's complaint against chief minister Narendra Modi and others alleging their involvement in the 2002 riots.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13073728", "title": "MP gets United Nations award for Public Services Guarantee Act", "text": "BHOPAL: The Shivraj Singh Chouhan government in Madhya Pradesh has won this year's prestigious United Nations Public Service Award for enacting and implementing for the first time in the country a Public Services Guarantee Act which aimed at improving governance and giving citizens the 'Right to Services'.The state government has been invited to receive the award during the United Nations Public Service Day ceremony in the last week of June in New York.Passed in August 2010, the Act guaranteed the delivery of basic public services to citizens within a fixed time limit. Essential services like drinking water connections, issuing of caste, birth, marriage, domicile certificates, ration cards and copies of land records was guaranteed to the citizens of the state in a fixed time frame.If these services were not delivered within the prescribed time, the concerned department officials were fined by the state government at the rate of Rs 250 per day for the delay. The fined amount is deducted from the salary of the erring government officials.Speaking to TOI, chief minister Chouhan said that 73 countries had applied for the award and Madhya Pradesh secured the second position for \"Improving the delivery of public services''. We were the pioneers who thought of going one step ahead of the citizens' charter which focussed on solving problems that people encounter while dealing with government departments. The previous governments in the state have tried implementing Citizens Charter arrangements, but that was largely ineffective because of lack of accountability on the part of government officials,'' the chief minister explained.\"What we did was to fix accountability for non-delivery of services on the concerned government employees. When a government official is made to pay a fine for not doing his work, it automatically checks delays in provisioning of services and removes inordinate pendency. This also deals with the issue of corruption,\" Chouhan argued.\"We have plans to shortly develop Public Service Centres at every district where citizens can send in their complaints either online or through letters. There won't be any need to file complaints at separate government offices because the present system has a shortcoming. I am told that when a citizen files a complaint against an official in the same department office, he is not given the receipt of the complaint letter. One government employee tries to save another.''Till date, the state has received 1.11 crore complaints from citizens for non-delivery of essential services. Of these, 1.10 crore complaints have been addressed. The state has compensated 113 citizens for the harassment and losses endured by them. The compensation money came from the salaries of erring officials who failed to deliver the works on time. The state has taken punitive action against 49 officials under the provisions of the Act.After Madhya Pradesh implemented the Act, Punjab and Bihar followed suit in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13075193", "title": "300-350 Air India pilots reported sick", "text": "NEW DELHI: If the Indian Pilots Guild (IPG) stays away from work despite the HC order, then Air India may witness its biggest ever showdown between pilots and management. Aviation minister Ajit Singh warned that the nearly bankrupt airline's hopes of getting Rs 30,000 crore of public money could be dashed if its employees continued to behave in this manner, adding to its losses.In its ex parte order, the Delhi HC on Wednesday restrained the pilots from reporting sick and staging demonstrations or protesting near AI offices across the country. Justice Reva Khetrapal issued notice to IPG and asked it to reply to a plea of AI management seeking court's intervention and also a restraining order against the striking pilots.IPG has been on strike from Monday night and several of AI's long-haul international flights have been cancelled, including 13 on Wednesday, by when the number of pilots reporting sick had reached between 300 and 350.Coming to flyers' rescue, the HC order said allowing such strike to continue will cause irreparable loss to the company as well as huge inconvenience to the passengers. AI counsel said the airline was facing huge financial losses of over Rs 10 crore per day. The HC noted: \"It (AI) is a public utility service (PUS) company. It has been held by the SC that PUS companies cannot be held to ransom by such types of strikes...\" The court has fixed July 13 as the next date of hearing. Anticipating continued trouble from IPG, the airline management is learnt to be planning to move Supreme Court against pilots who do not report to work by Thursday morning. It is likely to charge them with impeding the implementation an earlier SC order on training erstwhile Indian Airlines pilots for the Boeing 787 Dreamliner - an issue led to the crisis.Unless asked to back down by the Centre, the aviation ministry is determined to handle this strike in a manner that instill some discipline in the airline which is hoping to survive on a Rs 42,000-crore bailout. For that, it is even ready to shut international operations of AI if the pilots keep away from work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13077228", "title": "Ash King to sing for Dhoom 3", "text": "Dhoom 3 avtar. It's none other than the British national, half-Bengali, half-Gujarati Ashutosh Ganguly. Better known as Ash King, who made his Bollywood playback debut with AR Rahman composed Dil Gira Dafatan in Delhi 6, and recently lent his voice to the famous Ek Main Aur Ekk Tu number Auntyji has been roped in for the Yash Raj Films venture.Refraining to comment on his latest project Dhoom 3, Ash King admitted, \"I was a RnB singer back in London. I didn't know a word of Hindi. AR Rahman discovered me in London and gave me a break.\"For one who did not know a word of Hindi, Ash did manage to roll out a string of chartbusters after his first - the title track of Aisha, Te Amo in Dum Maro Dum, I Love You in Bodyguard and Auntyji. Here's hoping that Ash works for Dhoom 3 as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13073966", "title": "Governor praises Archeological Survey of India for conserving historical heritage", "text": "LUCKNOW: Governor BL Joshi inaugurated the 150th year function of Archeological Survey of India (ASI) at Scientific Convention Centre here on Wednesday. The governor honoured former officers of the archeology department for their distinguished services by presenting them mementos, shawl and certificates of appreciation.Joshi said the cultural heritage of India is quite rich. He said along with government, educational institutions and voluntary organisations can also play an important role in conserving this heritage of historical and cultural importance. Praising the ASI for conserving a large number of historical monuments in the country, Joshi said ASI made every effort within it limited resources to preserve and maintain the monuments.Speaking on the occasion, cultural tourism secretary Manoj Kumar Singh said: \"Our valuable heritage reminds us of our glorious history and preservation and maintenance of these heritage is a challenging task. There are many heritage sites in the country which are yet to be explored.\"Prof Shilanath Chaturvedi while congratulating the ASI for its 150-year of journey threw light on its history. He said Indian history is hidden in the remains of archeology. Those who were honoured by Governor BL Joshi on the occasion included Ramesh Chandra Tripathi, Jagdish Sahay Nigam, LM Bahal, HN Singh, AR Siddiqui, Chandrabhan Mishra, Indudhar Dwivedi, Krishna Kumar, VK Tiwari and director of state archeology Rakesh Tiwari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13076573", "title": "IT jobs: Freshers\u2019 salary goes up", "text": "NEW DELHI: Notwithstanding the economic uncertainty, fresher recruitment and salary levels have seen a upward trend in the IT and ITeS sector during the January-March quarter of 2012 compared to other sectors in the same period, shows a survey.The survey findings reveal that IT and ITeS Sector had recruited 24 per cent freshers in the last quarter of FY'12 of their total hiring, a surge of 9 per cent from the year-ago period.Besides, salary level in campus placements was up by 8 per cent in IT and ITeS.Overall, recruitment index has risen by 11 per cent in January-March quarter to 24 per cent.Among the nine industries surveyed, infrastructure sector recruited 21 per cent freshers, followed by engineering and manufacturing and automobile sector (18 per cent), retail (16 per cent) and FMCG (14 per cent).\"The fresher's hiring trend this year looks upbeat with IT majors recruiting more compared to last year. The fresher's recruitment market had seen growth in terms of number of hiring and salary,\" said Rajesh Kumar, CEO, MyHiringClub, which conducted the survey.However, fresher recruitment in banking and financial services, telecom had taken a beating in fourth quarter of 2012 in comparison to same period last year.Further, hiring in banking and financial services declined by 2 per cent to 13 per cent and dipped by 4 per cent to 9 per cent in telecom sector.The survey, which was done among nearly 900 employers and over 1,200 institutes, said the growth of salary level in campus placement was low in banking and financial services as it grew by two per cent and rose a dismal one per cent in telecom space.In terms of geography, Bangalore, hub of IT and ITeS companies witnessed a maximum fresher recruitment of 24 per cent followed by Delhi-NCR (21 per cent), Chennai (18 per cent), Mumbai (15 per cent), Hyderabad (13 per cent) and Kolkata (10 per cent).Talking about outlook, Kumar said: \"global concerns would not have a impact on the fresher recruitment in the current year though it might be an issue later.\"Even if various economic issues in the developed countries have an impact on the Indian industry, the fresher recruitment would not be the first to get affected by this.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13072786", "title": "Hygiene in canteens improved, Goa Medical College tells FDA", "text": "PANAJI: Goa Medical College and hospital (GMC) authorities have informed the food and drug administration that they have improved sanitation and cleanliness in the canteens on the premises.FDA officials had visited GMC and inspected two canteens last month and found that they lacked cleanliness. They had informed the dean of the GMC about the pathetic state of affairs prevailing there and asked him to resolve the situation within a week. \"GMC has filed a compliance report. They have improved sanitation in the canteen and solved the problem of the soak pit. However, the tiles in the canteens need to be replaced,\" said FDA director Salim Veljee.During the inspection the FDA found that though the canteens have licences from the FDA, one of them has been informally leased out to another party. During the surprise inspection, FDA officials found sanitation conditions extremely poor in both canteens and domestic animals were even found roaming in the kitchen area.The officials also found a soak pit overflowing. The cooking area was found to be extremely filthy. FDA had found that several workers employed in the canteen did not even possess health cards. They didn't ask for immediate closure of the canteens because they did not want to inconvenience the relatives of patients as well the staff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13073278", "title": "Mother's Day: Ladies club organizes a host of activities to pamper mothers", "text": "LUDHIANA: Starting their Mother's Day celebration early, Lakshmi Ladies Club organized a host of activities including comedy show, a talk and games to pamper mothers.Adding a special touch to the celebration, Sarabha Nagar-resident Ritu Pradhan made public display of her love for her mother Santosh Lal, celebrating her 75th birthday with all the other club members.Neeta Sood, president of the club, said, \"We first presented a comedy show called Pua Chukki Gayi (aunt gets kidnapped) to give members a laughter treat and relieve them of their every day stress. The comedy show had members in splits as it included scenes of Ravana trying to rescue his sister Surpanakha and a satire on politicians. Nirmal Reshmi had directed the comedy show and she worked hard for about 15 days to prepare members for the performance.'' Neeta said they also had a talk on Mother's Day by Jyoti from Sporting Institute of Fashion who dwelled on various problems confronting mothers and children these days. \"Finally we played tambola and other fun games. All the members felt entertained and praised the event,'' she added.Sushma Sood of Club Road, who attended the function, said she enjoyed herself a lot. \"Besides catching up with friends, I loved the comedy show. The talk show was also had vital messages for mothers,'' she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13072655", "title": "New teaching course at DU", "text": "NEW DELHI: Those willing to pursue teaching as a career can now apply for Bachelor of Elementary Education (B El Ed) in Delhi University .Faculty of Education in DU will start issuing application forms for the course from May 22 to June 7. B El Ed is a four-year course offered at the undergraduate level. It is offered in eight DU colleges - Aditi Mahavidylaya, Jesus and Mary, Lady Shri Ram, Gargi, Institute of Home Economics, Shyama Prasad Mukherji, Miranda House and Mata Sundri.DU will hold a common entrance test for admission to this course. Meanwhile, forms for applying to Bachelor of Education (BEd) are already out. They will be available at the faculty till May 18.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13071858", "title": "4 years on, monuments await protected status", "text": "NEW DELHI: In 2008, the Delhi government's archaeology department signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with India National Trust for Art and Cultural Heritage (INTACH) Delhi Chapter for conservation of 92 monuments. Four years on, the project seems to be stuck in limbo. So far, not a single monument has received final notification and 48 have made it to the preliminary notification stage. Out of these, at least 30 monuments have received objections from the public that need to be resolved. What's worse is that the three-year pact expired last year and is awaiting renewal.The project was conceived way back in 2008 to bring the government's attention to relatively obscure monuments in the city and restored before the Commonwealth Games . Fifteen monuments, including Bara Lao Ka Gumbad and Gol Gumbad, Darwesh Shah ki Masjid were conserved and turned into prime tourist attractions and another list of monuments that needed to be protected was drawn. Bringing them under the protection of the government was important so that they receive similar attention like the 174 centrally-protected monuments under the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI). However, conservationists claim that the delay in notifying these monuments is only making them more vulnerable to vandalism or encroachment. \"Many of these monuments are located in congested lanes and crowded areas. They can only be protected against encroachment if they are notified as soon as possible. The delay will only exacerbate problems,\" said a source.Of the 48 monuments that have received preliminary notification, many have been encroached upon and their facades have been damaged. Bagichi Ki Masjid in Mehrauli is one such example. It has been taken over by locals and painted white and green. Two Mughal-era wall mosques located in Mehrauli Archaeological Park also have been painted over.\"Notification of monuments is a long-winded procedure. Revenue details for each monument have to be verified and authenticated before the nod for final notification can be given,\" said a senior official. Manpower shortage in the archaeology department is another plausible reason for delay in notification. Sources in the government, however, said that the final notification would take place within the next two months after necessary approval from the LG. \"We are hoping that the 48 monuments are notified soon,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13073400", "title": "Presidency University faculty to be finalised on Monday", "text": "KOLKATA: Appointment of faculty for Presidency University will start from Monday when the Governing Council ratifies the names of candidates finalized by the selection committee for the posts of registrar, controller of exams and dean of students. The names for these three key posts are expected to be finalized over Thursday and Friday. While authorities remained tight-lipped, sources confirmed that a council meeting has been called on Monday, where the list of professors will be finalized.The Selection Committee has already made selections for faculty positions. Selection for the positions of assistant professors will start after the council ratifies the three administrative positions and those of professors. Initially, candidates are being interviewed for 184 faculty positions of which 44 are that of professors. According to sources, the university will recruit people for 420 posts and further advertisements will be published.On Wednesday, chairman of the university's mentor committee Sugata Bose met chief minister Mamata Banerjee and apprised her of the work being done by his committee. The first report of the mentor committee was submitted to the chief minister in January. \"I have always kept the chief minister informed about the extent to which we have been able to implement the suggestions,\" Bose said.Presidency University will soon start receiving funds for various activities, sources revealed. The amount of funds could run into crores as it has been awarded the status of a Centre of Excellence by the state government. Mamata apparently assured Bose that funds won't be a problem for the university and they will be released in due course. The five new chairs proposed in the names of Acharya Jagadish Chandra Bose, Rabindranath Tagore, Subhas Chandra Bose, Swami Vivekananda and Kazi Nazrul Islam will be instituted soon.Monday's council meeting will see none less than chancellor M K Narayanan participate as the final seal of approval has to be placed to fill the three key administrative positions. The university is presently being run by its vice-chancellor and registrar, the latter also holding responsibilities of the controller of exams and finance officer. The idea was that the present incumbents would continue till fresh recruitments to key positions were made during faculty recruitment. Vice-chancellor Malavika Sarkar's term ends in October after which a search committee will be constituted for the new VC.Monday's council meeting will be attended by members like scientist Bikash Sinha, Calcutta University vice-chancellor Suranjan Das and National Library director, Swapan Chakravorty. \"I am definitely going to be there and will gloss over the credentials of each candidate. I had insisted that none of the candidates can be appointed immediately after the selection committee approves him/her. They should have the ratification of the council,\" said Bikash Sinha.Professors have been selected through \"paper selection\" where their degrees, publications, seminars attended etc have been considered but they were not called for interviews.Vice-chancellor Malavika Sarkar did not wish to spill the beans on the agenda of Monday's council meeting. \"I can only tell you that a meeting has been convened but cannot talk about the agenda just yet. It is extremely confidential,\" Sarkar said.Of the 184 faculty positions for which applications were invited, 80 were already lying vacant and 104 were sanctioned by the state government for the new university. In addition, 164 existing positions were carried forward. Existing faculty members were also given the option of staying with the university or opting out and return to government service. If they chose to stay back, they would have to face a selection process and be retained if they merited it. However, 54 teachers have opted out of the university, many of whom were popular and experienced teachers. Of them, 12 are existing heads of departments. Heads of English, history, political science, sociology, economics, mathematics, zoology, statistics and geography are among those who have chosen to move out of the university.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13076782", "title": "Back to back release for Vimal", "text": "Actor Vimal's Maatuthavani released two weeks back was a debacle at the box office.But its failure has not affected the actor's career graph, there are back to back release for Vimal. This Friday will have Vimal's Kalakalappu hitting the screens which is directed by Sundar C. The crew includes Vimal with Mirchi Shiva, Anjali, Oviya, Santhanam, Mano Bala and many others. The movie is expected to be a laugh riot with Sundar C's trademark comedies.The following week will have Vimal's Ishtam releasing on the 25th of May. The movie has Vimal pairing with Nisha Agarwal and also Santhanam sharing screen space again. The movie produced by Balaji Tele media and directed by Prem Nizar is a remake of the Telugu super hit Emaindi Ee Vela which had Varun Sandesh and Nisha Agarwal in the lead. Vimal will be seen sporting a brand new look in a city based character. Music for this movie is scored by Thaman.The other movies in the actor's kitty include, Rendavathu Padam by CS Amudhan, Sillunu Oru Sandhippu, Moondru Per Moondru Kadhal, Anaithukkum Asaipadu, Koothu, Kalingathu Parani.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13074794", "title": "Letter raises hackles in BS Yeddyurappa camp", "text": "BANGALORE: Chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda's missive to party president Nitin Gadkari has once again sparked off discord in the state BJP. Former CM BS Yeddyurappa and his loyalists have now renewed their 'Oust CM' campaign.The Yeddyurappa camp, already upset and subdued by the likelihood of the Supreme Court agreeing to a CBI probe against their leader, is outraged by the action of Sadananda Gowda and BJP state president KS Eshwarappa.On March 26, in a joint letter to BJP national president Nitin Gadkari, Gowda and Eshwarappa accused the former CM and his loyalists of conspiring with the Congress to destabilize the BJP government. The duo had sought the removal of Yeddyurappa's loyalist ministers from the cabinet for indiscipline, anti-party activities and defiance.Angered by this, the Yeddyurappa camp began a signature campaign on Wednesday, with a demand to convene the legislature party meeting. Once they gather a significant number of signatures, they are planning to meet the party bosses in New Delhi with their demand.Energy minister Shobha Karandlaje, who has been targeted by the CM and Eshwarappa, is said to be in touch with the party high command. On Tuesday and Wednesday, she was in Kashi.Once the legislature party meeting is convened, the former CM and his aides will show their strength and demand Gowda's removal.All these days, Yeddyurappa was pitching himself for the CM's gaddi. But aware that the high command is unlikely to accept the demand, his camp has scaled down their aspiration and has a sole objective - remove Gowda from the gaddi. As an alternative candidate, the former CM is said to be portraying Jagadish Shettar, a Lingayat from North Karnataka.However, Gowda dismissed the letter written by him to Gadkari as an old one. \"Anybody can write to the party chief and the issue is being blown out of proportion,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "13073856", "title": "Cops deny magician permission for show", "text": "TRICHY: The city police on Wednesday denied permission to magician Jadugar Anand to ride a motorcycle blindfolded as part of his performances, which are slated to begin from May 11. Anand, who later addressed media persons, said that he wanted to create awareness for an accident-free Trichy. Anand, will now showcase 60-odd magic performances from his repertoire.Anand said he sought permission from the deputy commissioner of police (traffic and crime) Ramaiyyan to organise a blindfold motorcycle ride through the arterial roads of the city from Devar Hall to Devar Hall traversing across Mainguard Gate, Chathram bus stand, Karur Bypass, Thillai Nagar, Head Post Office, Palakkarai, Prabhat Junction and Marakkadai.Replying to Anand's letter, Ramaiyyan said, \"Permission cannot be granted for the blindfold drive as the act might trigger accidents, in addition to creating law and order problem.\" He later wrote another letter to commissioner Shailesh Kumar Yadav but the idea was put down.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "13074334", "title": "Three youths from Mumbai killed in accident", "text": "AJMER: Three youngsters from Mumbai visiting Jaipur were killed early on Wednesday when the car they were travelling in was knocked down by a truck near here. Two of their colleagues in the same car were seriously injured and admitted to JLN Hospital for treatment.The incident happened at Mangliyawas cross road. Family members of the deceased flew down to Ajmer to claim the bodies.According to police, college pass-outs Nukul Khandelwal, Ojas, Firoz, Ubaed and Khushboo came to visit Jaipur on May 6 by a car. They went for sightseeing and were returning to Mumbai on Wednesday. \"At about 5 in the morning, their car was hit by a truck. We took them to JLN Hospital,\" police said.In the hospital, Ojas, Firoz and Ubaed were declared dead while Nukul and Khushboo are undergoing treatment. Khushboo was the fiancee of Ojas.Family members of Firoz, son of a Mumbai-based builder, reached Ajmer in the evening. He was the only son of his parents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13073581", "title": "Vigilance raids on Nayagaon Notified Area Committee over fund misuse allegations", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Sleuths from Punjab vigilance bureau raided the premises of Notified Area Committee (NAC), Nayagaon and accessed government files for probing a complaint against NAC president Harbans Singh Bajwa over alleged misuse of government funds for personal use.In what is a typical case of how government funds find their way into private pockets, the complainant, Kuldeep Singh, has specified allegations in his complaint that Bajwa used Punjab government's money to build a road leading to his house, though the road belonged to UT. As per the complaint, the government had approved at least eight tubewells for Nayagaon, and one of these was put up by Bajwa next to his house for personal use.The complaint went on to allege various ways in which public money was squandered for private gains. \"Punjab government initially released Rs 16 crore for development of Nayagaon and subsequently another Rs 32 crore. However, most of it has been pilfered and pocketed by president of NAC by conniving with contractors and allowing them to do sub-standard work. In several places, the drainage pipe in the sewerage system is shown in government records as 20 mm thick but actually it is only 12 mm thick,\" it said.The complaint also highlights that roads falling in UT area were improved by putting expensive paver stones to suit the interests of the president even as roads falling in Nayagaon were in a pathetic condition. \"Bricks laid in lanes were uprooted by the NAC and re-used for building tubewell houses. However, in the records, these were shown as new bricks and money pocketed,\" says the complaint.The complaint has also alleged various \"illegal ways\" in which the president of NAC was abusing his authority. As per the complainant, the NAC president was approving house plans on his own though he had no authority to do it. \"We had got information from various banks where people had submitted papers showing house plans approved by NAC president, for seeking loans. Only those who paid up were given the 'illegal' sanction and those who did not pay up suffered,\" said Kuldeep Singh.On Wednesday afternoon, vigilance sleuths swooped down to the NAC office in Nayagaon and seized files pertaining to grants sanctioned and public works executed. While several government files were taken away in the raid that lasted two hours, the vigilance department has asked NAC to produce relevant documents, not available in the office, sources said.Incidentally, the complainant is the husband of a municipal councilor in NAC, Kuljinder Kaur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13072390", "title": "Govt bonanza for slums: Economically Weaker Section flats for 1,300 families", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government is all set to roll out its action plan to rid the city of its slums by 2015. Keeping in sync with this plan around 1,300 families across 14 slums have been found eligible for allotment of flats in the first phase by the Delhi Urban Shelter Improvement Board (DUSIB).The board plans to begin the relocation process later this month. The families will be allotted flats in areas like Narela and Bawana. It is proposed to take up two clusters to begin with and complete the removal and relocation process of these clusters over the next few months.In all 53 clusters were identified for relocation in the first phase. Six of these clusters were removed around the Commonwealth Games and of these just 87 eligible families were relocated in Bawana. Now 14 clusters in areas like Bharti Nagar near Khan Market, Taimoor Nagar near Friends Colony and clusters in Wazirpur and Badli are on the radar for relocation. According to senior officials most of these clusters are small in size.Officials point that in the last few months notices had been put up in target areas asking people who may have failed to apply for a flat earlier to come forward so that they could avail of the benefit if they are eligible. However, they admit that just about 40% to 50% of the residents have been found eligible for a flat.Before the relocation begins eligible candidates will be given their lease letters and allowed about one week's time to shift to their flats prior to removal exercise.This will also be the time for the ineligible to move out and fend for themselves. So the months ahead are likely to see many more join the homeless on the streets or add to the congestion of other slums.The allotment process was initially slated to begin in January. With many not meeting the eligibility criteria for allotment of EWS flats, the state government decided to steer clear of relocation of slums shortlisted for the first phase till the municipal polls. The CM's office had issued a statement in December last year that DUSIB will start allotting flats to JJ dwellers in January.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13072481", "title": "1 held for outraging modesty of 20-yr-old", "text": "NASHIK: The Bhadrakali police have arrested one Shaikh Roshan of Wadalagaon for outraging the modesty of a 20-year-old nurse at Sankruti hospital. According to reports, the complainant is a nurse at Sankruti Hospital.Roshan was at the hospital on Tuesday since his wife had been admitted there. On May 8, Shaikh Rauf Roshan was at the hospital since his wife is admitted there.At around 3am, he asked for the nurse and under the guise of having her attend to his wife, the accused allegedly tried to molest hercomplainant. called the nurse in the guise to tell her to take care of his wife. While telling the nurse to take care of his wife, the accused shockingly pulled the nurse closer and outraged her modesty.Shaikh was arrested on the same night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13076994", "title": "Maharashtra to set up dedicated sports university", "text": "MUMBAI: With an aim of encouraging research and training in the field of sports, Maharashtra government is setting up a state-of-the-art sports university at Kalva in neighbouring Thane district.Sports and youth welfare minister Padmakar Valvi said his department had been allotted 50-acre land by the revenue ministry at the Thane suburb for setting up the dedicated facility.\"Maharashtra is facing shortage of sports coaches. Our endeavour will be (to) train sports professionals with courses and curriculum which encourage research in physical education and modern sports techniques,\" he said.The sports university will be on par with the international standards and will come up on 50 acres of land with a sports complex on the premises, Valvi said, adding the mangroves which occupy about 10 acres of the total land will be protected.Underlining his government's efforts in promoting sports, Valvi said the Mumbai district sports complex, constructed at the cost of Rs 22 crore at Dharavi in central Mumbai, is ready and will be inaugurated in June.He further said that his department was in the process of drafting a government resolution (GR) aiming to bring about a clarity in the implementation of the state's youth and sports policy.Two high-powered committees, headed by the chief minister, will be formed soon and they will meet every three months to monitor and review the implementation of the programmes and policies under the youth and sports policy.Valvi said 90 per cent of the schemes under the policy are new.\"Out of the 22 recommendations, only two, namely setting up of youth commission and providing financial assistance to youth are rejected,\" he added.Both the committees will be mandated to reforming existing programmes for youth and sports and bringing about the new ones that require funds, Valvi said.Valvi said the city-based wrestler Narsing Yadav, who has qualified for 2012 London Olympics, will be provided financial assistance of Rs 15 lakh.Yadav had won gold at the 2010 Commonwealth Games in the Men's freestyle 74-kg wrestling.Earlier, the government had given Rs 15 lakh each to Rani Sarnobat and Virdhaval Khade who have qualified for Olympics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13071845", "title": "Thundershowers leave one dead in Khedgaon", "text": "NASHIK: One person was reported dead after sudden thundershowers lashed the north-eastern parts of the district on Wednesday. Baglan tehsil was the worst hit with 32mm of rainfall being recorded in three hours.Most areas in this part of the district, including Satana, Niphad, Lasalgaon, Sinnar and Manmad were at the receiving end as stormy winds and hail forced people to take shelter and remain indoors. Farm produce like grapes, pomegranates and onions, both in fields and store rooms, took a beating and sheds of schools and homes were blown away. The rains left behind a trail of destruction in the form of uprooted trees, disconnected power lines.Ganesh Shewale, a resident of Khedgaon, was the first victim of the unseasonal rains this year. A tree fell on a makeshift shed that Shewale was in, killing him on the spot. In Nandgaon taluka, a person was injured while trying to prevent a shed from being blown away.Baglan recorded 35mm of rain, followed by Yeola with 14mm of rain, while Sinnar received 11mm. A total of 141mm of rainfall was recorded in the district. Nearly 20 houses collapsed in the district, with some of them damaged to a large extent. The tehsildars have started the panchanama of all the loss of property incurred by residents (in case of houses) and farmer (in case of farm produce). The primary report is likely to be available only next week, an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13072514", "title": "Parking rates likely to shoot up in capital", "text": "NEW DELHI: Premium parking rates may soon be a reality in Delhi and you could end up spending a few thousand rupees every month.At a joint news conference on Wednesday, commissioners of two municipal corporations - South and North Delhi - spoke of a proposal to increase parking rates three-fold. While Manish Gupta of South Delhi corporation said the increase would encourage public transport, P K Gupta of North felt it was the only way to account for the high cost of land that is at present being misused for parking.Their proposal comes even as the transport department of the Delhi government has invited suggestions and objections from residents to recommendations by the high court-appointed special task force. The STF had in February recommended a drastic hike in parking fees for Delhi.Monthly parking fee may ruffle feathersParking may soon come at a steep price. On Wednesday, commissioners South and North Delhi Municipal Corporation spoke of a proposal to increase parking rates three-fold. \"At present, people are using public land for free to park their vehicles. They should be made to pay for this facility,\" the South Corporation commissioner said. \"The government should devise a proper system to levy congestion charges,\" added P K Gupta.The views expressed by both commissioners are a close reflection of what the special task force had said in February. The hike in parking fee recommended by the STF, on peak and non-peak hour basis, is substantial. While under peak hours, the first three hours will cost Rs 50 and Rs 50 per hour after that as well, in non-peak hours, vehicles will pay Rs 30 for 3 hours and Rs 20 for every hour after that. Should the parking pass from non-peak to peak hour, then the higher rates will apply.It is however, the task force's recommendation to impose a monthly fee of Rs 1,500 for permits for residents that could ruffle feathers, feel experts. \"Traditionally, residents haven't paid for parking, even in commercial areas. A monthly fee would be a huge jump for them.\" The good news is that it would be applicable to shopkeepers too. The Rs 1,500 per month fee is for only one vehicle per family or shop though\", said a government official.But neither the special task force nor the municipal body has defined what constitutes peak and non-peak hours. While the February recommendations of STF had left it to traffic police to define the hours, joint commissioner (traffic) Satyendra Garg says, \"according to us, the peak hours are 8am to 10.30am and 5pm to 9pm\". However, for a commercial or residential area, these would not define regular hours. \"For instance, Chandni Chowk doesn'topen till 11am,\" he said.Trader associations are already up in arms. They say the government and the civic agency have cheated them as they collected close to Rs 1000 crore as conversion and parking charges but failed to provide parking space. \"The government and civic agency should first provide us adequate parking space before increasing the fee. This is an absurd proposal and it will badly affect our business,'' said Praveen Khandelwal, secretary general of Confederation of All India Traders.The public notice issued by the transport department, which gives residents one month to respond, will be followed by the STF taking up the suggestions and objections and giving recommendations based on these. These recommendations will thereafter be presented to the municipal corporation for implementation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "13074511", "title": "Spotted deer drowns in canal", "text": "GONDIA: The body of a spotted deer was seen floating in the main canal of Itiyadoh near Arjuni Morgaon railway station on Tuesday.Although an injury was found on its left eye, the forest officials feel it could be a simple case of drowning.This was second deer death incident in a week, first being a deer which got killed after being attacked by stray dogs while it was searching for water. According to forest officers, wild animals of Ramghat forest often come to drink water at the canals surrounding Arjuni Morgaon.In this case, forest officials suspect that the deer, trying to escape a chasing animal, may have slipped into the canal. Post mortem report revealed water in the lungs of the deer and an injury on its left eye, but RFO SP Kaur maintained that the animal had fallen in the water and drowned.Speaking to TOI, district co-coordinator of Satpuda foundation and chief of Nisarga Mandal Gondia Mukund Dhurve said, \"I have called upon forest department once again to ensure availability of drinking water for the wild animals in the forest itself so that they would not wander in search if water and meet with such accidents.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "13078556", "title": "Living up to own expectations still gives Sachin Tendulkar sleepless nights", "text": "NEW YORK: Maintaining his standard and living up to his own expectations still give Sachin Tendulkar \"sleepless nights\" and it is this restlessness that has brought the best out of him.\"I don't think I woke up one morning and felt that there was this responsibility on me and that I needed to live up to that expectation. Something which still gives me sleepless nights is, 'How will I go out and keep that standard, and live up to my own expectations,\" Tendulkar said in an interview published in 'Time' magazine.\"How am I going to go out and perform? That restlessness brings the best out of me, it's a healthy sign,\" he said.Tendulkar said he refrains from planning too far ahead on his future.\"My planning is only done match by match. I don't plan too far ahead, I've never done that. At most, I plan for the next tournament or series. I believe in approaching my targets step by step, and don't look at the larger picture.The American publication interviewed the Indian batting star for a profile that will appear in its issue this week. Tendulkar was named in Time's 2010 list of 100 most influential people in the world.Tendulkar said at the start of his career, he used to \"toss and turn\" at night before a game.\"Now I know that's normal, so I'll just get up and watch TV or something. I know it's just my subconscious mind getting ready for a game. It's about knowing yourself, and I know myself better now.\"Considered one of the greatest batsmen of all time, Tendulkar has smashed several records in his cricketing career and is the only cricketer to score 100 international centuries.He was nominated last month to the Indian Parliament's Lower house, the 'Rajya Sabha.Amid all the adulation he has received and the impact he has had on his countrymen, Tendulkar said he believes in focussing on his cricket and rest of the things happen on their own.\"Let people talk about it; me, I move forward. Right from my school days, I have done that. I know that certain things I do or say have an impact on people. People appreciate certain things that I do.\"But any active sportsman has to be very focused; you've got to be in the right frame of mind,\" he said adding that if a person's energy is diverted in various directions, he does not achieve the results.\"I need to know when to switch on and switch off: and the rest of the things happen around that. Cricket is in the foreground, the rest is in the background\", he said.Tendulkar said it is important for him to enjoy his game and he reminds himself of that theory in tough moments.\"So much happens (on and off the field) that sometimes you forget to enjoy the game. That's when things don't go smoothly. There have been challenges along the way, some tough moments. But I would speak to myself and say 'It doesn't matter what the situation is, enjoy it'.\"On how he handles the media hype around him and his game, Tendulkar said when he is on the field, he has \"0.5 seconds\" or less \"to react to a ball\" and he \"cannot be thinking of what XYZ has said about me. If I get to hear casually about something someone's said about me, or see something in the papers, that's fine. don't go looking for things. In the last few years, the hype has grown because there is such fierce competition in the media.\"\"Earlier, you played 10 shots, and maybe a couple of comments were made; today you play one shot and there are 500 comments. The ball is in the player's court, whether you want to follow every little thing or you want to keep your mind blank and trust your judgement, trust your instincts and take decisions,\" he said.On field, Tendulkar surrenders himself to his natural instincts and his subconscious mind knows what to do.\"It is trained to react. At home, my family doesn't discuss media coverage. It helps because I am able to take my own decisions not influenced by somebody saying something,\" he said.When asked about his \"switch-on/switch-off\" process for a game, he said the \"switching on\" happens automatically for him.\"I know that I am going to be playing in three weeks, so I better start doing something. I get restless. Even if I am holidaying and not doing anything--training, jogging or going for walks--I feel uneasy. It's become part of me now. Whether I am playing or not, I need some activity and that helps me to be normal, otherwise I am a little restless.\"Switching off on the other hand is not an instant process for him and is only possible when he has time between games. When I'm spending time with my children that's when I actually switch off and I stay away completely from cricket. I do normal things, like any father, any family man.\"He further said he has always wanted to be completely focussed on his game and did not want to think about the \"commercial\" side of it.\"I do [advertising] shoots, but not at the cost of compromising on my cricket. At no stage did I feel I would have to make compromises and earn an extra buck,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13074668", "title": "High court wants report on filling mental hospital vacancies", "text": "NAGPUR: The Bombay high court's Nagpur bench on Tuesday came down heavily on the Maharashtra government for its failure to fill vacancies in Government Mental Hospital on Koradi Road. A division bench comprising justices Bhushan Dharmadhikari and Ashok Bhangale directed the chief secretary to file a compliance report before June 13.The court's stern directives came while hearing a PIL filed by lawyer Raghvendra Joshi, who has prayed for directions to police to take care of mentally challenged children wandering the city streets.Earlier, state deputy director of health had informed the court that it will fill up nine posts of psychiatrists and 45 other staff by transferring employees from other hospitals in the state. On this, the judges had expressed deep anguish and said the PIL never demanded shifting of employees from other hospitals.According to Joshi, hundreds of kids go unnoticed by the government and citizens, and they are living under pitiable circumstances. During last hearing, the court had asked Nagpur University's National Social Service (NSS) and the traffic cops to locate such children and report them to the nearest police station. The police officials were directed to take them into custody and admit them to the mental hospital, Government Medical College (GMC) or Indira Gandhi Government Medical College (IGMC) for proper treatment.In case these children have been deserted by their family members, which is usually the case, the court asked the government to provide for their overall rehabilitation with help from NGOs.Maharashtra govt gets flak over Shegaon shrineThe High Court on Wednesday blasted the Maharashtra government for its failure to develop roads and infrastructure leading to the famous Shegaon shrine.A division bench comprising justices Bhushan Dharmdhikari and Ashok Bhangale asked the Amravati divisional commissioner's office as to why they wait for court's orders every time when it comes to development works.The judges expressed their deep anguish over divisional commissioner's affidavit which blamed the Jeevan Pradhikaran, BSNL , MSEDCL and other government agencies for delay in laying of new roads for over eight months.Earlier, amicus curiae Firdos Mirza and petitioner's counsel Anil Kilor pointed out that the government was absolutely not serious about development of the place and cite excuses for delay in work. The court's stern directives came while hearing a petition filed by two citizens of Shegaon - Anandilal Bhutada and Suresh Jaipuriya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13072975", "title": "Police stations to have child welfare officers", "text": "GURGAON: The Gurgaon police commissioner has deputed one non-gazetted officer in each of the police stations who will act as child welfare officer and keep tabs on the NGOs and orphanages in the city.A deadline of June 10 has been fixed for these child welfare officers to submit their reports in police stations and also in the police commissioner's office.The police commissioner has directed the SHOs and the child welfare officers to keep tabs on things like the number of children's homes located in the area, how many male and female kids are housed there, the NGOs in charge, etc.The police commissioner further said that in case of any problem, the respective SHO and welfare officer will be held responsible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "13073614", "title": "Palamu Tiger Reserve officials upset with CRPF misdemeanour", "text": "DALTONGANJ: Tiger trackers in Palamu Tiger Reserve (PTR) are scared of moving around freely following harassment meted out to one of them, by the central paramilitary force. The CRPF is presently carrying out phase two of operation 'Octopus' against the Maoists in the PTRAccording to tiger tracker Hikmat Singh (35), security forces stopped him when he was on his way to work at Toungaree village under Garu West range of PTR on sunday suspecting him to be a Maoist. Singh said that despite showing his departmental identity card, tiger trapping camera and two SIM cards and cell phones, the security forces paid no heed to his words and slapped him twice for carrying a cell phone in the jungle! \"The security forces forced another tracker Pooshan Singh to say that he works as a tiger tracker in the day but at night he work for the naxalites ,\" he said, asserting that most people in the forest do whatever the security men dictate them.However, Singh's ordeal did not end here. The security forces took him down to their base camp and quizzed him there. Finally mukhiya Manju Devi was called in by the security forces who managed to free him from the clutches of the security personnel.Singh said his tiger trapping camera, identity card, cap, tiffin box, two Sim cards, cell phone and one 'gamchee' (towel) are still in the possession of the security forces.PTR field director SHE Kazmi said Singh's ordeal is concerning and the security forces should try to understand the circumstances under which these trackers work. When Hikmat Singh had shown his departmental identity card, tiger trapping camera etc the security forces should have cross checked it with other forest officials, he said.DIG CRPF B K Sharma said presence of any person in jungle with two Sim cards, cell phone arouses suspicion and if in such a situation, a person is quizzed one should not take it otherwise. But when asked about seizure of tiger trapping camera, tiffin box, cell phone, identity card and other belongings by the security forces, Sharma assured to look into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13077172", "title": "Bachchans and Ajay Devgn to sing together", "text": "May 9, 2012. For others this may have been just another sweltering Mumbai summer day. But for the crew of Rohit Shetty's Bol Bachchan, this was surely a day to remember. For the first time, Ajay Devgn, Abhishek Bachchan and superstar Amitabh Bachchan were coming together for a shot. And we got a dekho of the memorable song being picturised at Film City.A set was created on the 16th floor of the studio. The unit was abuzz with activity. After all they had three stars in their midst. The choreographer Chinni Prakash was busy directing Amitabh Bachchan's entry sequence in the song.Reminding us of the famous track in Big B's 1977 blockbuster Amar Akbar Anthony, there was a big egg on the sets. Dressed in black, the superstar was asked to take his seat in the egg. And just like the My Name Is Anthony Gonsalves number, the egg turned and the Big B came out of it.By then, Ajay Devgn, who was feeling a bit unwell, had already left the sets. Abhishek too had shot for his portions and called it a day. But director Rohit Shetty and choreographer Chinni Prakash were busy doing their bit with Amitabh Bachchan.And that's not all. It will be the first time Ajay Devgn would lend his voice to a song in his career spanning 20 years. The track composed by Himesh Reshammiya will also have the Bachchans singing. Interestingly, the Big B will be singing some of his evergreen dialogues from films like Amar Akbar Anthony, Hum and Jhoom Barabar Jhoom for it. To be shot over four days, the song will however, not feature the leading ladies Asin and Prachi Desai .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13073778", "title": "Trans-harbour link project: Firms on shortlist for infra plan to be made public", "text": "MUMBAI: The prestigious, Rs 8,800 crore trans-harbour link project is set to get a boost on Thursday. The Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA) will shortlist the firms eligible to carry out the work on the 22-km link, the longest sea bridge in the country.MMRDA commissioner, Rahul Asthana said the list will be made public on Thursday after a meeting of the screening committee. MMRDA officials said that the final run for bagging the project will then begin. The MMRDA received six proposals involving 18 companies for the pre qualification bid held in March. A screening committee was set up to examine the eligibility of the proposals which had several big international names. An international consultant, KPMG has been helping the MMRDA officials go into all the details of the screening process.Among the big names in the fray are Gammon Infrastructure Projects Ltd ,OHL Concessions and G.S.Engineering Consortium, GMR Infrastructure, L&T; Ltd and Samsung C&T; Corp,Tata Realty and Infrastructure, Autostrade Indian Infra and Vinci Concessions. The link will be 22 km long with a 16.5 km long bridge across Mumbai harbour and a 5.5 km long viaduct approaches on the Sewri and Nhava sides. Interchanges are proposed at Sewri to connect to Eastern freeway and at Chirle to connect to National Highway 4B to facilitate traffic dispersal.The state government has tried to start work on the trans harbour link for several years without anything definite coming about.The attempt by the Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation(MSRDC) to invite tenders and begin work did not materialize and the work was handed over to the MMRDA by the state government recently.MMRDA officials said that the work of screening has been going on for the past two months. Past record and the technology being offered by these companies will be a big plus point in assessing the winners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13073038", "title": "Cleared in 2007 riots case, 4 youths face cops again", "text": "HYDERABAD: Life has come full circle for four students from the Old City who were charged and acquitted in the Mecca Masjid riots case of 2007. Acquitted in that case only three months ago, their names now figure in another chargesheet, that of the recent communal clashes in Saidabad and Madannapet. Having lost an academic year earlier, they fear that this time too they would have to spend days fighting their case in courts.The four- Moutesim Billah, Tarhana Fayaz, Syed Ahmed Hussain and Mutiuddin Wasif- are mentioned as 'absconding accused' in the riot cases. However, they are very much in the city and have taken anticipatory bail to avoid arrest. In the recent cases, all booked on April 8, Fayaz is listed as accused number 8, Billah as accused 9, Wasif as accused 12 and Hussain as accused 16.Pointing out similarities between the police chargesheets of rioting following Mecca Masjid blast and Saidabad violence, they said they were implicated in both the instances using the \"confession statements\" of other accused. In the recent riot cases, they were named as accused as per the confession statements of three prime accused __ Javeed Khan, Akber Khan and Mohammed Ali. Of the four, Moutesim Billah was the only one who had received a compensation of Rs 20,000 for being falsely implicated in the earlier riot case. Interestingly, the Special Investigation Team (SIT) of Central Crime Station which investigated the Mecca Masjid blast is also investigating the recent communal clash incidents.For the students, the cases mean yet another harrowing period of trying to defend themselves. While Billah, a B Tech student, at the time of Mecca Masjid blast had spent 100 days in police custody and was not allowed to write his final semester examinations, Fayaz, an LLB student was detained for 180 days. Ahmed Hussain and Mutiuddin Wasif, both commerce students, were kept in police custody for 12 days following the blasts and rioting and later put behind bars for 110 days.Speaking to TOI, the students said that their academic life had again come to a standstill. \"I completed my B Tech and I am currently preparing for Osmania University's PG common entrance examination to be held in June. With the cases booked on my name I am wondering whether I will be denied admission,\" said Billah. Others said that their experiences in prison and courts are still fresh in their minds. Fayaz said, \"I am in my final year of law degree (LLB) and I need to concentrate on my examinations right now. But all that I am praying for is to stay away from prison,\" said Fayaz.All the four said that they did not want to reveal the names of their colleges as they fear administrative action against them. \"After I was framed in rioting cases, college officials asked me to discontinue studies. With the help of social workers I managed to hang on,\" said Wasif.SIT officials admitted that the students were acquitted in the prior cases but have figured once again as there could be substantial evidence against them. \"Though one is acquitted in one case one can figure in the investigation of another case. We are still investigating the rioting cases and all those named in the confession statement are only accused. No arrests have been made so far,\" said John Victor, DCP, CCS. Investigating officer, Y Venkateswar Rao, inspector of police, CCS, North Zone said he cannot reveal why their names have figured yet again in the chargesheet as that is \"classified information which falls under investigative secrecy\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13072401", "title": "Held over extortion bid, accused in 3-day custody", "text": "NASHIK: Accused Durgesh Jadhav, who was arrested by the city police on charges of making threatening calls to a builder for extortion has been remanded to three-day police custody.Jadhav was produced before a local court on Tuesday, which remanded him in 3-day police custody for further interrogation. for further investigationActing on a complaint made by builder Naresh Karda regarding calls he was getting over extortion, the police soon swung into action to trace the culprits.While cops could not lay their hands on the main accused in the crime, they nabbed Durgesh Jadhav, who was reportedly only an accomplice, assisting the main culpritwho assisted with making the threatening calls to the builder.Builders in the city have focussed their attention on the outcome of the case since many of them find it hard to believe that a crime of this nature could occur within the ir city, against the builder community. are not ready to believe that such things are happening in the city.Speaking to TOI, Many builders, under conditions of anonymity, said the incident with Karda could be more of an exception, one of its kind, since they had never received threatening extortion calls thus far.However some sources said that the builders could also be reluctant to come forward even if they were getting such calls, out of an obvious fear. fearing for their life.Meanwhile, Speaking to media persons, Police commisisoner Kulwant Kumar Sarangal has assured that those behind the incident would be nabbed soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13074372", "title": "Identify parking places, zones told", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation finally seems to have become serious about providing parking places in city's commercial areas. It has asked all zonal offices to identify places for parking in their areas.Executive engineer (traffic) Nasir Khan told TOI that the civic chief had expressed concern over lack of parking places in the city. He said that the number of vehicles in the city had increased manifold in the last few years.At present, there is no on-street parking and only a a few off-street parking places at places like Cotton Market and Netaji Market. Many private commercial complexes have valet parking facilities but they basically park the cars on the street itself.The problem is made worse by encroachments of hawkers in busy market areas. Citing an example, Khan said that the traffic on Residency Road was pathetic as vehicles are parked on either side of the road. Similarly, hawkers virtually choke the Sitabuldi main road. Hence, after the anti-encroachment drive, civic chief Sanjeev Jaiswal has decided to increase the number of designated parking lots in every zone.He has asked all assistant commissioners to identify parking places for two and four-wheelers while carrying out the anti-encroachment drives in their respective region. After this, pay and park schemes would be launched on the stretches.\"The roads identified include those with commercial activity and ones having width and scope for two and four wheeler parking. They should have enough carriageway left for two-way traffic even after parking space is earmarked,\" Khan said.The spaces beneath flyovers have also been identified for parking. On some roads haphazard parking is being done at present. The move could regulate parking at these places. The stretches and places already identified for pay and park include Link Road Sadar, Mahajan Market, Apna Bazaar, Sitabuldi Main road, Rahate Colony square.On Link road, one side of the stretch will be used for four-wheelers, while the other side will be for parking of two-wheelers, said Khan. On Sitabuldi main road, parking of two-wheelers will be allowed on either side of the road. \"The entire stretch will be no-hawking zone,\" said Khan and added that soon the NMC will invite tenders in this regard.Similarly, Dhantoli zone had submitted a proposal of parking of two-wheelers, four-wheelers at Gowari Flyover at Rahate Colony end.\"A proposal was also prepared to create autorickshaw stand there,\" he said. At present, autorickshaws block traffic at Rahate Colony square where both MSRTC and private buses stop.NMC officials were also told to carry out a joint survey with traffic police to identify parking places for autorickshaws.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13074148", "title": "Needy suffer as problems plague Varanasi hospitals", "text": "VARANASI: Even the divisional and district hospitals, where the seriously ailing patients are referred from community and primary health centers as well as smaller government hospitals, are facing crisis of manpower including specialist doctors and medical equipments.It is shocking is to see that despite completion of Intensive Care Units (ICU), they are lying non-operational. The burns ward at the district hospital is operating without air-conditioners while many air-conditioners at the divisional hospital's burns ward are non-functional. The posts of plastic surgeon, psychiatrist, urologist and neurologist are sanctioned but all positions are lying vacant.Yes, this is the reality of the health services being provided at the Shiv Prasad Gupt Divisional Hospital and Deen Dayal Upadhyaya District Hospital to ailing persons, especially from those sections of the society that who can't afford the expanses of treatment, which can be availed at modernised and well equipped private hospitals.The importance of these hospitals can be known by witnessing the long queues of patients and their attendants at the window where the prescription is purchased. On an average 800 patients turn up at SPG Divisional Hospital while more than 700 patients visit DDU District hospital, reveals the records of these hospitals.It is worth mentioning here that UP minister of state for health Shankh Lal Manjhi had visited the divisional hospital recently. After his visit the TOI tried to take stock of the divisional and district hospitals on Wednesday when surprising facts surfaced. When Dr DB Singh, superintendent in chief (SIC) of SPG hospital was contacted to know the efforts made for ending the crisis of manpower especially of the specialist doctors, he said, \"We send applications and letters complaining about these vacant posts, but no steps have been taken in this regard. Whenever patients in need of treatment from a neurologist or cardiologist come, we have to refer them to another prominent hospital of the city, they are admitted there if they get a bed, otherwise brought here again and we continue the treatment somehow.\"In fact, the sanctioned Intensive Care Unit (ICU) is also lying defunct due to lack of manpower ever since its inception. \"At least four doctors and four nurses and para-medical staffs are required to look after patients in ICU. Due to their unavailability the ICU is lying non-operational,\" informed Dr Singh.According to records of SIC's office, out of the three vacant positions for general physicians, two are vacant. Only one radiologist is appointed out of three sanctioned posts while all the four positions sanctioned for blood bank are vacant. Similarly, one post out of two sanctioned posts for pathologist is vacant.There is no gyneacologist because of the presence of District Women Hospital in the same compound. \"Hospital runs with a shortage of 10 doctors every day as most of the doctors remain on duty with VIPs,\" informed a doctor on the condition of anonymity.It is noteworthy that the divisional hospital acts as a referral centre for district hospitals and many community health centres. However, this hospital had not only the shortage of doctors, but also an acute crisis of nurses and paramedical staffs is also prevailing in the hospital. According to Dr Singh, no nurses or paramedical staffs have been appointed since last 15 years. At present there are 55 nurses in the hospital. \"The efficiency of old nurses is declining and no new nurse has been appointed, which leads to lots of troubles for nurses as well as patients as they have to take care of approximately 300 patients\", shared a nursing staff of the hospital, who wished not to be named.The general health facilities at the divisional hospital were also found to be lying in a sorry state. Heap of garbage including domestic, medical and surgical wastes were found in front of the highly sensitive burns ward where patients are expected to dwell in highly cleaned surrounding. According to a cleaning staff, Kallu, the garbage is collected from the hospital twice in a week and most of the time it is burnt in the same compound. However, when Dr Singh was contacted, he refused to accept that such practice is going on in the hospital premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13073925", "title": "A chance to obtain Cannes scholarship", "text": "MUMBAI: The Advertising Club Bombay along with The Times Group, the official representative of Cannes in India, is offering an opportunity to undergraduate and postgraduate students this summer to get an entry to the prestigious Roger Hatchuel Academy at The Cannes Lions International Festival of Creativity 2012.The Advertising Club Bombay will sponsor the winner who gets an all expenses paid trip to the Cannes Advertising Festival plus the Cannes Lions BA Scholarship involving one week of training between June 17 and 23.Applicants need to have a valid passport and should apply before May 15. A written test will be held on May 22, followed by an exercise of making a theme-based ad. The test papers and the creatives would be judged by a team of top ad professionals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13073036", "title": "Pupil-teacher ratio skewed in Goa schools", "text": "PANAJI: Goa has 421 primary and upper primary schools with an adverse pupil teacher ratio as stipulated by the Right to Education (RTE) Act, the central government's delivery monitoring unit for Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan has found in its statistics gathered up to December 31, 2011. Goa is far from meeting the RTE requirements with 353 single teacher primary schools, which has led central government officials to advise the state to redeploy teachers.The statistics gathered to review the status of RTE implementation in states reveal that Goa has as many as 23 habitations that need a new primary school and another 12 localities that are waiting to be served by an upper primary school in the neighbourhood. Also, 16 schools in Goa were found to be functioning without drinking water facilities.RTE requires that Classes from I to V should have at least two teachers for every 60 students, three teachers for 61 to 90 students, four teachers for 90 to 120 students and over five teachers and a regular headmaster in case of schools with over 150 students.For Classes VI to VIII, RTE requires that each class should have at least one teacher in addition to subject teachers for science, mathematics, social sciences, languages, art etc.\"It was informed by Goa that 353 schools in the state are single teacher schools. They are requested that surplus teachers may be redeployed for this purpose,\" Union human resource development (HRD) ministry officials communicated to Goa government.Goa has assured to \"take action to ensure that the neighbourhood mapping exercise is complete and all children are provided access to school\".The state also assured it will ensure that \"all teacher related provisions under the RTE Act, including adherence of prescribed pupil teacher ratio in all schools, prohibition of assigning to teachers non-academic tasks (barring census, elections and disaster management) etc are put into practice in all schools in the state.\"Goa has also committed that it will \"ensure that all schools are provided drinking water and toilets as per the directions of the Supreme Court\" and that \"it will review in-service teacher training programmes to ensure that it conforms to the revised curriculum and formulate a long term in-service teacher development programme as per the RTE requirements.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13074362", "title": "Air services likely by early June", "text": "MYSORE: The air connectivity to the tourist hub could be restored by early June.The state government is expecting two operators, SpiceJet and Indigo, to come back to it with fresh proposals this week and plans to relaunch the air services by June, district minister S A Ramdas said on Wednesday.This follows a meeting last week at the Mysore Airport attended by representatives from air operators and other stakeholders.Deputy commissioner P S Vastrad, who attended the meeting, had conveyed to the minister that the two operators are working out the flight plans and will come with fresh proposals.\"We expect the fresh plans to be submitted by this week and plan to relaunch the operation by early June. The air operators are working out details based on the availability of mid-sized aircraft,\" he told The Times of India.The plan is to link Mysore with Hyderabad, Chennai and Goa via Bangalore and operate flights early in the morning and evening to facilitate both inbound and outbound the passengers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13074256", "title": "Monkey keeps airport officials on their toes", "text": "INDORE: After bird menace, the Indore airport faced yet another problem on Wednesday morning when a monkey kept the security officials on their toes for nearly an hour. The officials chased monkey right from the entry road to booking centre.\"I had come to catch a flight but I was scared to see monkey hopping around,\" Surendra Sharma, a private banker, said. He added that the airport authority should keep animals away from the airport. \"The airport officials convinced us saying that the monkey would not enter into the area of flight operations,\" he said.DFO Saeed Khan said there are a few monkeys around the airport, mainly because of Bijasan Mandir. People coming to visit mandir offer some food items to monkey. It is very common to find some animals around such places.Officials said earlier too monkeys had entered on the premises from the main road.The Indore airport is facing a serious problem of bird hits as well. In last one month, two incidents of bird hits have been reported at the airport and in last one year around eight incidents of bird hits have been reported. The airport officials said temples and other eatery shops around the airport are the main reasons for birds and animals creeping on the airport premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13074741", "title": "Sitabuldi cops confirm BCCA paper leak", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as Nagpur University administration led by vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal continues to be in denial mode regarding BCCA paper leak, first exposed by TOI, the confirmation came from the horses' mouth.The Sitabuldi police have confirmed the leak to TOI after their initial investigations where they checked e-mail received by registrar Mahesh Yenkie on his official Id and also took statements from commerce dean Bharat Meghe and management council member Mahindra Nimbarte. However, NU PRO office stated that they were yet to receive any official confirmation from the police and would comment only after that.TOI on April 22 had first exposed that the question paper of final year Bachelor of Commerce (BCom) Computer Application (New Course), popularly known as BCCA, that was conducted on April 21 at 9.30am was leaked on Friday night itself. In fact, the newspaper had received the question paper of 'Business Law (New/Old)' on Friday on email at 10.29pm and when tallied with original one next day, all the questions were in the same order with just a few words changed.Sources told TOI that this might be the biggest leak after Kohchade scam which rocked NU in 1999 and unknown number of students might have received the questions on their mobiles. About 2,965 students appeared for their last paper from 54 centres (28 from the city).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13074689", "title": "Education minister gives grace marks to failed students", "text": "The failed Class IX students of Byculla's Antonio Desouza High School and Worli's Sacred Heart High School will be given grace marks, school education minister Rajendra Darda said on Wednesday; if some students do not pass even after this, their answer sheets will be re-evaluated by independent examiners.\"The students could not get the benefit of grace marks because of a circular issued in March. So they failed. After taking their welfare into consideration, we have decided to defer the implementation of the circular by a year,\" Darda told TOI.Expressing shock at the dismal performance of the two schools, Darda said he had asked senior officials of his department to examine their records. \"If 50% of Class IX students fail, then all is not well with the school. If the students' performance was not satisfactory when they were in Class VIII, then as per the Right to Education Act, the managements of the schools should have imparted them special coaching during the summer vacation.\"He said he would speak to the heads of leading schools in the metropolis to ensure effective implementation of the act.On the circular (issued on March 12 this year), additional chief secretary (school education) G S Saharia said the matter could be traced back till March 2007. On the 10th of that month, the school education department issued a circular, saying that grace marks were to be granted to students who were within striking distance of passing marks. In March 2010, it issued another circular, saying that for passing a subject in Class IX, students would have to secure a minimum of 25% marks in the theory paper. An identical circular was issued for Class XI students in 2011.Saharia said the 2010 and 2011 circulars were very clear about grace marks and minimum passing marks. \"They made clear that Class IX and XI students will be eligible for grace marks in maths and science only if they secure a minimum of 25% marks in the theory paper. Marks obtained in theory and practical were to be considered independently for promotion.\"He said that despite the later circulars being issued, many schools across the state continued following the 2007 circular. For such schools, the school education department issued a circular on March 12, 2012. \"The new circular is quite clear. Class IX and XI students will be eligible for grace marks only if they secure a minimum of 25% marks in the theory paper,\" Saharia said. \"But because there was a delay in issuing it, implementation has been deferred by a year.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13074108", "title": "Anti-Gehlot MLAs meet Sonia, request leadership change in state", "text": "JAIPUR: Congress president Sonia Gandhi on Wednesday heard out the disgruntled legislators who have been complaining against chief minister Ashok Gehlot's style of functioning in the state.According to sources, the legislators requested the party supremo to change the state leadership if the party is to retain power after the 2013 assembly elections. Until now the band of anti-Gehlot legislators were complaining against the chief minister's work style but were not seeking a change in the leadership.The legislators who met Gandhi included Sonaram Chaudhary (Baytoo, Barmer), Udai Lal Anjana (Nimbahera, Chittorgarh), Ganga Sahai Sharma (Amber, Jaipur), CL Premi (Keshoraipatan, Bundi) and Daulat Raj Sameja (Raisinghnagar, Sriganganagar), said sources. The Gehlot's detractors had been seeking an appointment with the party chief since last month.Sources said nearly two-dozen legislators had jointly sought the appointment but the high command decided that five of them could narrate the group's grievances to the party president. \"We had a meaningful meeting lasting about 20 minutes with the party president,\" confirmed one of the legislators who wished to remain unidentified.Chief minister Gehlot has been facing consistent resistance within the Congress Legislative Party (CLP). In the past the same group of disgruntled legislators registered their protest against Gehlot with Gandhi's political advisor Ahmed Patel, party affairs' in-charge Mukul Wasnik and even AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi .The disgruntled legislators have maintained that public representatives were being ill-treated by the ministers and the bureaucrats, while the chief minister was doing nothing to correct this. At a CLP meeting during the state assembly's recently concluded budget session, some of these legislators openly criticised the chief minister for not addressing their grievances. Gehlot had then told the legislators to meet the party high command if they had any complaint against him.Earlier this month, majority of the legislators who are considered anti-Gehlot were seen sharing the dais with union minister CP Joshi and PCC chief Chandrabhan at a party function in Sirohi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13066279", "title": "Amitabh shoots for Bol Bachchan", "text": "Post his surgery, Amitabh Bachchan started shooting for the film - Bol Bachchan - from today. He shot a cameo - a song 'with the Bol Bachchan starcast, Abhishek and Ajay. Bachchan recently announced his cameo in Rohit Shetty's film.Rohit Shetty, director of Bol Bachchan met Amitabh on May 4 and discussed the song with him. Reportedly, Bachchan has lent his voice to the title track that has been composed by Himesh Reshammiya.He shot for the same title track with Ajay Devgn and Abhishek Bachchan today at a massive set at Film City, Mumbai. The song was choreographed by Chinni Prakash. Rohit Shetty will wrap the film shoot after the shooting of this title track.Shooting for a song after a long time Bachchan had butterflies in stomach. He said, \"'Bol Bachchan' on my mind and some rather large butterflies in my stomach. Hope it holds up - physically and metaphorically!\"The film is expected to release on July 6.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "13074399", "title": "Statue of Jodhpur founder Rao Jodha to be installed in Jodhpur on May 12", "text": "JODHPUR: The statue of the founder of Jodhpur city is going to be installed on its 554th foundation day. The historic city was founded by Rao Jodha in 1459 but as yet there was no statue or remembrance of the founder. Now, the Mehrangarh Museum Trust is going to unveil a horse-borne statue of Rao Jodha atop the hill near the magnificent Mehrangarh Fort on May12. The bands of army, air force, BSF and the royal band of Mehrangarh will play at the occasion.Director of the trust Karni Singh Jasol also said a catalogue showcasing Rao Jodha will also be released on this occasion by the erstwhile ruler of Jodhpur, Gaj Singh. \"This statue is made of 'ashtadhatu' (which is a blend of eight metals) and is worth Rs 37 lakh, out of which Rs 17 lakh were contributed by public,\" Jasol said. This statue is 16 feet long, 5.6 feet wide and 15 feet high, and has been made by Fakirchand, a statue artist in Haridwar. The announcement to make the statue was made on May 12, 2007.On the 554th foundation day celebrations, the trust has also taken upon itself the task of acquainting the school students with the history and glory of their city. The school students will be taken on an extensive tour of the Mehrangarh Fort with their parents, so that they not only learn about the past of their city but also come to know about its magnificent traditions, Jasol informed.The administration, too, has geared up to celebrate the day with fanfare. The celebrations, under the aegis of Rajasthan Sangeet Natak Academy, will start on the eve of the foundation day and will end on May 16. The programmes will include seminars, band competitions, photo and handicraft exhibitions, cultural programmes and a show of fireworks. Besides this, the main function will be organized at the Umaid Stadium on May 12 and will have various competitions like turban tying, fancy dress and camel tattoo show, etc.Main attractions of this year's celebrations will be a ghazal night by famous ghazal singers Ahmed Husain - Muhammad Husain, dance by Kathak exponent Prerna Shirmali from Jaipur gharana, marshal art dance by the artists from Purulia ( West Bengal ) and spiritual hymns of Kabir by Padma Shri Prahlad Singh.eomJodhpur: Jodhpur is going to have the statue of its founder after 554 years of its foundation. The historic city of Jodhpur was founded by Rao Jodha in 1459 but there was no mark of his remembrance as a founder of this city for its residents. Now, the Mehrangarh Museum Trust is going to unveil a horse borne statue of Rao Jodha atop the hill near the magnificent Mehrangarh Fort on 12 May, the foundation day of Jodhpur, amidst the blended beats of army, air force, BSF and the royal bands of Mehrangarh.Director of the trust Karni Singh Jasol told that to be unveiled by the erstwhile ruler of Jodhpur Gaj Singh, a folder showcasing Rao Jodha will also be released on this occasion. \"This statue is made of \"ashtadhatu\" (blend of eight metals) and has borne a cost of Rs. 37 lac, out of which Rs. 17 lac was the public contribution\", Jasol told. This statue is 16 feet long, 5.6 feet wide and 15 feet high, which has been made by Fakirchand, a statue artist, in Haridwar. The announcement regarding construction of this statue was made on 12 May, 2007.With this 554th foundation day celebration of Jodhpur, the trust has also taken upon itself a task of bringing the school students of the city closure to the history and glory of their city. Jasol told that with a view to make the new generation of the city acquainted with the customs and traditions of the city, we will take the school students on an extensive free tour of the Mehrangarh Fort with their parents, so that they not only could learn about their past but also to sensitize them towards their glorious history and the rich values, which have been cherished by their ancestors with proud.The administration has also roped in a gala plan to celebrate the foundation day of the city in a memorable and extended manner for the first time. The celebrations, under the aegis of Rajasthan Sangeet Natak Academy, will start from the previous eve of the foundation day and will last till 16 May. The programs will include seminars, band competitions, photo and handicraft exhibitions, cultural programs and fire cracker show. Besides this, the main function of the foundation day was organized at the Umaid Stadium on 12 May and will comprise various competitions like turban tying, fancy dress, sea-saw and camel tattoo show etc.Main attractions of this year's celebrations will be a gazal night by famous gazal brothers Ahmed Husain - Muhammad Husain, dance by Kathak exponent Prerna Shirmali from Jaipur gharana, famous marshal art dance by the artists from Purulia (West Bengal) and spiritual hymns of Kabir by Padma Shri Prahlad Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13074273", "title": "Doctors to protest againt blame put for female feticide in Rajasthan", "text": "JAIPUR: The All Rajasthan in Service Doctors Association (ARISDA) on Wednesday said it is not wise to put blame solely on the doctors for female feticide and said such action hurt the sentiments of the doctors' community as a whole.The doctors will protest against blaming them and claimed that they are being \"defamed\" in the female feticide issue.\"We are against female feticide. In a TV programme telecast on Sunday, doctors are blamed for female feticide. Aamir Khan blamed doctors for female feticide. It hurts the feelings of the doctors. It is wrong to blame the entire doctors' community for the social evil,\" ARISDA general secretary Dr Nasrin Bharti said.She said ARISDA will protest on Monday and all doctors in the state will wear black bands to show their resentment.Bharti said those who are involved in such activities are quacks. \"Most of us in the medical profession are here for years and we have put efforts to prevent the corrupt practice of sex determination,\" she said.The office bearers of ARISDA claimed that they will constitute a team of the doctors to find out secretly about the doctors who are involved such a crime. \"We are quite sensitive about the issue and we are against female feticide and sex determination. There may be exceptions in the doctors' community who may be involved in sex determination. So, we have decided to constitute a team to find out such doctors. They must be punished,\" ARISDA president Dr G D Maheshwari said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13075306", "title": "New Maldives president to visit India this week", "text": "NEW DELHI: The new president of Maldives, Waheed Hassan Manik, will visit India this weekend for his first set of meetings with the Indian government after an extraordinary turn of events put him at the helm of affairs in the island nation.Waheed, who arrives on may 11, will be accompanied by, among others, by Dhunya Maumoon, the daughter of former president Maumoon Abdul Gayoom. She has been inducted into Waheed's cabinet as minister of state for external affairs. Waheed is expected to meet the entire Indian leadership. His predecessor, Mohamed Nasheed, who resigned on February 7, recently did the rounds in Delhi as well, and was received at the highest levels. The government here, too, is keen to meet Waheed to judge his intentions and his plans for his country. Nasheed, during his recent visit, continued on his theme that he had been overthrown in a coup, but this has been received with a degree of scepticism in India. But those crucial hours on February 7 remain murky, NAND will continue to cloud the fate of this present government.Nasheed was very critical of the Indian role as well, insinuating that the Indian high commissioner may have been sympathetic to Gayoom's party. He blames Gayoom as the master-puppeteer behind the turmoil which resulted in his resignation. Meanwhile, Waheed, said officials in Maldives, has been gradually consolidating his power. Last week, the Majlis approved of Waheed Deen as vice-president, and his 14-member cabinet too was approved by a majority in the 77-member parliament.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13074881", "title": "Prices of veggies, fruits increase", "text": "PUNE: Sourcing from far away areas, high transportation cost and growing demand have kept vegetables prices on the higher side this summer. Reduced availability of water in farms has contributed in pushing the prices up.\"Pune being a major city, vegetables are sourced from areas as far as Kolhapur. The major supply of potato is from Agra while cauliflowers and cabbages come from Belgaum, which is 350 kms from Pune. So, vegetables are bound to get costlier,\" said Shivlal Bhosale, chairman of the Shri Chhatrapati Shivaji Market Yard Commission Agents' Association.Major supply pockets around city are located in Junnar, Pirangut, Wagholi, Ranjangaon, Khed-Shivapur and Nanded Phata. Most of the agricultural land in these areas is now occupied by industries or houses. Due to urbanization, farmers prefer to sell their vegetables in the local market instead of sending it all the way to Pune city.Areas such as Deccan Gymkhana, Model Colony, Bhosalenagar, Kothrud, parts of Karvenagar, Tilak Road, Satara Road, Pune Camp, Wanowrie, Koregaon Park, Kalyaninagar, Vimannagar, Pashan, Aundh and Baner are considered prime locations and prices of vegetables here are much higher as compared to those in Peth areas, Katraj, Khadki, Hadapsar, Kalewadi and Pimpri Chinchwad.Cluster beans, spinach, fenugreek, green peas along with carrot and cucumber are the most popular vegetables. Fenugreek had a price tag of Rs 15 per bunch while cluster beans and snake gourd were sold at Rs 40 per kg. Potatoes, which were sold at Rs 10 per kg in January, are currently sold for Rs 16 per kg.If it rains in villages around the city by the second week of June, the prices should cool down. Vegetables require minimum two to three weeks to grow.Sumati Joshi, a resident of Kothrud, said, \"Prices of cabbage and ladyfinger were around Rs 30 per kg in January. Today, almost all vegetables are touching Rs 60 per kg. I have noticed the prices fluctuate every three-four days.\"Amit Kumar Vajpeyee, an IT professional, said, \"I like to cook food at home, but high vegetables prices do not leave much scope to experiment with dishes as I fear that food may go waste. Earlier, I spent around Rs 200 to buy vegetables that lasted for about 10 days. But now my expenditure has gone up to Rs 300.\"Aniket Kulkarni, a resident of Narayan Peth, said, \"Since January, vegetable prices have increased by at least Rs 5 per kg. I am the only one who earns in my family of five. So we have cut down on some other expenses.\"Ramnath Ghaytadak, a vegetable retailer in Sadashiv Peth, said, \"Prices are up due to increasing transportation cost and APMC cess. I hiked prices to sustain my business. The risk has also gone up. When I buy from the wholesale market, I am not sure if the entire stock will be sold.\"Among fruits, the prices of apples, grapes and papaya were lower as compared to the corresponding period last year. Now, apples and grapes are sold at Rs 80 and Rs 48 per kg respectively while the same were priced at Rs 100 and Rs 60 per kg on May 9, 2011. Papaya was sold at Rs 14 per kg in the first week of May 2011 while the current price is Rs 10 per kg.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13074098", "title": "Opposition puts finance minister on mat over farmers\u2019 woes", "text": "NEW DELHI: After being indulged by all and sundry over the possibility of becoming the next President for almost a week, finance minister Pranab Mukherjee was in for a shock on Wednesday when the united opposition attacked him for being unmindful to the travails of farmers, highlighting the paucity of jute bags for packaging and lack of storage facility amid overflowing grain procurement.The issue raised by JD(U), BJP and others forced adjournment of question hour in Lok Sabha and there was little respite for the government when it resumed.JD(U) chief and NDA convener Sharad Yadav, who had been agitating for swift steps to alleviate woes of farmers saddled with bumper harvest of wheat, was again the first off the block.He complained that he twice went to Mukherjee's room but could not meet him. \"Maybe you were busy with work. But none of your work is taking the country forward,\" Yadav said, his acerbic tone shattering the bubble that has grown around Mukherjee as the most suitable candidate for President.The joint attack by NDA parties, the TDP and even UPA's allies like the SP and RJD left Mukherjee stunned, as it sharply contrasted with the bipartisan support he got over the Finance Bill on Tuesday and even the kind words he received over his chances of moving to Rashtrapati Bhavan during the debate.Visibly chastened, Mukherjee bowed to the protests, instantly conceding the validity of the complaint and promising consultations with leaders of all parties. He said the trouble over jute bags was largely in MP and UP, where procurement exceeded expectations. In MP, the projection was 65 lakh tonnes but the actual procurement was over 85 lakh tonnes.There was all-round protest that the Centre was doing nothing to shield the massive farm output from rains.Yadav said he had devised new ways of grain disbursement as NDA's food minister and demanded an all-party meeting to discuss the issue. He saw lobbying by plastic manufacturers behind the shortage of jute bags.Yadav also attacked Mukherjee's plan to hike diesel prices, asking why subsidized diesel was being given to the rich class which used it either in hotels or cell towers or for transport. While he took the cue from SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav's concerns over grain in UP, Congress's trusted ally Lalu Prasad saw a \"conspiracy\" and demanded figures on jute bags provided to states. BJP's Narendra Tomar blamed the paucity of storage facility on the Centre's lack of foresight.The tenor of attack became strident and the ruling party benches heaved a sigh of relief when Congress's Partap Singh Bajwa rose to counter the shrill pitch of the preceding speaker, Akali Dal's Harsimrat Badal, who wanred of 120 lakh tonnes of grain procured by Punjab going waste . Bajwa said storage capacity of 52 lakh tonnes had been readied by private players, but state agency Pungrain was not handing them over to FCI.There were strong protests by Akalis as he accused the Punjab government of turning a blind eye to farmers' woes when it did not have to pay a single penny for these godowns and even slammed it for diverting paddy at cheaper rates to distilleries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13074066", "title": "CBI seeks extra hands for NRHM scam investigation", "text": "LUCKNOW: Facing flak for the tardy pace of investigation in the NRHM scam, the CBI has demanded for extra hands to help it cope up with the work pressure. In a letter sent to DGP UP last Monday, its Delhi headquarters has requested additional \"manpower and material\" in view of the magnitude of the NRHM scam which covers practically all districts and thousands of government employees, politicians, and middlemen. Though the high court has extended the deadline for investigation into the NRHM scam by another three months, the prime agency is said to be feeling the heat and would like to show a better report card next time.As per CBI sources, its tussle with the state government has been going on for quite some time. \"We are defiantly overburdened and overstretched,\" said a senior officer, who claimed that state officials have been quoting shortage of force and therefore inability to provide the assistance.Investigations into the Rs 5,700 crore scam in the funds allocated for sprucing up heath services in the rural belt is a massive exercise. Facts like verifying the details of contracts of maintenance of district hospitals, CHC, PHC, renovation of toilets and wards, supply of building material and labor for construction of auxiliary nurse and midwife centers, procurement of medicines and equipment of blindness control programme, reproductive and child health and Janni Suraksha Yojana could mean scanning the records at the block level too. And this needs the kind of numbers we simply don't have.\"The CBI is probing the NRHM case on the directive of the high court. The scam surfaced after the murders of two CMOs in Lucknow within a gap of six months. When a deputy CMO who was accused of mastermiding the two killing s was also found dead, several PILs were filed to hand over the case to the CBI.The high court then handed over the probe in all the three murders and the NRHM scam to the Central agency.The foodgrain scam also is an equally massive and messy affair. According to records, it involves 34 districts, 450 class I government officials, 800 middle and lower-rung personnel and 10,000 private players, middlemen, etc. The entire scam could eventually lead to lodging of at lest 5,000 FIRs, sources claimed.Realizing the volume of the task at hand, the high court had directed the CBI to seek help from the enforcement directorate, but the ED cannot be relied upon to help out with infrastructural support, sources pointed out .Denying reports to the contrary, the CBI sources said that the agency was well within its right to seek support from the state government. It has been an accepted practice, says one official. Meanwhile, a senior officer in the home department confirmed that the demand by the CBI for sub-inspectors, gazetted officers and vehicles is being considered by the UP DGP who would take a decision after assessing the ground situation. It has to be seen, he said, if the civil police which has 50% less than its sanctioned strength as on date is in a position to oblige the Central agency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13073384", "title": "Rs 6 lakh looted from staff of private agency", "text": "PATNA: In yet another incident of loot in the state capital, two armed motorcycle-borne criminals looted around Rs 6 lakh from two employees of a private agency near Dharhara Kothi under Kadamkuan police station on Wednesday afternoon.City SP Kim said, \"Two youths -- Santosh and Dilip -- employees of a private agency located at Kumhrar were on way to their office after withdrawing money from the Naya Tola branch of the Central Bank of India . As soon as they entered the lane close to the bank, the criminals intercepted them. One of the criminals flashed his pistol and snatched the money before escaping from the spot.\"The SP, however, said the employees did not raise any alarm after the incident. Their antecedents are being probed, Kim said, adding the eyewitnesses account also confirm that no resistance was offered by these two. The employees said that they always use the same route to carry the money. The SP said investigations are on from all possible angles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13072747", "title": "VS Achuthanandan to lead LDF delegation to meet governer over Calicut University land scam", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Opposition leader V S Achuthanandan has said that chief minister Oommen Chandy cannot escape the blame over Calicut university land scam.\"It was Oommen Chandy government which decided to dismiss the democratically elected syndicates in all the universities and replace them with nominated syndicates which in turn paved the way for corrupt decisions like the land allotments taken by the CU syndicate,\" Achuthanandan said.Inaugurating the protest march to the university organized by the Calicut University Protection Council, Achuthanandan said that he would lead an LDF delegation to meet Governor H R Bhardwaj, who is also the chancellor of the university, on Thursday to apprise him of the dubious land deals by the varsity.The move by the Calicut University to hand over prime varsity land to IUML-related trusts had created controversy.The opposition leader also criticized the IUML over the land allotment issue. He said that the private trusts headed by people directly related to IUML leadership were trying to snatch away varsity land which was foiled only by the timely intervention of the media and the opposition.\"The IUML is trying to implement its agenda in the university, using the vice-chancellor. Since it does not have any idea about the value and importance of education, it has set its sight on valuable land,\" he said. The real intention was to snatch away 50 acres of varsity land by trusts and associations headed by IUML supremo Panakkad Syed Hyderali Shihab Thangal and the relatives of industries minister P K Kunhalikutty, he added.Achuthanandan said that the university had tried to implement its decision to allot land in an autocratic way without waiting for the approval of chancellor or the state government.V S Achuthanandan took a tour of the university campus and visited the land which the university had considered for allotment to the private agencies.CPM district committee member C H Ashique presided over the meeting. CPM Malappuram district secretary P P Vasudevan also spoke on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13075174", "title": "United States bill proposes to stop aid to Pakistan till it cuts terror links", "text": "WASHINGTON: A Congressional Committee in its budgetary proposals for the year 2013 has prohibited economic and security assistance to Pakistan till it co-operates with the US in the fight against terrorism.\"The legislation prohibits economic and security assistance unless the government of Pakistan is cooperating with the US on counterterrorism efforts and other issues,\" the house appropriations committee said as it released the2013 State and Foreign Operations Appropriations Bill.The bill totals $40.1billion in regular discretionary funding, which is $2billion or 5% below last year's level. The bill running into 208 pages will be considered by a Congressional sub-committee later on Wednesday.Among other things, the bill includes $8.2billion in overseas contingency operations /global war on terror funding, which will adequately provide for continued US involvement in frontline countries and other warrelated efforts.In total, including war funding, the bill is $5billion - or 9% - below fiscal year 2012, the house committee said.US envoy quit over CIA interference?The growing influence of the CIA and Pentagon in shaping relations with Pakistan was a key reason behind American ambassador Cameron Munter's decision to quit his post, the media claimed on Wednesday.Munter was \"frustrated\" that the CIA and Pentagon were not on the same page as the US state department as far as policy on Pakistan is concerned , The News daily quoted its sources as saying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13072830", "title": "42-year-old run over by mining truck at Dabhal", "text": "MARGAO: In yet another pointer to the poignant reality of the \"killer roads\" of the mining belt of Curchorem-Sanvordem-Quepem-Sanguem areas, Shankar Mirashi, a 42-year-old truck driver, lost his life after he was run over by another truck in an accident that occurred at Karmane, Dabhal, on Tuesday.What's significant is the manner in which the accident occurred. Mirashi's truck was proceeding from Rivona to Kuddegal, when it got caught in a traffic jam. Realizing that it would take considerable time for the blockade to get cleared, he had stepped down from his truck and was standing by the roadside chatting with his fellow truck drivers. When the queue of trucks started moving, Mirashi, along with the others ran towards their respective trucks to get behind the wheels. Just then, a mining truck coming from the opposite direction hit Mirashi, causing him severe injuries. He was rushed to the Hospicio Hospital, Margao, but soon succumbed to his injuries.Irate villagers pointed out that the absence of shoulders along the roads in the area, compels road users to walk along the middle of the road, putting their lives to great risk. The several layers of bitumen that are laid each time the roads are hotmixed has led to sunken shoulders, almost to the point of their disappearance. Police sources, when contacted, agreed that improvement of road shoulders is imperative in order to allow the smooth flow of traffic and ensure the safety of pedestrians.With the latest death, the number of people who died in road accidents involving mining trucks in South Goa has gone up to 28 in the last four months. In fact, statistics reveal that nearly two lives are lost every month on the killer roads of this district in accidents involving mining trucks alone.During the 36-month period from January 2008 to December 2010, road accidents involving mining trucks claimed 22 lives. From January 2011 till March 2012, five more lives were lost taking the figure to 27. With Mirashi's death the figure has now risen to 28.These figures of fatalities are apart from the significant number of deaths occurring in accidents involving non-mining vehicles, official data revealed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13072667", "title": "Two cable operators raided", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The cable operators who have been evading entertainment tax by under reporting the real number of customers, are now being taken to task. On Wednesday, a team of the entertainment tax department of the Ahmedabad district collectorate raided two such agencies in Ranip and cancelled the licenses of one of the operators. The drive against such operators will continue in the coming days.The team first visited premises of Devang Cable Vision and found that that the number of customers registered with the tax department was 75 while the real figure was 240. \"We had checked past records of various operators and found that the number of cable connections registered with our department was far less than what a rough survey of cable connections showed in Ranip area. It is then that we chose to raid their premise and check their records,\" says Ahmedabad collector Vijay Nehra.The entertainment tax team then raided the premise of another cable operator and found that he did not have the necessary permission to operate in the area. The officers found that the operator had shown just 38 customers on records while he was actually serving 125.\"We have prepared a list of such errant cable operators in the city and will be checking their records soon,\" says Nehra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13073264", "title": "Yoga to tame anger in drivers", "text": "KOLKATA: The transport department has devised a spiritual way out to tame the choler in both taxi and bus drivers. There are plans to conduct regular yoga and meditation sessions to calm their nerves and curb rash driving. Yoga and meditation classes are on the anvil for bus and taxi drivers. The transport department will start conducting regular yoga and meditation sessions for all state transport corporation bus drivers and taxi drivers in an attempt to curb rash driving and rough behaviour by taxi drivers.Internationally-reputed yoga expert Rajashree Choudhury met transport minister Madan Mitra at Writers' Buildings on Wednesday to discuss the issue. Mitra said that the transport department wants to make yoga and meditation sessions compulsory for bus and cab drivers.\"The excessive heat and humidity is affecting drivers. They tend to indulge in It leads rash driving which results in accidents. The cause for taxi refusals is also similar as drivers lose their composure and end up being rude to display a rough attitude towards passengers. Yoga and meditation is very effective in curbing such behaviour. We have roped in Projapita Bhrahmakumari who will start conducting the meditation sessions for bus drivers in all bus depots from the end of this month. It will help soothe their minds ,\" Mitra said, adding that the plan will be mooted in the cabinet to make it compulsory for bus and taxi drivers.The minister said that a one-day exhibition of yoga will be held towards the end of June in Kolkata in the end of June this year at Netaji Indoor Stadium where reputed yoga and fitness experts like Monohar Aich, Dibyasunder Das and others will be invited. \"It is true that taxi and bus drivers do face hardship daily as they go on driving throughout the day and earn very little out of it. We are planning to organize this programme where about 10,000 people - including drivers, players and other fitness experts will be present. In June, there will be a similar programme that will be held in Times Square ,\" said Mitra.The aim of this programme aims will be to create awareness among bus and taxi drivers on the usefulness of doing yoga and meditation to maintain mental composure in their stressed out daily routine.The transport department is already seeking clients to run buses and introducing yoga and meditation sessions will further help develop a corporate work culture in the state government's public transport system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13073985", "title": "Lucknow University's Executive Council extends affiliation of 21 BEd colleges in Uttar Pradesh", "text": "LUCKNOW: Lucknow University's Executive Council (EC) decided to extend affiliation of 21 BEd colleges for the academic session 2012-13 on Wednesday. The list of colleges include Rajat Girls Degree College, City Academy Degree College, RKG Educational Institute, Mahaveer Prasad Degree College, Central Women College of Education, Eram Girls Degree College, Bora Institute of Technology and Management, Unity Degree College among others.Besides, the Council also extended the affiliation of Basudev Memorial Girls College and Asha Smriti Mahavidylaya for the session 2012-13 on the condition that they will follow the instructions given by the university and reply immediately to any query asked by the university, else their affiliation will be cancelled in the next session.Dr Rajendra Prasad Girls Degree College and Veer Bahadur Singh Mahila Mahavidylaya, that were de-affiliated by National Council for Teachers' Education (NCTE) last year but were again given affiliation by NCTE this year has also been given extension to run the course.However, the Council did not give affiliation to College of Innovative Management and Sciences to run the course.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13073938", "title": "Students ransack shop, attack owner", "text": "KANPUR: Over a dozen students of the Government Polytechnic allegedly thrashed a shopkeeper in Lakhanpur locality late on Tuesday night following old rivalry. The students also ransacked the photocopy shop, owned by Jitendra, and attacked him with hockey sticks. Before anybody, including the commuters and local shopkeepers could intervene, the students fled from the scene.Jitendra has registered a complaint against unidentified students of the Government Polytechnic students with the Kalayanpur police in this regard under various sections. The police is now on the lookout of the unidentified students.Station house officer (SHO), Kalyanpur, said that a case against some unidentified students was been registered on Wednesday on the complaint of Jitendra who runs a photocopy shop.The shopkeepers of the area told police that the polytechnic students often loiter in the area and indulge in eve-teasing and other acts of vandalism, especially during the evening hours. When they are stopped by local shopkeepers, they become aggressive and attack them.Such incidents have happened many times in the past. The police have nabbed guilty students and even registered cases against them but such incidents of brawls and attacks over the locals and the shopkeepers have not stopped. The agitated shopkeepers of the area said that their business is suffering due to such incidents and the lackadaisical attitude of the police towards rowdy students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "13074147", "title": "Cop 'threatened' for stopping ex-MLC's car with tinted glass", "text": "THANE: A traffic constable was allegedly threatened by former Congress MLC Sanjay Dutt after the cop stopped the latter's SUV at Kharegaon to enforce the recent Supreme Court ban on tinted glass. Police officials claimed that Dutt's SUV had more opacity than the sanctioned limits under the Central Motor Vehicles Rules, 1989.\"The Congress leader threatened the traffic constable, Chavan, with transfer and suspension from service for pointing the rule book to him, said an official, requesting anonymity.Dutt, however, denied the episode and claimed the traffic constable who stopped his car was abusive, held his driver by the collar and also threatened to book him. Dutt refused to speak about the visibility standards of his SUV's glasses.Reportedly, Dutt's driver and the constable got into an argument after the former stopped the car. \"The driver told the cop that the car belonged to the former MLC who was sitting in the vehicle and heading to Mumbai. When the cop insisted on seeing Congress leader's identity proof, a furious Dutt stormed out of the vehicle and threatened him,\" the official said.After Dutt left, the constable reported the episode on the wireless system and an alert was sent across the commissionerate area to stop the car. The vehicle, however, had driven out of the Thane police boundaries.\"Dutt is a public figure and belongs to the ruling party. He should have acted responsibly. Instead, he threatened the law-enforcing official for complying with rules. He ought to have paid the Rs 100 fine and removed the black screen from the windows,\" the official added.The Thane traffic police have started a drive against vehicles with darks films or tinted glass.According to the law, visual transmission of light through the car window glass should not be less than 70% for windscreen and rear windows and not less than 50% for side windows., is meeting with stiff resistance from the VIPs.In the case of Dutt, the traffic constable Chavan was merely enforcing the SC order as the SUV had more opacity than the sanctioned limits under the Central Motor Vehicles Rules, 1989.The traffic police department's drive against vehicles fitted with dark tinted glass invited the wrath of former Congress MLC Sanjay Dutt, who is said to have threatened a traffic constable with consequences for stopping his SUV on Wednesday for enforcing the Supreme Court guidelines on visibility standards for vehicles.Dutt, however, denied the episode and claimed that facts have been distorted. He alleged that the traffic constable who stopped his vehicle at Kharegaon was abusive and held his driver by the collar and also threatened to book him. Dutt, however, refused to speak about the visibility standards of his SUV.Police officials, however, claimed that the Congressman was spreading a canard. \"It is the other way round. He threatened the constable with transfer and suspension from service for pointing the rule book to him,\" an official, requesting anonymity.The Thane traffic police have started a drive against vehicles fitted with darks films or tinted glass. The law states that visual transmission of light through the car window glass should not be less than 70% for windscreen and rear windows and not less than 50% for side windows, is meeting with stiff resistance from the VIPs.In the case of Dutt, the traffic constable Chavan was merely enforcing the SC order as the SUV had more opacity than the sanctioned limits under the Central Motor Vehicles Rules, 1989.It is learnt that Dutt's driver was engaged in a heated argument with the traffic constable after he stopped the car. \"The driver informed the constable that the car belonged to the MLC who was sitting in the vehicle and heading to Mumbai. When the constable insisted on seeing the identity proof of the MLC, Dutt got angry and stormed out of the vehicle threatening him and reporting him to the police commissioner for action,\" an official said.After Dutt left the place, the constable reported the episode on the police wireless and an alert was sent across the commissionerate area to stop the car. The vehicle, however, had driven out of the Thane police boundaries.\"Dutt is a public figure and belongs to the ruling party and should have acted responsibly. Instead, he threatened the law-enforcing official for complying with rules. He ought to have paid the Rs 100 fine and removed the black screen from the windows,\" the official said.The Congress functionary, however, said he was a victim of police brutality as he had time and again exposed the corruption in the traffic department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13072254", "title": "Gas leakage in hospital near Rajiv Gandhi Bhavan", "text": "NASHIK: With quite a few incidents of fire breakouts being reported from different parts of the city, the thud of an oxygen cylinder in a hospital on the third floor a building near Rajiv Gandhi Bhavan on Wednesday morning sent a chill down the spine of the people there with the incident immediately being reported to the fire department. Fortunately, the situation was not that grave as the people in the buildings had imagined.According to reports, a cylinder of oxygen in Soham Hopsital situated on the third floor of a building slipped from the hands of an assistant there, due to which the cylinder banged on the floor with a thundering noise. Sources from the fire department said that the 50 bedded hospital has a central system of oxygen supply. The tube of the oxygen supply of the central system ruptured due to which one cylinder fell down with a thudding sound. Hearing the thundering sound, the matter was immediately reported to the fire department and firemen rushed to the incident spot to mend things at the hospital.However, Fire chief Anil Mahajan said that the situation was not as grave as it was imagined. \"Since the supply of oxygen in the ICU is made through a central system, the pipe carrying the oxygen got ruptured. Further, the force of the flow of oxygen blew a cylinder there due to which there was a huge noise. People in the building naturally got afraid of the same and reported the matter to us. Fortunately, the leakage was mended by the hospital people themselves.\"While there were reports of patients and relatives in the building ran for their lives after hearing the noise, sources from the hospital downplayed the incident saying that the incident was blown out of proportion for no reason. Everyone in the hospital was calm even after the cylinder fell down. However, the people on the floor beneath got afraid of the same and informed the Fire Department. While the officers from the fire department reached the hospital, things were almost brought to normal, they informed.However, with rising incidents of fire breakouts in different parts of the city, Nashikites have become far more sensitive and the result of same was seen at the incident of Soham hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13073282", "title": "Will Sakshi show go on? Yes, claims the management", "text": "HYDERABAD: With newsprint to last for another five months and other bank accounts to fall back on, the management of Sakshi TV and newspaper claimed on Wednesday that they would take on the CBI and other forces arrayed against them by continuing to telecast their news channel 24/7 and ensuring that their newspaper reaches the people every morning.\"We have newsprint stocks to publish the newspaper for another four to five months. We have already paid the April salaries to our staff (said to be about Rs 30 crore). The freezing of our bank accounts has had no effect on our daily operations,\" Sajjala Ramakrishna Reddy, editorial chairman of Jagati Publications which brings out Sakshi newspaper, told TOI.He vowed to continue the publication with the support of the people, a day after the CBI froze nearly 10 bank accounts of Jagati Publications, Indira Television (the company than runs Sakshi TV), and Janani Infrastructure, that supports these two companies, on the charge that the firms were established with ill-gotten money. The CBI made the move as part of its probe into the assets of YSR Congress president Jaganmohan Reddy, the owner of these companies.Sakshi TV and Sakshi newspaper, both in Telugu, were launched during the height of the tenure of YS Rajasekhara Reddy as chief minister. Sakshi newspaper was launched on a massive scale on March 23, 2008, with 23 colour editions in all the 23 districts of the state with each having its own printing press. As of date, the newspaper claims a daily circulation of nearly 14.53 lakh.Sakshi TV was launched with much fanfare on March 1, 2009. Operating from a plush office on Road No. 1, Banjara Hills, it claims to be the only TV channel with High Definition technology and is said to be third in the TRP ratings among viewership of Telugu news channels in the state. Sakshi TV channel is said to run a daily operational cost of about Rs 15 lakh and the first major challenge is likely to come up in the form of payment of the May salaries to the TV channel and newspaper employees who are said to number about 20,000. \"However, with about 19 other bank accounts to fall back on, we see no problem in running both the TV channel and the newspaper,\" the sources claimed.Analysts claimed that Sakshi had been facing a cash crunch for the last few months after advertisements from the state government had dwindled but said that the group could try and raise loans from well-wishers.Apart from using the TV channel and the newspaper to counter the CBI and Jagan's political opponents, the YSR think-tank has directed its party workers to unleash an SMS campaign to constitutional heads and other officials protesting over the 'attack on the freedom of the press.'\"The CBI has no right to freeze the Sakshi group's bank accounts. If its allegation is that slush money was parked in the media companies, then it should have focused on the equity of the company and not on the operational funds which was generated through subscriptions and advertisements. This is a direct attack on the freedom of the press,\" said Ramakrishna Reddy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13074640", "title": "EU shifts climate change targets again", "text": "NEW DELHI: The EU has shifted its goalpost for climate change again, unilaterally seeking talks on a new global protocol from this year that puts India and other developing nations at par with developed world.Ironically, the new condition, if implemented, will exempt Europe from divulging its targets for emission reduction in violation of the existing Kyoto Protocol. Significantly, it will make the Kyoto Protocol's second phase - slated to start from next year - redundant. Also, it will compel India bring binding commitments to reduce emissions by as early as 2015.Predictably, the move has found support from EU's tactical allies in climate talks - the Association of Small Island States (AOSIS) - but has been opposed by China, India, Brazil and other larger developing countries.The EU had fought hard with India and other emerging economies at Durban last December to accept a middle path about a new global agreement to be implemented by 2020. In lieu, the EU was required to, along with other developed countries (except for the US), to commit to targets to reduce their emissions under the second phase of Kyoto Protocol.India, however, objected to deciding upon the legal form of the new post-2020 arrangement, even before key issues of equity and 'common but differentiated responsibilities' could be finalized.Now, the EU has demanded that a draft protocol be put on the table that would break the firewall between the responsibilities of rich and developing world to reduce global greenhouse gas emissions.The differences among EU, AOSIS and rest of developing world is expected to turn the upcoming Bonn talks into a bitterly argumentative affair.Indian climate negotiators pointed out that EU's demand would leave the question of existing commitments by rich world on finance and technology transfer as well as emission reduction in limbo, forcing the world at large to dump equity and move to a new regime, where greater and costly responsibilities will have to be borne by bigger developing economies.Earlier, India had stated to UN that it would not accept any new global deal till countries agree to a formula to implement the principle of equity, which forces developed world to own up to the accumulated emissions in the atmosphere and not distribute the residual space among all nations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "13073530", "title": "Raid reveals exploitation at shelter home run by NGO", "text": "ROHTAK: Horrific tales of exploitation of minor girls lodged in a shelter home run by an NGO here have come to light during raid by a team of National Commission for Protection of Child Rights on Wednesday night.The children, mostly girls, revealed that they were badly beaten up, made to work as farm labourers and construction labourers outside and even molested by male persons at the shelter home and outside it.According to reports, many girls have fled from home out of fear of harassment and some have even died.The shelter home - Bharat Vikas Sangh, an NGO being run by Jaswanti - has around 60 girls, mostly minors. The NCPCR team conducted the raid after three girls revealed the goings on in the shelter home after they escaped from here and reached Delhi. These girls were shifted here from a Gurgaon home recently, after similar reports of sexual abuse of the girls came from there.Vinod Kumar Tikoo, Dinesh Lahoria, Ajay Kumar and Ramanathan Nayyar, members of the NCPCR, arrived at the shelter home and called civil and police authorities in Rohtak to help conduct the raids late at night, sources said.Around 12 girls, mostly in early teens, leveled allegations of brutal exploitation and harassment by the shelter home owner Jaswanti.The team members felt outraged when a girl, tears rolling down her eyes, revealed how she was once made to sleep with a man. However other girls denied when asked whether such things happened with them also.\"We have been molested by certain persons at different occasions. If any of us dared to object to the diktats of the owner, such girls used to be paraded naked and beaten up brutally. She also forced us to work as farm or construction labourers and took away the wages. She used to hurl most outrageous abuses even the smallest pretext\", revealed a group of girls in front of team members, local police, civil authorities and mediapersons.Weeping profusely while revealing their saga of exploitation, the girls disclosed that if any girl raised any demand, she was locked in an isolated room for 3-4 days without any food or any other facility.\"She used to force us to earn money by any means for her\", one of the girls lamented.The NCPCR members pulled up local authorities, including the superintendent of police and acting deputy commissioner, besides other child protection department officials, who were summoned at the shelter home during the raid.The team also sought resignation from shelter home owner Jaswanti and charge of the home given to programme officer (PO) of the child and women development department at Rohtak, Poonam Raman, who said that an all-women team of the department would take care of the shelter home.The NCPCR team also directed the PO to send them daily reports.The NCPCR also directed the police to register a case against the shelter home owner and staff and also arrest them immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13072921", "title": "Competition Commission of India pulls up DLF for allotment cancellation", "text": "GURGAON: The Competition Commission of India (CCI) has pulled up real estate major DLF Ltd in a recent order for cancelling the allotment of an apartment of a member of DLF's Park Place RWA, stating that it was in \"direct contravention\" of its stay order of September 2010.The order was passed by the commission to prevent the opposite party from abusing its dominant position to the detriment of allottees during pendency of the proceedings. The CCI also severely admonished the builder for discriminatory behaviour towards members of the owners' association and other allottees/owners.The cancellation letter for one Vipin Mahajan was issued on January 28 last year when the interim order was in force. According to Mahajan, despite the directions being in force to date, the opposite party issued a letter in January last year, cancelling the booking of his apartment and forfeited a sum of Rs 23,06,778 out of the total amount of Rs 44,89,503.While the CCI accepted this restoration of status quo and therefore felt that no further direction needs to be passed as far as restitution of Mahajan's apartment was concerned which had been a great relief for the allottee concerned, the CCI as prescribed by the Competition Act 2002 \"is obliged to impose penalty because of the deliberate non-compliance\". This, the order stated, was a violation of Section 42 of the Act.Also, Section 48 of the Act makes it a liability of every person for penalty, who at the time of contravention was in charge of or was responsible to the company for conducting its business. DLF will now have to disclose the name of the errant persons who were responsible for the misconduct and also give a showcause notice as to why the penalty should not be imposed. The case on the same is up for hearing on May 17.Meanwhile, a spokesperson of DLF Ltd clarified that the company had \"restored the ownership of the apartment which was %cancelled due to non-payment of dues by the %allottee\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "supaul", "code": "13073448", "title": "Much needs to be done on Kosi bund: Nitish Kumar", "text": "SUPAUL: Bihar CM Nitish Kumar , who made a personal inspection of the progress of anti-flood measures across Supaul district ahead of the monsoon during the first leg of his three-day Seva Yatra to Supaul district on Wednesday, did not seem satisfied with the anti-flood measures undertaken so far. While pointing out that there is \"much scope for improvisation\", he directed water resources department (WRD) principal secretary Afzal Amanullah to personally visit the spot and ensure that the work was done in a proper way.The CM, who was accompanied by a host of ministerial colleagues and senior officials, made a bumpy journey along the dusty and pebble-strewn 20-km-long stretch of the eastern embankment from Chitih to Kateya and saw for himself the villages located along the embankment on the Kosi. He also had a first-hand view of the anti-flood measures being taken by the government since the catastrophic floods of August, 2008. Nitish even got out his vehicle at the 10th mile and also at several other spots along the embankment to interact with villagers who had experienced the devastating floods of 2008. WRD minister Vijay Kumar Chowdhury, energy minister Bijendra Prasad Yadav, minister in-charge Shahid Ali Khan and chief secretary Navin Kumar were among those present.The CM later visited Kateya to review the progress of the renovation work of the Kosi Thermal Power Project which is being carried out at an estimated cost of Rs 38.08 crore. The work is likely to be completed in two phases -- June, 2012, and March 31, 2013. While the project was conceived in 1954, the first unit was commissioned in 1971 under Indo-Nepal Treaty. It became dysfunctional following the breach of the Kusaha bund in 2008. tnnTwo other projects under the Bihar State Hydro-electric Power Corporation Limited are at different stages of construction at Nirmali and Rajpur in Supaul district. Eight more such projects are envisaged at Dagmara, Kateya, Daulatpur, Kumbha, Singheshwar, Kariapatti , Jadia and Parsa in Supaul .Earlier, during a stopover at Sadanandpur, Nitish said, \"Sericulture will play a key role in the empowerment and self-dependence of women through self-help groups (SHGs).\" He went around the mullberry plantation at the village and also asked the Central Silk Board, state industries and Jeevika Bihar Livelihood Project to work in tandem so that the silk production areas could be extended from Purnia and Kosi divisions to Khagaria and Samastipur districts. \"I think there are abundant opportunities for silk production in this north-east part of Bihar which can show the way from silk production to garment manufacturing,\" Nitish said.Prior to staring his three-day Seva Yatra on Wednesday Nitish -- who travelled from Patna to Supaul by road on the night of May 8 -- also got a feel of crossing the 2-km-long bridge across the Kosi near Saraigarh which was jointly inaugurated by him and Union surface transport minister P C Joshi on February 8. The CM will meet the people who suffered during the Kosi floods in 2008, and make a thorough review of their rehabilitation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13073116", "title": "Supreme Court order paves way for higher college fees in Andhra Pradesh", "text": "HYDERABAD: Students taking admissions in professional colleges in the state will now have to pay a higher fee. In an interim judgment passed on Wednesday, the Supreme Court issued a directive to the state government asking it to fix college fees based on their yearly expenditure (which includes salaries to teaching and non-teaching staff and maintenance of facilities).Each college will have to submit expenditure details to the Admission and Fee Regulartory Committee (AFRC) in two weeks' time. The SC order allows colleges across the state to have a fee-structure based on facilities provided.Until last year, the fee structure determined by AFRC had pegged the value of professional courses at Rs 50,250.But following the SC order, starting next academic year, colleges which have implemented the revised pay scales for their teaching and non-teaching staff will be able to charge an average fee of Rs 88,000.For MBA and MCA courses, the average fee structure used to be Rs 45,000 but will now have to be increased to Rs 85,000 for some colleges, said officials of college managements.The change in the fee structure will not be applicable to students who are already pursuing degrees in these colleges. The colleges will have to first give an undertaking to SC within a week stating that they will implement the pay-scale as suggested by the All India Council of Technical Education for teaching staff and state pay commission scales for non-teaching staff in order to implement the differential fee structure.The final say on the fee structures for these colleges, however, still lies with AFRC.Interestingly, it has been found that about 17 colleges had submitted full audit records with the AFRC, along with 44 colleges which have supplied partial audit records, much before the SC could pass its interim order. That means that at least some of these colleges will be eligible to introduce the differential fee structure in the 2012-13 academic year.The revised fee structure is expected to be announced by the end of this month. The government, however, is expected to carefully scrutinize audit records of all professional colleges to prevent any unfair increase in fees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "paproudi (samrala)", "code": "13073715", "title": "Daughters demand efforts from India, Pakistan to save Saadat Haasan Manto legacy", "text": "Paproudi (Samrala): Nearly 70 years after the works of Punjab-born Urdu short-story writer Saadat Haasan Manto - whose birth centenary will be celebrated on Friday -- became a cult in literary circles and then the Bollywood for his poignant tales of Partition, his three daughters - all of them settled in Pakistan - demand that the two rival nations should make a consolidated effort to save the legacy of the legendary writer.Talking exclusively to TOI from Pakistan on Wednesday, amid ongoing centenary celebrations of the author in several parts of India and Pakistan, his eldest daughter Nighat Patel said that it was unfortunate that the house where the author had migrated after the Partition was on the verge of a sell-off.\"Both the governments have not shown any interest to preserve my father's works and it's sad. Everything near this house in Lahore , where he first moved to and now where we live, has been commercialized. This house can get sold anytime to any builder,\" said Nighat, 66.Manto had used his own house - 31 Laxmi Mansion, the Mall - as a popular address for several characters in many of his plots.\"Even the letters to Uncle Sam in one of abba's works are addressed to his house,\" she added.Nighat, whose husband comes from Gujarat, said she had lost hope and that the Pakistan government had failed in its efforts to rekindle any interest in her father's achievements in Urdu fiction. She said she was hopeful of help from the Indian government.In concurrence with her sister's demand, Manto's youngest daughter, Nusrat Jalal, felt that both the nations were facing a crisis of good language writers, demanding that a society be set up by the two governments to save Urdu and Punjabi literature and a joint prize be announced after her father's name.\"My request to the two governments is to make an honest endeavour to at least promote a joint literary society to help young writers research on languages like Urdu and Punjabi and save the literature of these languages from deteriorating. Walid saab would have been the happiest to see such promising authors as he was always a secular man,\" said Nusrat Jalal.The daughters pointed that the last official visit from India was when the then Congress minister Mani Shankar Aiyar visited their home to do research on Manto.The 62-year-old Nusrat, who also said that her father was ahead of many authors and screenplay writers and dealt with subjects like sex, prostitution, with poise.Manto's daughters to visit birthplaceAll three daughters of Manto - Nighat Patel, Nusrat Jalal and Nuzhat Arshad - will be here in Paproudi, where Manto was born, on Friday to be a part of their father's birth centenary celebrations. Buoyant about their visit to India - after 15 years - the sisters told TOI that they were happy that some independent literary groups were organising functions. They have been invited by the Lekhak Manch, Samrala, close to Ludhiana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13072548", "title": "High court stays development work at Adani Port Special Economic Zone", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court on Wednesday ruled that no construction of industrial units or infrastructural facility at the Adani Port &amp; Special Economic Zone (APSEZ) in Kutch is permissible in absence of proper environment clearance.With this order, all development activities, including construction of roads, will come to a halt. In response to a PIL filed by farmers, a division bench of acting Chief Justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya and Justice J B Pardiwala held that the construction put up in the APSEZ is illegal in absence of environment clearance granted to it by the central government.The HC has also observed that the APSEZ was not even competent to lease out plots to industrial units without proper prior approvals for infrastructural development.The HC directions have come particularly against under construction joint venture between a French firm Alstom Bharat Forge Power Ltd and Kalyani Alstom Power Ltd near Navinal village. The court stopped construction of the unit for manufacturing of power plant equipments on basis of a PIL filed by Navinal farmers questioning the legality of construction.Petitioners' counsel Anand Yagnik had contended that the APSEZ does not have clearance certificate as per the Environment Impact Assessment Notification of 2006. When the owner/lessor does not have clearance, the industrial unit which is a tenant/lessee can not be permitted to put up construction near Navinal village, where the guachar land has been given for industrial purpose. Another PIL questioning the hand over the grazing land is still pending.During the proceeding, the management of industrial unit said that it does not require environment clearance. However, the bench did not accept the arguments put forth by the company or APSEZ. \"In absence of environment clearance, they could not have proceeded ahead,\" the bench observed adding that if development is going on at APSEZ without making infrastructure available, \"it will lead to a very disastrous situation\".Raising question on the fate of the SEZ, the bench observed that if it does not get environmental clearance, who will provide gardens, playgrounds, houses, hospitals, schools, colleges, market places, hostels, hotels, theaters, libraries in 18,000 hactare land acquired that includes 14 villages. The bench said that industrial units cannot fulfill these requirements, which are must as per agreements.The bench also took into consideration the objections raised by local farmers against proposed industrial units during a public hearing. \"Grant of environmental clearance is not just an empty formality but the authority has to threadbare consider each and every aspect relating to the environment...We have also noticed that the objections are of a very serious nature and cannot be brushed aside lightly,\" the court noticed.The companies later sought a stay on execution of this order in order to move the Supreme Court, but the bench declined.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "panipat", "code": "13073553", "title": "Former Panipat civil surgeon under scanner", "text": "PANIPAT: Issuance of appointment letters to subordinate staff by the recently-transferred civil surgeon after he got his transfer orders has snowballed into a major controversy. Director of national health rural mission confiscated all records related to these appointments.The health department, on December 5 last year, advertised the posts of various subordinate staff including Auxiliary Nurse Midwife (ANM) drivers and computer operators. The selection process carried out by a special committee concluded in January and the results were declared by May 3 but no appointment letters were issued to the candidates.However, on May 4, after civil surgeon Dr H S Randhawa was asked to report at the health department head office after handing over the officiating charge to deputy civil surgeon Dr Anita Tandon, he reportedly issued the appointment letters to those selected by the panel.Smelling a rat in the issuance of appointment letters, some doctors of the civil hospital reported the matter to higher authorities who ordered an inquiry. The appointments were held back.It was on Tuesday that a team of officials under director NRHM Dr Pardeep Kumar reached the Panipat civil hospital and confiscated all the appointment-related records.Officiating civil surgeon Dr Anita Tandon said that by issuing the appointment letters, Dr Randhawa had violated norms and seniors had been informed.Dr H S Randhawa, however, denied the allegation saying that the selections had been made by the committee and he did not violate any norms as the candidates were already selected by the committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13074429", "title": "Deputy commander behind Pustola blast held", "text": "NAGPUR: A deputy commander of Potegaon Dalam was nabbed by security forces in Gadchiroli on Wednesday during an operation. Subhas Walko, who served in the Naxal movement for three years, was involved in the Pustola blast that claimed the lives of 13 troopers of paramilitary force in March earlier this year.Walko had also served the Naxals in Kanker in Chhattisgarh where he was part of the action team that had eliminated a cop. Apart from the Pustola blast, it has come to fore that Walko was also part of the Naxal team that had eliminated 15 cops at Markegaon and another 16 at Hatti Gota in 2009.During his interrogation, Walko confessed to mutilating the bodies of police personnel at Hatti Gota after their massacre. Walko has also passed on several other crucial information about the Naxal cadres and their activities.A reliable source said that Walko had good knowledge about the functioning of self-loading rifles and pistols.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13075382", "title": "Railway over bridges work on slow track", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Traffic snarls at busy level crossings in Bhubaneswar is likely to plague commuters for at least five more years, if the progress of work on the four proposed road over bridges (ROB) in the city is any indication.Even though the East Coast Railway (ECoR) announced the projects in 2009, none of the ROB work has so far seen light of the day. The bridges were proposed to come up Mancheswar, VSS Nagar, Saheed Nagar and Pokhariput, each at a cost of nearly Rs 45 crore, sources said.The state government will bear a matching expenditure of 50 per cent for the construction of the ROBs. While the Railways would engage its own expertise to build portion of the bridge falling under its jurisdiction (over the tracks), the state works department would entrust separate contractors to build the approach portion on the land that does not fall under ECoR ambit.Sources said the ECoR had awarded contracts for ROBs in Mancheswar, Pokhariput and Saheed Nagar in November 2011. However, the it is yet to float tender for the VSS Nagar ROB following stiff opposition by some locals during land acquisition.ECoR blamed the state government for making inordinate delay in acquiring land for the bridges. \"We want to complete the projects as soon as possible as the movement of vehicles at the level crossings has increased a lot in last few years. But the state government is yet to finish up the land acquisition for the portion the former will build,\" a senior ECoR officer said.\"It is a time consuming process. We are taking steps to expedite the land acquisition process,\" chief engineer of design, planning, investigation (DPI) and roads, Bijan Behera told TOI.Residents alleged that the ECoR should have awarded contract only after acquiring the requisite land for the project. \"We suspected that the contracts were awarded in a hurry with an ulterior motive,\" said Trideb Mohanty, a resident of Pokhariput.Even though railway officials said no major accidents have occurred at the four busy level-crossings, motorists urged the ECoR and state government to expedite the joint work at the earliest.\"The gate at Saheed Nagar level crossing near Maharshi College remains closed most of the time. It is very difficult to negotiate the bumper-to-bumper traffic when the gate opens. ROB should come up immediately,\" Pradipta Kumar Hota, a Bhubaneswar resident, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh/narnaul", "code": "13073418", "title": "Panel seeks report on earmarking separate wing for SC/ST in Narnaul ITI", "text": "CHANDIGARH/NARNAUL: Acting on a series of TOI reports about an industrial training institute (ITI) in Narnaul in Mahendergarh district of Haryana housing SC/ST and general category students in separate buildings, the National Commission for Schedule Castes on Wednesday sought a factual report from the state industrial training department.Commission director M R Bali told TOI that a team of the commission would visit the institute on Thursday to conduct an on-the-spot investigation. Haryana government has already ordered a separate probe into the matter.Inquiry officer Narender Kumar, deputy director of the state industrial training department, will also visit the institute on Thursday. TOI had highlighted that the institute ran classes for SC/ST students in the \"SC/ST wing,\" and the general category students were given training in another building.The institute had removed the name of the building (SC/ST wing) from the front wall following the TOI report.Principal of the institute, Harminder Singh, said that he had got the building's name removed following instructions from higher authorities. Asked whether classes for SC/ST and general students would be held together, he said, \"I have acted as per directions from higher authorities. No such instructions have been given to me so far. The classes would continue to be held in similar manner.\"Manoj Vishwakarma, a local RTI activist, who had raised the issue, said he was not satisfied with the action taken by the government. \"Mere erasing the name of a building will not end discrimination. The institute will have to stop holding classes separately,\" said Vishwakarma.State education minister Geeta Bhukkal had also told TOI on Monday that she had ordered the institute to stop holding separate classes. Bhukkal has also ordered R C Verma, director of industrial training department, to hold an inquiry into the matter.Speaking to TOI, Verma said, \"Funds can be released to construct a building under a specific quota like under SC/ST schemes. But, we cannot set apart particular buildings for general category or reserved category. And also we can't hold different classes for different categories. The buildings and machines are for all the students undergoing training in the institute.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13066872", "title": "Asin\u2019s new commitment!", "text": "Asin is busy learning a new dance form off late.The actress who is not known for her dancing really is learning waltz.Asin has learnt the 'Viennese Waltz', for a soap brand she endorses.We heard Asin has reportedly mastered the steps of the intricate dance in a remarkably short while!The actress was shooting in Wai for 'Bol Bachchan' and shot for the ad once she wrapped up her shoot. The ad was directed by Harvey Brown who specially travelled to Wai for Asin's rehearsals. Asin would learn Waltz during the nights.Her sheer hard work has surely paid off as those who have seen the Ad are all gung ho about the actress's dancing skills!The actress plans to further her Waltz training from now on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "nizamabad", "code": "13072801", "title": "Maharashtra sand mafia thumbs nose at ban", "text": "NIZAMABAD: Though the Supreme Court has upheld the AP high court ban on sand quarrying in the state, politically well connected contractors from Maharashtra continue to excavate sand illegally from the areas bordering with Nizamabad district. With construction activity coming to a grinding halt due to the court order, the Maharashtra sand mafia has intensified illegal sand extraction to rake in the moolah, sources said.The mafia from the neighbouring state is leaving no stone unturned to quarry sand illegally and keep up supplies to the construction companies which are ready to pay huge amounts for sand. Sources said that nearly 1,000 lorry loads are being transported illegally to Hyderabad from the AP border every day. In fact, illegal sand mining in AP limits came to light last week during a joint survey conducted by officials of both Nizamabad and Nanded districts.A district-level officer on the condition of anonymity told TOI that their efforts to register criminal cases against the Maharashtra sand contractors had failed with Nanded officials refusing to divulge the names of the lease holders of sand reaches in the neighbouring district.On Tuesday, Nizamabad district collector D Varaprasad wrote another letter to the Nanded district officials asking them to reveal the names of the sand contractors. Sources said no survey has been done so far on the seven sand reaches of Esgi, Chhawla, Ganjigaon, Bolegaon, Hungunda, Shakapur and Karegaon close to Nizamabad district border.Joint collector K Harshavardhan said the Nanded officials had promised to conduct a joint survey of each disputed quarry but nothing has been done so far. Asked about the transportation of sand on fake waybills being issued by Maharashtra government, he said a special team along with revenue, transport and mining department officials would check the fake waybills. There is an immense demand for Manjeera river sand ever since sand quarrying was banned on April 1. The high court directed the state government to stop sand quarrying in the state in the wake of depleting ground water levels in the areas where the sand excavation was rampant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13074624", "title": "Used tyres found stored in Nagpur Municipal Corporation school at Bhankheda", "text": "NAGPUR: In yet another surprise visit, chairman of standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari found tyres stored in an abandoned Nagpur Municipal Corporation school building. The municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal has now directed NMC officials to survey every one of them in the city and submit a report within five days.Tiwari said 67 old truck tyres were stored in the building situated in Bhankheda in Gandhibagh Zone. \"There were five tyres kept at the entrance. Four more were placed outside a room. When it was opened, we found 58 more tyres. We were shocked to see the school building being utilized by some businessmen for storing the tyres,\" he said.The standing committee chairman then referred the matter to Jaiswal. \"This is the second such building which we have found is being misused. Around 14 school buildings are lying idle since the last 2-5 years. If the officials will not submit the report in five days, all buildings will be checked. In case of any misuse, action will be taken against officials. Directives have been issued to deploy security guards at the school buildings,\" said Tiwari.Continuing his drive to identify open spaces for development of markets, Tiwari also visited a school in Hansapuri. \"Parking along with a badminton hall is proposed to be set up in the premises here. There are no playgrounds in Central Nagpur. More such spaces will be identified for developing market, parking and sports complex,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13073752", "title": "Rs 5.5L cash looted from trader in Berasia area", "text": "BHOPAL: Three unidentified men looted Rs 5.5 lakh cash from a trader after throwing chilli powder and stabbing him near the Berasia police station on Wednesday morning. A passerby, who mustered courage to help the trader, was also stabbed.After committing robbery in presence of a large number of people, the two armed men with their faces covered, walked away with the looted cash. Later, the two and another accomplice, who was waiting at some distance fled the scene on a motorbike.The victim, Giriraj, 25, a grain merchant, is a resident of Berasia. The incident took place when he was returning after withdrawing Rs 5.5 lakh cash from a branch of the Bank of India .As the victim moved on his bike to some distance from bank with cash, an accomplice threw chilli powder in his eyes and attempted to snatch the bag containing cash. When the victim resisted, the accused inflicted two stab wounds-- one on chest and the other on hand. Hundreds of passers-by stopped around on seeing the incident, the police said.Only one of them, Ashu Sharma, attempted to save the trader. However, he, too, was stabbed on his head by the man with a piece of cloth wrapped around his face.Later, the police registered a case under the Section 394 of the IPC (voluntary causing hurt in committing robbery) in the incident. Investigations are on.Two more incidents of loot took place in the city on Wednesday. In the first incident, a milk trader was robbed of around Rs 8,000 cash at Azad Market and a mobile phone was looted from a man in the Hanumanganj area. However, passers-by caught the accused in the second incident and handed him over to the police.The complainant, Jeetmal Nagar, is a resident of Green Park near DIG Bungalow. Police said he is a milk trader and had gone to deposit the cash at a bank in Azad Market when the two masked accused snatched the bag from him carrying a cash of around Rs 8,000.The second incident took place near Bhopal talkies. The police said Mahesh 28, who hails from Shajapur, was looted of his mobile phone in the afternoon. But the onlookers nabbed the accused-- Sohail and Rakesh and later handed them to the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "karwar", "code": "13074611", "title": "Dandeli forest officer attacked by tourists dies", "text": "KARWAR: Assistant conservator of forests (ACF) Madan H Nayak, who was attacked by a group of tourists on Monday evening, succumbed to his injuries at the SDM Medical College Hospital in Dharwad early on Wednesday.Nayak, 55, had objected when he saw the tourists feeding crocodiles in the Kali river in Dandeli, 180km from Karwar. The forester had suffered serious head injuries in the attack by a group of 16 people, most of them from Bagalkot. They were taken to the riverside by a local person, who allegedly takes visitors there illegally, promising to show them crocodiles. Police arrested 16 tourists, but are said to have released 10 of them under pressure from a police sub-inspector from Bagalkot, who is related to them.Nayak had gone with his wife, son and daughter to the Dandelappa temple, and on the way back, saw the group by the Kali river, throwing meat to attract crocodiles. The Wildlife Act bans tourists from feeding animals. He advised the group not to throw meat into the river as the crocodiles would crave for more blood. But the tourists, allegedly inebriated, did not listen to the ACF and a heated argument followed.Sensing trouble, Nayak, who was with his family members, decided to return with his staff. Even as they started back, his son Shishir, 16, took out his camera and tried to take photos of the group, and that spelt trouble. The group attacked Shishir and Nayak, hitting him on his head with a stone.Nayak, who had undergone a heart bypass surgery two years ago, collapsed on the spot. He was given first aid in Dandeli and shifted to SDM Medical College in Dharwad, 120km from there, where he died at 3am on Wednesday.The group of tourists rushed to Dandeli Rural police station and filed a complaint of atrocity against the ACF. Nayak could not file a counter-complaint immediately, as he was in hospital. Police allegedly refused to take his complaint initially, but relented after higher-ups were alerted.The complaint said Nayak's wife Sumati, daughter Meghana and Shishir were also attacked by the tourists. The tourists had come to the park, accompanied by Dandeli municipal council employee Aravind Chavan and his wife Shailaja Chavan, a teacher in a government primary school in Dandeli.The incident sent shockwaves among the local people as some of the accused allegedly involved in the ACF's killing are government servants. There was a protest in Dandeli town and Nayak's family members charged Dandeli police with dereliction of duty by not nabbing all the 16 accused.Uttara Kannada SP Balakrishna rushed to the spot and pacified the irate crowd, and enabled Nayak's body to be shifted to his native town, Belekeri, near Ankola, for the final rites.Nayak's murder is the second such case in the district. In 1988, RFO Aravind Hegde was killed by some wood smugglers in Hegdekatte village in Sirsi taluk.Animals not to be disturbedTourists should not be allowed to feed animals, or even get down from their vehicles or crowd in one place for long. They should take pictures from a safe distance, see the animal and move out of the place. They have no business disturbing wildlife in their territory. Authorities manning such wildlife parks, too, must strictly enforce these rules.The guide, too, has an important role to play, and must ensure that tourists do not tease animals and feed them. Killing an officer on duty is shocking.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13073743", "title": "Drinking water tanker misuse to invite action", "text": "BHOPAL: Tankers used for supplying drinking water should not be used for construction work. Strict action will be taken against the municipal officers found diverting tankers for construction, said a BMC spokesman on Wednesday.The issue was raised after corporators of zone No. 8 complained that water tankers were being used in construction work rather than for supplying water for drinking purpose.The mayor said, \"Much of the area which is dependent on tube-well has dried up in the summer. Tankers will supply water to needy areas.\"Gaur reviewed the wards coming under zones 2, 3, 7 and 8 on Wednesday. The review is being done to strengthen drinking water supply in various wards in view of the summer season, the spokesman added.Gaur discussed the water supply arrangements in different wards with respective corporators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "ganjem (usgao)", "code": "13073014", "title": "Dumping rejects to affect Opa plant?", "text": "Ganjem (Usgao): Dumping of large quantities of rejects on Mhadei river bank from basalt quarries in Usgao has raised fears of reducing the storage capacity of the bandhara supplying water to Opa treatment plant.A plot of about 4,000 square metres has been used to dump truckloads of topsoil from a couple of quarries nearby. While the sloping eastern banks of the river with thick vegetation have been reclaimed, sources said run-offs during the monsoon will wash off directly into the river.The dump is above the Ganjem bandhara, which supplies 30 million litres daily (MLD) to Opa under the water resources department (WRD) project of interlinking rivers. \"The water is pumped from the Mhadei river and piped to Opa,\" a WRD official said.Mhadei has been interlinked with Opa and Zuari, and the Chapora river has been interlinked with Mhadei to augment water supply in the state. The Mhadei-Opa project completed at a cost of about 12 crore supplies raw water to Opa and ensures adequate drinking water to Ponda and Tiswadi talukas, a source said.Three quarries are being worked barely 100 metres from the Mhadei river, along the Usgao-Valpoi road. One of the quarries is located in Usgao in Ponda taluka and the dump and two more quarries come under the jurisdiction of Guleli in Satari taluka. A part of the plot has also been used to stack heaps of gravel near the river, which is in heavy demand for the construction of roads.\"The dump is in Guleli village, but we have not permitted the quarry owners to use the area,\" sarpanch of Guleli, Felipe Mascarenhas, said.The sarpanch said the authorities should initiate action against the quarry owners. The area apparently lies beyond the CRZ, as the tidal effect is felt up to about downstream areas near Usgao or a little beyond Savoi Verem, Goa coastal zone management (GCZMA) sources said. \"If the salinity content is less than 5 parts per thousand of salinity, then it is beyond CRZ,\" the GCZMA source said.The water is largely unaffected by pollution in this stretch of River Mhadei. But run-offs from the iron ore leases with terraced hills enter the river during monsoon. \"The slurry from the dump will also wash off in the river and silt the river and affect water quality,\" a villager said.The water treatment plant at Opa is often affected by the high content of slurry in the water. A WRD official when contacted assured that they would look into the matter, but declined to comment further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13073303", "title": "Chain-snatchers arrested", "text": "LUDHIANA: Two miscreants involved in over 50 snatching incidents in Ludhiana and other districts of state over the last two years were arrested by Division no 8 police on Tuesday night. Additional deputy commissioner of police (zone 3) Kulwinder Singh Tihara said the accused Heera Singh alias Hardeep and Mandeep Singh alias Raju were arrested near Government Khalsa College for Women. The police recovered a 12 bore pistol along with a live cartridge, a knife, a motorcycle and gold chains and earrings from the accused. Tihara said the accused were declared proclaimed offenders in some cases registered in Amritsar. The snatcher duo confessed they were involved in Rs 35 lakh loot that happened in in Ludhiana in June, 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13074848", "title": "A month on, footpaths still obstacle courses", "text": "PUNE: Footpaths across the city are unfit for pedestrians even after the one-month deadline set by the urban development department (UDD) for the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) to free them of impediments.The PMC had identified 2,078 obstacles on 26 km of footpaths that were damaged or encroached upon, municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak said on Wednesday. The drive resulted in the removal of 649 encroachments across the city.\"The civic body cleared construction material, evicted illegal hawkers and pulled down hoardings on nearly 12 km. Some encroachments came back,\" Pathak said.However, areas across the city told a different story with local residents saying that much needs to be done to improve the condition of footpaths. People said that footpaths near chowks always remain encroached upon and were just not fit for walking.The city has 591 km of footpaths and most are out-of-bounds for pedestrians as they are blocked by encroachments.Roadside vendors, tea and food stalls, and sugarcane juice vendors have eaten up walking space on pavements on Satara road, Bibvewadi, Kondhwa, Dhankawadi, Katraj, Sinhagad road and Karve road.Elsewhere, footpaths are used to park vehicles, while debris, construction material, cement pipes and garbage obstruct other pavements. Some roads do not have footpaths at all.Shivaji road and Swargate residents told TOI that footpaths were clear for two-three days after the administration's anti-encroachment drive, but impediments were soon back.Additional chief secretary (UDD) T C Benjamin is likely to call a meeting of civic officials on Saturday to decide the next course of action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13075572", "title": "Recent exam malpractice related incidents leave citizens shocked in Thiruvananthapuram", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Two untoward incidents related to malpractice during examination within a span of one week have come as a shock to the city folk. Last week, a student of the University College reportedly assaulted a member of the examination squad after he was caught copying.On Monday, Prashanth Sajeendran, a final year engineering student of the Sree Chithra Thirunal College of Engineering, Pappanamcode committed suicide after the exam squad recovered chits from him just fifteen minutes before the end of the exam. Friends and teachers of Prashanth are yet to come to terms with the news.\"He was a good student, very attentive and always keen to improve. He must have felt so humiliated after been caught by the squad,\" one of his teachers said. It was his last examination of the semester.\"He had already got a placement with a famous company in Bangalore. All he had to do was to attend the practicals and wait for the results. But since he was caught by the squad, he would have been debarred. This thought must have forced him to end his life,\" a close friend of Prashanth said.The incidents have evoked intense reactions from the teachers.\"Malpractice during exams is not a new thing. We do need a squad to check them. But very often the squads act with a vengeful attitude towards students. If they find somebody throwing a chit to the neighbouring student, both will be caught and debarred. This doesn't make any sense when they have got so many ways to verify whether a student has copied or not before initiating an action,\" said the head of a city-based college.There have been instances when these examination squads would nab innocent students and they will have to plead with them to avoid being debarred, he added.The teachers also attribute it to the shoddy manner in which exams are conducted.\"Students are often crammed into a single room during exams. This encourages malpractice. If the university could conduct exams in a fool-proof manner, not many would even think about copying. Proper conduct of exams could do away with the need for examination squads and this would make sure that a student does not pay for malpractice with his life,\" a senior lecturer opined.Meanwhile, the controller of examinations has slammed the college teachers for the unfortunate incidents.\"If the student copies during exams, it shows the inability of an invigilator. No student would dare to indulge in any malpractice in the presence of a strict teacher. Unfortunately college teachers are often unwilling to do invigilation. The colleges should also make good arrangements for conducting exams. The teachers should show more sense of responsibility,\" said K Madhukumar, controller of examinations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13072590", "title": "Gujarat apex teachers' body shows Shastri the door", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Former Gujarat University vice-chancellor K S Shastri was unanimously voted out from the post of president of Gujarat State Federation of University and College Teachers' Association, an umbrella body of all college teachers of the state.Shastri, 76, controlled this body for the past 25 years.The development marks the end of an era. The septuagenarian academician has lost considerable ground in the university politics over the last few years. A meeting held on Sunday elected Dr M M Rawal, a lecturer in Junagadh as the president of the association.With this, the only educational body Shastri continues to control is Gujarat University College Teachers' Association. \"His two-year term had ended. He had not called a meeting for the past six months,\" said Rawal, who emphasized the need for the office-bearers to retire at 62.Shastri, who controlled affairs in Gujarat University, first as its vice-chancellor and then as pro-VC, refused to comment on the development. Old-timers say Shastri held sway over the entire education scene and had spearheaded the movement to protest the state government's controversial Common Universities Act.Always known for standing up for the rights of college teachers, Shastri's fortunes started to recede after he began a self-financed college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13073144", "title": "Garbage collection: Residents moot redressal system", "text": "CHANDIGARH: As the door-to-door collection of garbage begun in the city last month, loopholes in the scheme have started to emerge and residents are coming up with some suggestions to make the scheme more people-oriented and hurdle free.In a detailed letter to the municipal commissioner, one of the residents of the city and former municipal councillor Ranjana Shahi suggested that now when the MC is revisiting this system then it must be \"people-oriented\" when garbage is not collected regularly people do not know how dispose it of.\"It has to be kept in mind that there could be old people living alone or working couples who cannot sit at home waiting for the garbage to be collected. Residents should not feel captive of these schemes, the operators should be regulated and there should be a check and complaint redressal system especially if the garbage is not collected regularly from the houses (which is a common problem). Besides a specific time of collection be notified so that residents do not have to wait. Name of operator and complaint no should be displayed on every trolley,\" Shahi said. Earlier, residents themselves used to throw garbage in the bins placed near every locality it was opined that this system be replaced with door-to-door collection and sectors be made bin-free and since then this system has been functional.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13074618", "title": "Naxalites expanding into southern states: Government", "text": "NEW DELHI: After making their presence felt in Assam, the Maoists are spreading their network in the southern states of Karnataka, Kerala and Tamil Nadu as well by gradually expanding their activities beyond their traditional strongholds.\"The CPI (Maoist) is making forays into Karnataka, Kerala and Tamil Nadu under the supervision of its South West Regional Bureau and is planning to link the Western Ghats to the Eastern Ghats through these states,\" minister of state for home affairs Jitendra Singh said in Rajya Sabha.In response to a question, Singh in his written reply said, \"Their (Maoists) plan includes creating a base on the border of Kerala and Karnataka.\"Government agencies have recently found that CPI (Maoist) cadres are engaged in efforts to establish a forest route from Wayanad district in Kerala to Mysore district of Karnataka.Singh said the central government had sensitized the governments of Kerala, Karnataka and Tamil Nadu in this regard and had advised them to take \"necessary preventive and pre-emptive measures to foil the efforts of the CPI (Maoist)\" -- which is the most powerful Naxal group in the country.CPI (Maoist) and other Naxal outfits are active in seven states -- Chhattisgarh, Bihar, Jharkhand, Odisha, West Bengal, Maharashtra and Andhra Pradesh -- and have a marginal presence in Uttar Pradesh and Madhya Pradesh.It is believed that the Red outfits have started moving into new states after security agencies stepped up operations against them in their traditional strongholds in the past one year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13075313", "title": "Infections cause 1 in 6 cancers worldwide", "text": "NEW DELHI: One in five cancers in India are being caused by infections with viruses, bacteria and parasites. Of the 9.5 lakh new cases of cancer in India in 2008, 2 lakh cases were caused by infections.In comparison, worldwide , 1 in 6 cancers are being caused by infections. Around 49% cases of Hodgkins Lymphoma , 77% of liver cancers, 88% of anus cancers, 74% of Non Hodgkins lymphoma, 70% of cancer cases in the vagina and half of all penis cancers were due to infections.A Lancet study says of the 27 cancers in 184 countries, around 16% were infectionrelated , with the fraction of cancers related to infection about three times higher in developing than in developed countries (22.9% vs 7.4%).Many infection-related cancers are preventable, particularly those associated with human papillomaviruses (HPV), Helicobacter pylori and hepatitis B (HBV) and C viruses (HCV). These four main infections are together estimated to be responsible for 1.9 million cases, most of which are gastric, liver and cervical cancers.Cervical cancer accounted for around half of the infection-related burden of cancer in women and in men liver and gastric cancers accounted for more than 80%. \"Infections with viruses, bacteria, and parasites are one of the biggest and preventable causes of cancer worldwide. Application of existing publichealth methods for infection prevention, such as vaccination , safer injection practice or antimicrobial treatments could have a substantial effect on future burden of cancer worldwide,\" said Catherine de Martel and Martyn Plummer from the International Agency for Research on Cancer, France, lead authors of the study.Interestingly, common view is that cancer is a noncommunicable disease (NCD). The study authors added, \"The 2011 UN high-level meeting on NCD highlighted the growing global agenda for prevention and control of NCDs. But although cancer is considered a major NCD, a sizable proportion of its causation is infectious and simple non-communicable disease paradigms will not be sufficient.\" Goodarz Danaei from Harvard School of Public Medicine added, \"Their estimates show the potential for preventive and therapeutic programmes in less developed countries to significantly reduce the global burden of cancer and disparities across regions and countries.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13073470", "title": "Special Operation Group busts gambling den, 14 held", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Special Operation Group (SOG) on Tuesday night busted a gambling den and arrested 14 persons in Civil Lines. The police recovered Rs 3.26 lakh, gold jewellery worth lakhs of rupees, 12 mobile phones and three motorcycles from them.The arrested persons were identified as Anand Kishore Gupta alias Krishna Mahajan of Georgetown, Gaurav Kesharwani of Purana Katra, Kalloo of Civil Lines, Dhiru Pandey of Chitrakoot, Ram Narayan of Hamirpur, Sanjay Kumar of Kaushambi, Jitendra Kumar of Colonelganj, Subhash Gupta of Mutthiganj, Mahesh Kumar of South Malaka, Vishal Gupta of Batasa Mandi, Piyush Mishra of Georgetown, Rajoo Tripathi of Georgetown, Jitendra Kumar of Daraganj and Abhishek Jaiswal of Kydganj.SSP Naveen Arora said gambling den operated at the house of Kalloo in Civil Lines and Krishna Mahajan was operating the den.Police said gamblers from neighbouring districts too used to visit the gambling den. A case has been lodged in this connection.The district police chief has announced a cash prize for the SOG team for busting the gamblers den.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13073609", "title": "Wheat storage issue: Harsimrat blames Centre, Bajwa faults Pungrain", "text": "CHANDIGARH: MPs from Punjab, belonging to Congress and Akali Dal, were at loggerheads with each other in the Lok Sabha on Wednesday over the issue of storage of grains. While Akali Dal MP Harsimrat Kaur Badal lambasted the Centre for not doing enough, Congress MP Partap Singh Bajwa blamed the \"callous attitude\" of the state agency, Pungrain, in delaying projects approved by the Centre.Speaking in the Lok Sabha, Harsimrat Badal said that this year, Punjab farmers have produced a record crop of 120 lakh tones, but there was no arrangement by the Union government to store this crop. It was a matter of regret that the whole country was facing grain storage crisis, but no parliamentary committee has taken notice of this, she said. Parliamentarians should come to Punjab and see how grain was rotting in open godowns, she said, adding that, in some godowns, grains have rotten so much that it could not be used even as animal feed.However, Congress MP from Gurdaspur, P S Bajwa, blamed Pungrain's miserable failure for the wastage of grains. \"Under PEG-2008 scheme, Pungrain, which was nominated by Punjab government as the nodal agency, floated tenders for creation of a total storage capacity of 51.25 lakh tonnes. Private entrepreneurs were offered Rs 5 per quintal per month for bare space,\" he said.\"I am given to understand that private entrepreneurs have already constructed godowns with a storage capacity of 12.5 lakh tonnes and Punjab need not spend even a single penny from its kitty. However, despite setting up the godowns as per the specifications approved by FCI, private entrepreneurs were waiting impatiently as to when the callous Pungrain authorities would hand over these godowns to FCI for storing foodgrains that are lying in the open,\" said Bajwa.Blaming the state agencies for being \"unmindful of the growing damage and mounting losses,\" Bajwa said they are selling damaged paddy at Rs 620 -- while they had spent Rs 950 per quintal at the time of procurement -- to distilleries to be processed for branded alcohol. As a result, most distilleries have now shifted to grain-based alcohol from the conventional malt processing.\"Since a substantial quantity of food grains lying or stored in the open are getting rotten, as these were exposed to the vagaries of weather, I would request the agriculture minister to take up this matter with the Punjab government and impress upon them the need to hand over the godowns constructed under PEG-2008 scheme to FCI immediately for proper storage of foodgrains,\" demanded Bajwa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13073006", "title": "Comrade verses renegade spat hits CPM", "text": "KOZHIKODE: RMP leader T P Chandrasekharan's martyrdom has triggered a new wave of factionalism in the CPM, underlining the political prophecy that party would have more reasons to fear a 'dead TP' than the living comrade.Wednesday saw VS Achuthanandan-Pinarayi spat plummeting to new lows with both leaders openly criticising the other in a debate whether comrade TP was a renegade or not. Though the official faction urged the central leadership to intervene in the issue, senior leaders, including Karat and Yechury, refused to comment on the issue. Achuthanandan, sources said, is seeing this as an opportunity to reclaim his lost glory.\"Chandrasekharan's death has given VS, after being denied a re-entry into the politburo, the right weapon to fight Pinarayi. The stand has also sparked a regrouping of old friends,\" said a senior CPM leader. On Wednesday, VS made it clear that it was only the individual opinion of Pinarayi Vijayan that Chandrasekharan was a traitor and renegade.\"The party doesn't have such an opinion. Those who keep a distance from the party will return to the fold when there is a healthy change in the party's stance. This is what is happening in Kerala and elsewhere in the country,\" he said. Approving the line of dissidents, VS also maintained that those who are not ready to return to the CPM fold were free to form their own small parties like M V Raghavan and K R Gowri Amma.Within hours, Pinarayi slapped a blunt reply on VS reiterating that Chandrasekharan was indeed a renegade \"who tried to destroy the CPM by joining hands with party enemies\".\"If enemies of the party, who are hell-bent on destroying it, raised slogans supporting some of our leaders who refuse to be on the same page on such issues, we must have the sense to understand their real intention. The leader, whose name is mentioned by such people, must have the sense to understand it,\" Pinarayi said. He was speaking after inaugurating the AKG Mandiram at East Chendayad near Panoor in Kannur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13074092", "title": "Curtains not yet fallen on single-screen theatres", "text": "INDORE: If you thought heydays are over for the single-screen theatres, a visit to Indore's old theatres can leave you totally flummoxed. Even in the age of multiplexes, premium quality seats, Dolby digital sound systems and online bookings, one can see long queues with movie aficionado shouting for 'balconies', 'first class', 'deluxe,' and 'family circles' tickets before the movie shows at the city theatres.Vinod Bhatia of Regal Cinemas says his theatre has been running successfully for the past 80 years.\"We still screen four shows regularly. Only the number of viewers in balcony has come down due to the entry of multiplexes. Regal continues to have first class, deluxe and family circle arrangements,\" he adds.Though the single screen theatres had to catch up with the times and introduction of latest technology and modified seating arrangements is the result of that.LG Jain, manager of Astha Cinemas says, \"We use the best quality sound systems and provide finest picture quality to the audience. Hence there are no chances of losing our customers to the multiplexes.\"We had introduced Dolby digital sound systems 13 years back which the multiplexes of today claim to boast about with pride, informs Jain.Arun Patel of Kastur Cinema says, \"We have customers who have been regular to the theatre for the last 15 years and the rise of multiplexes has not really affected us anyway. We provide the same facilities as that of PVR , Big Cinemas, Velocity and the other multi-screen theatres and hence face no such competition from them. We are running Jannat 2 currently and the shows are going houseful.\"Infact, the multiplexes were forced to reduce rates of their shows due to stiff competition among them, he adds.\"Our business has remained unscathed from the influence of multiplexes. We still witness packed halls if the movies are good,\" says Ashish Modi of Madhumilan Cinemas.\"People who cannot afford to buy tickets for multiplexes or willing to save a few bucks still take delight in watching the movie in small theatres. The difference is not really big in terms of the sound and picture quality,\" says Ramesh Jain, a resident of Krishnapura.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13072979", "title": "\u2018Secure\u2019 cop job attracts minority youth", "text": "HYDERABAD: Reflecting a paradigm shift in job search, as many as 600 youth from minority communities, a chunk of whom are graduates from the Old City, have cleared the physical examination for the post of police constable. Job security and pension seem to be the two overriding factors drawing them to government service going by the record number of applications of around 43,000 received this year for filling 2,700 constable posts in the city.The qualification required to apply for the job of a police constable is Intermediate-appeared for SC and ST applicants, while for general category candidates it is Intermediate pass. Over the past few years there has been an increase in the number of applicants from minority communities, especially Muslims, as educated youth have started looking at the post as a pensionable job. \"Unlike MNCs, the police force provides job security. Earlier people used to enlist in the police force as tradition. Now, young boys from the Old City are keen to join the force. In spite of the low qualification required, even graduates have been applying,\" an official from the force remarked.Of the 9,000 constable hopefuls filtered from the 43,000 applications after the physical test, at least 389 candidates from the Old City will appear for the written examination scheduled to be conducted on June 17. There are many places where the police department and private agencies hold training for these candidates including the Quli Qutub Shah Stadium (QQSS) along the High Court Road and Goshamahal stadium.Sources from the police department say that training for the written test will start from May 14 and will continue for a month. The funds for training will come from the department of youth services, Hyderabad.The physical exam comprised 100 metre run, 800 metre run, five kilometre run, long jump and high jump. Many of those who qualified from the Old City are below 25 years of age. Abdul Mujahid a resident of Talabkatta who cleared the physical exam, said, \"Apart from the 800 metre run, I had no problem. I am now preparing for the written exam and have been told to be in sync with current affairs and general knowledge. I am currently pursuing B Com.\" Mohammed Sharfuddin, another candidate who cleared that exam said he was being trained at the QQSS. \"I am a degree final year student. I haven't had any problems so far because I make it a point to keep myself updated with the latest in the world of politics. Since I have always wanted to be a police officer, I will work harder to clear the written exam.\"Sources from the police department said that training will be given in mathematics and reasoning, English, general knowledge, physics and chemistry by qualified persons either at a venue in Dabeerpura or City College .M Malkoindaiah, chairman, State Police Recruitment Board and joint commissioner of police Mahash Bhagwat noted a marked increase in the number of applicants across the city. \"We have received a record number of applications. Around 43,000 candidates had applied. Of these, around 32,000 cleared the five kilometre run. After the physical efficiency and measurement exam, 9,000 from across the city have been selected,\" said Bhagwat. The 200 marks written test will have negative marking, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13076627", "title": "It was like a Test match out there: Dinesh Karthik", "text": "MUMBAI: The pitch at the Wankhede stadium for the current IPL edition came under the scanner again when Mumbai Indians wicket-keeper batsman Dinesh Karthik compared the conditions to a Test match after they slumped to a nine-wicket defeat against Royal Challengers Bangalore.\"There was a lot in it initially. The ball was seaming around a lot. It was a little damp. It was a bit like a Test match. It was a question of survival in the first 4-5 overs,\" said Karthik, who top-scored for the hosts with a well-made 44 in 39 balls.Before Karthik, MI captain Harbhajan Singh and Rohit Sharma had also questioned the tracks prepared here. Rohit had even went to the extent of comparing the track prepared for an earlier game to the bouncy Perth wicket in Australia.MI slid to 2/2 before recovering to score 141/6 but the total was not enough as a rampaging Chris Gayle blasted his way to an unbeaten 82 off 59 balls to pilot his team home.While crediting RCB bowlers for utilising the pitch well, Karthik said that a better wicket would have seen his batsmen compiling a bigger score.\"Credit to their bowlers, who bowled well. If it does a lot off the wicket, it is very tough to play shots. We couldn't get off to a start which is generally the case in T20. Even when they batted there was a bit in it for the new ball bowlers. They were taking their time and could not play their shots initially. But the wicket had a lot more in it when we batted, no doubt about it,\" he said.Karthik defended the team's decision to leave out Munaf Patel and include left arm spinner Pragyan Ojha in his place. Ojha was taken to the cleaners in the two overs he bowled in which he gave away 25 runs and took one wicket.\"When you play Pollard and Dwayne Smith there are two seamers there as well. You need that extra spinning option, otherwise you would not have any options at all. Once you get Chris Gayle out there are a lot of right handers in their line-up and I am sure Ojha could have played a bigger part.\"Karthik said to stop a batsman like Gayle early on, catches offered needed to be taken which was not the case. Another Caribbean player Dwayne Smith had dropped a swirling catch early in the Gayle's innings.\"You have to take your catches. There was one catch there for us which could have meant a lot. As a team if we get that wicket and another wicket and we are on a roll there. Those sort of things really matter in T20. When a guy like that gets even mis-hits it goes out of the park. It can be tough for a bowler to bowl,\" said the wicket keeper.Karthik said the team, which remained at third spot on the league table after the defeat with 14 points and three games left, would need to introspect.\"Definitely there are areas where we can get better as a team and these are the things we will be looking at in the next couple of games,\" he said optimistically.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "tirunelveli", "code": "13073884", "title": "Curfew imposed in Kudankulam", "text": "TIRUNELVELI: Clamping down on the protestors, the district administration has imposed curfew in the villages falling within a 7km radius surrounding Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant (KKNPP) in Tirunelveli in the wake of resumption of protests.The curfew will be in force till June 7, apparently to prevent any attempts by the anti-nuke protestors to pose any hindrance to the commissioning of the first reactor in the plant in the next few days. \"There is information that the protestors have planned to resort to law and order problems. In a bid to prevent riot, preserve peace and harmony, protect life and properties of public, safeguard government properties, to protect the nuclear plant and for the safety of the employees of the Kudankulam nuclear plant, Section 144 is being enforced,\" said a statement from collector R Selvaraj. Hence, anti-nuclear plant protestors, political parties, organisations and movements that help the protestors are banned from entering the 7-km radius from 6am on May 9 to 6pm on June 7, the collector said.However, People's Movement Against Nuclear Energy (PMANE) has reacted sharply to the curfew orders alleging that the police were planning to arrest the villagers en masse.Now that the anti-nuclear activists have intensified the protest as the KKNPP officials are gearing up for commissioning of the first reactor, the district administration has stepped in. On Tuesday, about 24,000 persons from about 10 villages including Idinthakarai and Kudankulam submitted their voter ID cards to be surrendered to the district administration condemning the state and central government for not paying attention to their demands. As many as 302 women and 35 men are also on hunger strike.Meanwhile, a team of AERB officials visit Kudankulam nuclear plant. The visit is to study the outcome of dry run after dummy fuel was loaded in the reactor and to give the go ahead for loading of assembly rods of enriched uranium.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13073074", "title": "Bank stripped of licence on promo letter", "text": "KOCHI: A promotional letter from Pathanamthita-based Adhyapaka Co-operative Bank Ltd (ACB) offering teachers finance for buying television sets has cost the bank its licence.The Urban Banks department of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) rejected the application of ACB Ltd for a banking licence on April 30, after eight years of inquiries and legalities. The bank, founded in 1972, will not be able to retain the word 'bank' in its title and accept funds from the public as per the RBI notification which was published in newspapers on May 4.\"In 2004, we had circulated a notice offering finance for teachers to buy a particular brand of TV and someone from the public had complained to the RBI citing this notice. This resulted in the RBI writing us to inquire whether we use the word 'bank' in our name and if we take deposits from the non-members. They also inquired whether we use cheques. After our reply, RBI advertised in newspapers in 2006 that we can't function as a bank,\" said N E Mathew, assistant secretary of (ACB).Once RBI stripped its banking rights, ACB moved the High Court claiming that it had got exemption from the Banking Regulation Act. However, the High Court directed ACB to apply for a banking licence with RBI, which in turn rejected the application.RBI's decision came as a shock to the bank authorities, as they were registered with the registrar of Kerala State co-operative societies. \"We don't use cheques or demand drafts and offer loans only to the members,\" claimed Mathew K Varghese, secretary of the bank. \"We have 100% recovery of our debts,\" he added.Originally started as Kallooppara Panchayat Aided School Employees Co-operative Society, ACB later changed to its present name in the mid-1980s. ACB, which boasts of more than 5,000 members among its teachers, government employees and the public, is planning to file a writ petition with the High Court against the RBI decision. Among its members, roughly 1,800 aided school teachers are spread over Tiruvalla and Mallapally taluks, as well as Kozhencherry and Aranmula educational sub-districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "13072447", "title": "Police lodge case in ONGC official\u2019s death", "text": "GHAZIABAD: A day after TOI reported how negligence of Ghaziabad Development Authority (GDA) had claimed the life of 54-year-old Anil Kumar Tayal, general manager (F&A;) and chief of internal audit, ONGC, on Wednesday, the police registered a case against unidentified persons. The police were earlier planning to file a closure report, arguing that no complaint had been filed either by the deceased's family or ONGC.On Wednesday, senior ONGC officials went to Indirapuram police station to file a complaint. \"The open pit claimed the life of our honest officer. It was negligence on the part of the civic body and we are seeking stiff action against the guilty,\" said a colleague of Tayal. He said ONGC had sent some financial help to Tayal's family and the civic body should now pay compensation.The police have registered a case under Section 304A (causing death by negligence) of IPC against unidentified persons. \"Once the investigation is completed, we will name the guilty officials in an FIR,\" said GN Yadav, SHO Indirapuram police station. GDA vice-chairman Santosh Yadav had on Tuesday suspended junior engineer MK Sinha while an adverse entry had been made in the service book of the executive engineer concerned, SS Shukla.The deceased's family is seeking legal advice to decide further course of action, Tayal's younger brother, Arun Kumar, told TOI.Tayal's wife, Neena, is a home maker. His elder son, Ankur (25), a software engineer, works in Bengaluru while his younger son, Sameer (22), is studying engineering.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "karwar", "code": "13074003", "title": "Forester killed by tourists in Karnataka", "text": "KARWAR: A group of tourists attacked assistant conservator of forests (ACF) in Karnataka leading to his death early Wednesday.The ACF, Madan H Nayak (55), had objected when he saw the tourists feeding crocodiles meat in the Kali river in Dandeli, about 180km from Karwar, Monday evening. He was admitted with serious head injury to Dharwad's SDM Medical College Hospital where he died. A group of 16 tourists, most of them from Bagalkot, had attacked him. Police arrested 16 tourists. Ten of the accused were released after a police sub-inspector from Bagalkot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13074106", "title": "Lawyers' strike: Sessions court paralysed", "text": "MUMBAI: The city sessions court bore a deserted look on Wednesday after lawyers went on a day-long strike to protest against the government's decision to extend the pecuniary jurisdiction of district courts to Rs 1 crore. The lawyers want unlimited pecuniary jurisdiction to civil courts.They were joined by lawyers from various other district courts. The Bombay City Civil and Sessions Court Bar Association, headed by advocate Sudeep Pasbola, has written to the Governor and the chief minister in this regard. Vijay Sutrale, ex-president of the bar association and a member of the steering committee, said over 5,000 advocates joined the protest. \"The protest was a success and we got a good response. I went to the Dindoshi court in the morning and saw that most courts were not functioning,\" he said.The decision to go on a strike was taken at a general body meeting conducted last week. The advocates, however, attended urgent matters involving bail pleahearings, demolition cases and completion of formalities regarding those to be released from jail. The association assured that courts will resume functioning on Thursday. \"We are now waiting for a reply from the Governor and the CM. If we do not get a favourable response, then our protest will get stronger after the vacation, which ends on June 11,\" Sutrale added.In April, the state legislative council passed a bill through which the Bombay City Civil Court (Amendment) Act allowed the subordinate courts in Mumbai to hear suits involving a dispute of up to Rs 1 crore from the existing limit of less than Rs 50,000. The amendment was made to bring down the backlog of cases in the Bombay high court and allow trial courts to deal with the growing cases of property disputes in Mumbai.The bar association, however, in its letter urged the Governor to not give his assent to the bill and to send the bill back for reconsideration.\"The legislatures have not taken into consideration the needs of the citizens, litigants and legal fraternity,\" Pasbola said in the letter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13073885", "title": "Congress leader, aides thrash Delhi cops", "text": "BHOPAL: About two dozen armed persons thrashed Delhi policemen inside the Kotwali police station in Morena district on Wednesday. The culprits, amid firing, forcibly took away an accused arrested by the Delhi police.Executing an arrest warrant by a court, the South Delhi's Greater Kailash (GK) police had arrested Sanjeev Kansana, brother of a local Congress leader Raghuraj Singh, in a case related to forgery in Delhi.Angry over this, Raghuraj, with his armed men, barged into the police station when the Delhi team, comprising five policemen, was completing some formalities regarding the arrest. The accused beat up the policemen and created terror leading to an exchange of fire. The gang was able to free Sanjeev from Delhi police custody and take him away, the police said.Following the violent incident, Chambal range inspector general of police D P Gupta rushed to the spot and reviewed the law and order situation.On the complaint of Delhi police inspector Sandeep Pawar, the accused have been charged with attempt to murder and dacoity hindering government officials from functioning.The police have announced a bounty of Rs 10,000 on Raghuraj and Rs 5,000 on Sanjeev. A hunt has been launched to arrest the accused in the case.The incident wouldn't have taken place, had GK police taken us into confidence, Kotwali area's city superintendent police (CSP) Shivkumar Verma told TOI over phone.Pawar fired into the air when the miscreants tried to snatch away his fire-arm, following which two rounds were fired from the other side. He disagreed denied that much more rounds were fired.He said that just a few policemen in the station when the incident took place.Delhi police have come down to Morena to arrest Sanjeev, who along with his relatives Virendra Kohli, Yogendra Singh allegedly duped one Ashok Ahuja of Rs one crore. The accused promised him a house in GK - a residential area in South Delhi for the money. Ahuja lodged a complaint with the national capital police in July last year. As the accused didn't turn up in the court, it issued arrest warrants against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13073221", "title": "Journalists march to governor, submit memorandum", "text": "HYDERABAD: Journalists, mainly from the Sakshi group but also including some others, conducted rallies and marches in the state on Wednesday protesting the CBI action against Sakshi TV. Calling it an attack on the freedom of press, journalists led by Sakshi employees union, Andhra Pradesh Working Journalists Federation (APWJF) and Hyderabad Union of Journalists (HUJ), held a protest rally from Somajiguda Press Club to Raj Bhavan where they submitted a memorandum to governor ESL Narasimhan.Veteran journalists ABK Prasad and Hanumantha Rao, Sakshi editor V Murali, Sakshi TV managing editor Dileep Reddy, Sailesh Reddy of Zee-24 were among those who participated in the rally. Decrying the CBI's action, they said freezing of Sakshi's bank accounts was nothing but an attempt to stifle the voice of media.Members of Telangana Journalists Forum staged rallies across the region. They conducted rasta roko in Miryalaguda, Kodad, Adilabad, Warangal and Nalgonda.In Vijayawada, Sakshi staff staged a rally from their office to the sub-collectorate. Print and television journalists met chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy in Visakhapatnam and urged him not to target the media. In Mumbai, a rally was organized at Azad Maidan under the aegis of Telugu Kala Samithi. Its president M Konda Reddy led the rally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13073599", "title": "Punjab can emerge as land for private investments: ASSOCHAM", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A leading industry body ASSOCHAM has proposed 30-point growth strategy to the new government of Punjab with a view to give thrust to the small scale enterprises and food processing sector and achieve double digit growth in the decade.The ASSOCHAM delegation comprising Ravi Wig, chairman, ASSOCHAM Punjab development council, Ashok Khanna, chairman, ASSOCHAM national council on environment and safety and TQM and D S Rawat, secretary general, ASSOCHAM met Punjab chief minister Prakash Singh Badal on Wednesday and suggested setting up of industiral clusters for small and medium enterprises involved in food processing, handicrafts, renewable energy and information technology to generate three lakh direct and indirect jobs over the next three years.The strategy paper on all-round Punjab development is a ready-reckoner for iinvestors, the Centre and state governments to make it as one of the most attractive investment destinations in India with double digit SGDP growth, said Wig. The chamber has also set up a dedicated foundation for development of micro industries and clusterization to promote micro, small and medium enterprises.The state may not have enough finances to develop infrastructure on its own which, builds a good case for public private partnership (PPP) type of initiatives involving multilateral institutions like the World Bank and the Asian Development Bank . To encourage effective distribution of agro-commodities, initiatives should be taken to create hub-and-spoke model under which districts and towns identified act as a hub and villages surrounding them act as spokes. This will ensure efficient distribution, reduce transportation costs, increase competition and real price discovery, benefiting the farmers.Farmers need technology upgradation, logistic support, market intelligence and should be able to compete in international markets. \"We would also like the state government to promote irrigation, rural connectivity, health, education and non-farm rural activities.The state government must facilitate contract farming by attracting investments from the private sector. Irrigation systems can be improved by employing modern technologies which are a must to boost productivity. Special economic zones (SEZs) can be created with organic farms for herbal and medicinal plantation.A definite roadmap needs to be drafted to improve storage facilities, transport infrastructure and marketing network so that food processing industries can develop value-added products for domestic and foreign markets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13074482", "title": "Vishvendra Singh gets AICC's show cause notice", "text": "JAIPUR: The AICC on Wednesday issued a show cause notice to Congress leader and former MP Vishvendra Singh for his alleged role in the violence committed at the party's function in Bharatpur on May 5.The notice issued by AICC secretary and co-incharge for Rajasthan, Arun Yadav has given four days time to Singh to explain why disciplinary action should not be initiated against him in the light of the allegations. The former Bharatpur MP, who is a member of the Pradesh Congress Committee (PCC), was summoned to New Delhi following the allegations against him. PCC chief Chandrabhan, in whose presence the violence was committed, had dispatched the complaint report to the party high command early this week.The notice issued to Singh read: \"The complaint is that on May 5, 2012 at around 11:30 am, you along with your supporters barged into the venue where the divisional level workshop of the party was being held in Bharatpur and that with the use of violent methods, tried to disrupt the function.\"Speaking to TOI, Singh refuted the allegations and said he had explained his position to AICC general secretary Digvijay Singh. \"The AICC general secretary has asked the PCC chief and others to refrain from making any public statements over the incident,\" Singh said. He claimed that he would not do anything to harm the party. \"I have been playing an active role in helping the party government to amicably settle the Gujjar quota issue. Today I arranged a telephonic conversation between Digvijay Singh and Gujjar leader Kirori Singh Bainsla,\" the former Bharatpur MP said.The AICC notice issued to Singh, meanwhile, says that it was he who was accused of making \"irresponsible\" public statements on the incident. \"It has also been reported that you have made highly irresponsible statements with an intention to harm the party,\" the notice read.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13074324", "title": "End factionalism, wary Sonia tells Congressmen", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress chief Sonia Gandhi on Wednesday urged partymen to work unitedly in the coming assembly elections, betraying concern about recent contests where the party was decimated despite the advantage of anti-incumbency.Sonia told the parliamentary party that Congress's prospects in the coming elections would depend upon the unity among party leaders. \"We must shed all manner of factional behaviour and fight as one disciplined team at all levels. That will be the single-most important factor to decide whether we win or lose,\" she said.Congress faces elections in Himachal Pradesh and Gujarat later this year. While the party is in opposition in HP, the state unit is ridden by factionalism. Gujarat is a tough ask anyways.The warning from the leadership reflected the disappointment of recent elections. Congress blew its chances in Punjab because of nepotism and groupism, while it nearly paid the price in Uttarakhand, nosing past BJP by one seat. Sonia called the defeats in Goa and Punjab disappointing.The plea for unity comes on the back of churn in different state units. While there is resentment against the chief minister among sections of party legislators in Andhra Pradesh, Maharashtra and Rajasthan, states where the party is in opposition too are witnessing demand for change of state chiefs.While talking of the recent results, Sonia separated Uttar Pradesh from other defeats. \"In UP, even though we did not perform as well as we had hoped to, we increased our vote share quite considerably and were seen as a serious player for the first time in 22 years,\" she said.The Congress chief said UPA was working towards bringing transparency and aam aadmi schemes and the party's focus should not waver just because it was becoming fashionable to criticize the government. She urged party leaders and state units to propagate the government's achievements at the Centre and expose rival regimes in states using CAG and Lokayukta reports.Sonia also backed the government on the debate over federalism arising as much out of Bengal's demand for a bailout package as from the attack on UPA over NCTC. She said \"unprecedented transfers\" of finance to states over eight years of UPA was best evidence of Congress's commitment to federalism and said Centre could not shirk its responsibility in Centre-state issues of fighting terrorism and Naxalism. \"Trust and cooperation must be the anchor of Centre-state relations,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13073298", "title": "Green change hits roadblock", "text": "KOLKATA: Four years after the switchover of auto-rickshaws to LPG started, signalling the exit of the polluting two-stroke vehicles in the city, the process has come to a complete halt.Even though more than 5,000 auto-rickshaws in Kolkata are yet to convert to green fuel, the state transport department has put an unofficial embargo on the purchase of new vehicles. This has ostensibly been done to prevent crowding in the existing routes, despite a High Court order which specifies that all auto-rickshaws should convert to green fuel by March 31, 2012. It also said that no 15-year-old auto-rickshaw should ply in Kolkata once the deadline expires.It has been more than a month since the cut-off date expired, but no step has been taken to resume the conversion process. Thousands of auto-operators are still waiting for their new vehicles. Many have been plying their old, two-stroke autos defying the law. Auto unions fear that if the conversion doesn't resume soon, more two-stroke vehicles could return, particularly in the fringe areas where vigil is lax. Apart from the Kolkata Metropolitan Area (KMA), two-stroke autos have been prohibited in Howrah, South and North 24-Parganas, Hooghly and some areas of Nadia. While 26,959 autos have switched to LPG in these areas, 4,301are still waiting for green vehicles. There are about a couple of thousand more operators in Kollkata who plied without registration before the switchover and had applied for permits.\"The embargo contradicts the orders passed by the high court and has been a stumbling block. It has also negated the advantages gained from the switchover since the old, polluting vehicles are steadily coming back. More will return unless the conversion process continues. Ever since the new government assumed office in the state, the replacement process has stopped, paving the way for the return of two-stroke autos,\" said green activist Subhas Datta.In a letter to state transport minister Madan Mitra, Datta has pointed out that the extended high court deadline for phasing out of old autos expired on March 31. \"This is sad for the benefits of the transformation are being lost,\" said Datta.Auto unions said they are finding it extremely difficult to keep a tab on old vehicles. \"Many have been waiting for new vehicles for more than three years. We can't stop them from using old autos, for they need to earn. The ball is now in the government's court. If it is serious about preventing pollution, then they should resume the process,\" said Kishore Ghosh of the Citu-affiliated Kolkata Auto-Rickshaw Operators' Union.Mitra said the issue will be taken up soon. \"I have received Subhas Datta's letter, though I am yet to go through it. I have instructed the transport secretary to convene a meeting and we will try and work out a way forward,\" he added.As many as 1,277 autos in the Public Vehicles Department (PVD) area, 1,495 in Alipore and 754 in Barasat are yet to switch to green fuel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13074690", "title": "Uneven tarmac forces closing of aerobridge", "text": "NAGPUR: Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar International Airport run by Mihan India Limited (MIL) is often in the news for all the wrong reasons like lack of basic facilities for passengers, animals straying in operational area or a runway as bad as the city roads. Now it is turn of apron area and taxiways 'Alpha' and 'Bravo' that were resurfaced recently.Sources at airport disclosed that due to sub-standard work and poor quality materials used in resurfacing, the new apron has already started giving way. The surface has become uneven at many places, rough patches and potholes have developed near aerobridge wheels. A senior MIL official requesting anonymity informed that these problems had not yet resulted in flight disruption. However, a pothole developed just near the aerobridge wheels has forced authorities to stop its operations for the next few days.Senior MIL officials admitted that tarmac which was resurfaced just a month back was in poor condition and once again needed repairs. MIL created new apron area creating five new parking bays and resurfaced two existing taxiways. The resurfacing work of 64,000 sq metre old apron area having 12 parking bays was completed only in March. With this, airport developed room for 17 wide-bodied aircraft but the sub-standard work has put a question mark on whether these facilities would be used by airlines, they said.CEO of MIL and Sr Airport Director V K Yadava confirmed that aerobridge operations were suspended for due to uneven surface near wheel. He said MIL has appointed a team of experts to conduct a technical inspection into how the newly resurfaced area got deteriorated. The consultant appointed for the entire work has also been asked to submit a report, Yadava said.Meanwhile, the 3,200-metre runway of city airport is still awaiting a new surface, despite the Airports Authority of India (AAI) agreeing to share the cost of work with Maharashtra Airport Development Company (MADC).AAI chairman V P Agrawal has agreed to share the cost of Rs 25 crore to ensure that the runway was resurfaced soon. However, there is no progress on the project, officials confirmed. The runway was last resurfaced in 2004. Before that, AAI had resurfaced it in 1995. TOI has been highlighting MIL's neglect of the runway, tarmac and taxiway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "13072774", "title": "Central Marine Fisheries Research Institute develops new fish breed", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: The Central Marine Fisheries Research Institute (CMFRI) has developed a new fish breed suitable for Indian conditions. Scientists at CMFRI found the new variety 'Pompano' surviving even in saline waters outside the sea waters, which is rare for fish breeds.\"Popularly known as Chanduva in AP, this rare variety of Pomfret is not available even in sea waters now,\" CMFRI (Kochi) director G Syda Rao told TOI. Scientists say the breed will change the economic conditions of poor fishermen, particularly during the 45-day conservation period when the government bans fishing activity.\"Pompano could usher in revolution if the government hands over barren lands on the coast to fishermen to hatch this fish as it can survive all adverse atmosphere conditions and help them get good returns,\" said a marine scientist at CMFRI. Each fish weighs around 450 grams and a yield of about 1.5 tonnes is expected from each acre. \"The yield from each acre would easily give the fishermen returns of over Rs 3 lakh,\" explained Syda Rao. The fishermen groups could earn at least Rs 25-30 lakh annually if they go for cultivation in five acres, scientists point out.But CMFRI is facing a hurdle as it is not in a position to hatch the fish in large quantities and is looking forward to the private parties to chip in. In this context, CMFRI said the state governments should take the lead in helping the traditional fishermen cultivate the new breed. A near two-month fishing layoff during the summer is a crisis period for the fishermen families as most of them depend on the local moneylenders to make both ends meet.With moneylenders charging huge rate of interest, the fishermen are forced to sell their stocks at cheap rates. \"But in case of Pompano, they could go for three crops a year,\" said fish exporter Anantha Nagesh Babu. Since the yield is expected within four months unlike other fish varieties which take a longer time to breed, it's a win-win situation for the fishermen.Nagesh Babu said the government should contemplate leasing out small portions of barren land to the fishermen self-help groups so that the fishermen's dependence on moneylenders would come down drastically.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "13074508", "title": "Sambar poached near Nagzira, accused", "text": "GONDIA: A few parts of a Sambar deer, which had been poached, were found in the forest on the outskirts of the Maligunga village (Pandhari) in Sadak Arjuni Tehsil on Tuesday. An offence has been registered against the poachers.Sadak Arjuni range forest officer KA Bawankar said that two forest guards attached to Nagzira wildlife sanctuary first saw the Sambar's body parts and informed higher officials. \"I reached the spot, performed panchanama and reported the matter to higher authorities and police, who have registered an offence,\" he said.Forest officials claimed they had seized some meat of the animal from the house of Pundlik Sakhare, who is a resident of Maligunga village. Sakhare, however, is absconding.Meanwhile, some villagers alleged that Bawankar had accepted a bribe to hush up the matter. Bawankar, when questioned about it in the chamber of Gondia assistant conservator of forests Ashwin Thakkar, refuted the allegation, saying that when the poachers had not been identified, there was no question of taking a bribe. Thakkar too maintained that Bawankar appeared innocent.ACF Ashok Khune is expected to be entrusted with the investigation of the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13076940", "title": "SC asks government to inquire into allegations against NHRC chief K G Balakrishnan", "text": "NEW DELHI: In an unprecedented action, the Supreme Court on Thursday asked the government to inquire into allegations of corruption and misconduct levelled against former CJI and present NHRC chief K G Balakrishnan.A bench of Justice B S Chauhan and Justice J S Khehar said \"the competent\" authority in the government would conduct a detailed inquiry into the complaint against him by Committee for Judicial Accountability.The committee had alleged that Justice Balakrishnan's kin had amassed unaccounted wealth during his tenure as Judge of SC and then as CJI.The bench said if the competent authority finds the allegations substantiated by the inquiry it will take appropriate action under section 5(3) of the NHRC Act.This means if the allegations were found true, then the President may have to send a reference to the apex court seeking its opinion on the desirability of continuance of Justice Balakrishnan as the NHRC chief.Justice Balakrishnan had said that if his relatives had amassed unaccounted wealth it was for them to explain such acquisition before the income tax authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13074103", "title": "Industrialists threaten to stop paying taxes over negligence", "text": "INDORE: Annoyed due to the negligence of the industrial areas developed by the state government in past, the industrialists, having their units in those areas, have threatened to stop paying any kind of tax. Some of the problems being faced in such areas include dilapidated roads, disrupted power supply and non-availability of water.The reaction by the industrialists assumes significance in the wake of the announcement of Rs 311 crore for the improvement of condition of the industrial areas in the state which include Sanwer Road and Polo Ground in Indore, Govindpura in Bhopal and Malanpur in Bhind. These are the industrial estates that had been developed by the respective civic authorities and handed over to the industrialists to run their units on a lease basis.All the units have been paying money to the state government in form of lease rent, property tax and maintenance charges. The lease rent comes to be at 1% of the lease premium of the total area owned by a particular industrial unit at the rate of Rs 240 per sq metre; Whereas the property tax and maintenance charges are calculated at the rate of 6% and 2% respectively.Talking to TOI, Ashok Badjatya, president, Association of Industries, MP, said at Sanwer road Industrial area alone, which comprises 1,000 industrial units, they have already paid Rs 51 lakh in form of maintenance charges ever since when it was introduced by the state government. \"But to our utter surprise, the government has not spent even a single penny on the improvement of the worsening condition of the industrial estate. We have, therefore, sought an audience with the chief minister, Shivraj Singh Chauhan , to discuss the issue with him. In case, the CM turns a deaf ear to all our demands, we will not pay any tax to the government,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "darbhanga", "code": "13073419", "title": "Seven killed, two injured in road mishap", "text": "DARBHANGA: Seven persons were killed while two others sustained critical injuries when a kerosene tanker collided with a jeep on NH-57 near Raje village under the Manigachhi police station in the district on Tuesday night.Manigachhi SHO Rakesh Kumar said the occupants of the jeep were coming from Behat village under the Jhanjharpur police station and were on way to the Pandaul market area under the Pandaul police station in Madhubani district for attending a marriage. The accident victims were rushed to the Darbhanga Medical College and Hospital (DMCH) on Tuesday night itself. The driver of the Bolero jeep, Raman Jee Jha, who also died, was in a drunken state when the accident took place. An FIR has been lodged with the Manigachhi police station in this connection.DMCH superintendent Dr Suraj Nayak on Wednesday said six persons were brought dead to the DMCH's emergency wing on Tuesday night while the jeep driver succumbed to his injury during treatment in the wee hours of Wednesday. Two seriously injured persons - Santosh Kumar Mahto (29) and Ranjit Kumar Thakur (30) - were referred to the Patna Medical College and Hospital on Wednesday.Nayak said apart from the driver, the dead included Binod Pandey (50), Raj Kumar Raut (40), Mithilesh Maharan (28), Shri Lal Mandal (30), Shatrughan Mahto (50) and Ram Lakhan Pradhan (50).The investigating officer of the case and SI of the Manigachhi police station, G M Pathak, was present at the DMCH during the postmortem examination. Pathak said the relatives of the victims were present at the DMCH and that the bodies would be handed over to them after the autopsy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13074638", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation starts process to oust Starbus operator", "text": "NAGPUR: Following series of allegations and demands for two years, Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) on Wednesday issued a show cause notice to Starbus operator M/s Vansh Nimay Infra Projects Private Ltd thus commencing the process to suspend the agreement.Sources told TOI, notice will be sent to the operator on Thursday. \"Municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal who is also the vice-chairman and managing director of Nagpur Mahanagar Parivahan Limited (NMPL), special purpose vehicle for city bus service popularly known as Starbus, has issued the notice asking the operator why the agreement signed between the NMC and Vansh Nimay should not be suspended. It requires legal process to suspend the agreement. Notice is the first step of the process, operator will send a reply to the notice and then the further process will begin,\" said the sources.Sources added that Jaiswal has also called for a meeting of NMPL board of directors on May 17. \"Decision about further course of action will be taken in the meeting. Besides, the discussion to hand over the buses to MSRTC will also be held in the meeting,\" said the sources.Already, NMC had sent a letter to the MSRTC asking to take over the bus service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "13075434", "title": "Odia worker dies in Sri Lanka", "text": "KENDRAPADA: An Odia worker was killed in an accident at a steel plant in Sri Lanka on Tuesday. He is Manas Mallick (30), son of Balaram Mallick of Jajpur's Barapada village. He was working as an assistant fitter at Comfab steel private limited in Muddaragama, said Jitmohan Hansda, district labour office of Jajpur, on Wednesday.\"I have informed the labour commissioner about this incident. Manas was electrocuted while working in the private steel plant. His body will be flown from Sri Lanka to Bhubaneswar soon,\" the officer said.The deceased worker is survived by parents, wife and an one-year-old son. Six months ago, he had gone to Sri Lanka to work as a fitter. \"We came to know about Manas's death from a worker over telephone,\" said Ranjan Mallick, brother of the deceased. Sasmita Mallick (24), Manas's widow was inconsolable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13072679", "title": "In poll mode, Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation clears projects worth crores", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Keeping the election year in mind, the standing committee of the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) has been clearing projects worth crores of rupees. The projects are related to basic civic infrastructure in various parts of the city. Of late, there have been complaints of overflowing drains and less water pressure in different parts of the city. AMC is hoping the complaints will come down once the projects are in place.To start with, in Ramol Hathijan area AMC has proposed constructing a pump house with a capacity of seven lakh gallons along with an underground sump. The standing committee of the civic body has earmarked a budget of Rs 1.5 crore for the project.In Isanpur area, which falls under the south zone, the committee plans to spruce up both the water and drainage line. \"In the past, there have been a lot of complaints of drainage chocking up and water pressure being minimal. We have drawn up a detailed plan to address this problem\", says a senior member of the standing committee.Paldi area too has seen a number of complaints of drainages choking up. AMC will construct manholes at regular intervals on the existing drainage line. AMC will also construct manholes in central zone and in the Gujarat Housing Board complex.In another major development, AMC has earmarked a budget of Rs 24.56 crore for a road widening project in the north and south side of the SP Ring Road. The widened roads will also see service roads for residents who stay in societies along the stretch.\"There are a slew of projects that have been planned for the new west zone and south zone areas of the city. Our focus today is sprucing up basic facilities,\" added the standing committee member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13073859", "title": "Cops: Ex-cook not prime suspect in builder's wife murder", "text": "MUMBAI: The police have made no headway in the murder of 51-year-old Chetna Ajmera, wife of real estate developer Jayant Ajmera, who was found lying in a pool of blood in their first-floor home in Vaishali Apartments in Ghatkopar (E) on Monday.Investigations are being carried out simultaneously by the crime branch and the Pantnagar police.\"We have a few suspects whose roles we are probing. Teams have been dispatched to a couple of locations outside Mumbai to look for the accused. It will not be appropriate to disclose the locations as that might alert the culprit,\" said additional commissioner of police (crime) Deven Bharti.Police sources confirmed that a team has been sent to Rajasthan to look for the Ajmeras's former cook, Ashok, who was spotted in the building's vicinity a few days before the murder by some neighbours.\"We are trying to locate this man but he is not our prime suspect. In fact, we don't have a prime suspect at the moment and are exploring all angles,\" said Bharti. \"The Ajmeras told us they had a disagreement with the cook over his salary before he left work in February. But that is not reason enough to book him. Once we trace Ashok, we will call him for questioning,\" Bharti added.The police have also called for questioning the Ajmeras's drivers and other domestic helps, the building's two watchmen and employees of Jayant's company. \"The culprit was definitely known to the victim as she let him/her in willingly. We are trying to confirm the alibis of close relatives, friends and family's employees,\" said an officerinvolved in the probe.He added that they had managed to retrieve some CCTV footage from a residential building opposite Vaishali apartment. \"That is the only building in the area which has CCTV cameras installed. We are looking through the footage but have not been able to find anything of importance so far,\" he said.The secretary of the building, Ashok Bhanushali, told TOI that the society was planning to put into place several security measures to ensure such an incident was not repeated. \"We have decided to install CCTV cameras immediately and have advised neighbouring societies to do so as well. There is also a plan to increase lighting arrangements in the area. Our building security guards will also be expected to remain more vigilant and will be subject to random inspections,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13073406", "title": "Mansa Devi plots hearing deferred", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In what may be seen as huge setback for Haryana MLAs and MPs who were allotted 14-marla plots in the upscale Sector-6 of Mansa Devi Complex under discretionary quota, as the Punjab and Haryana high court on Wednesday ordered to continue the stay on such allotments.Prominent beneficiaries of the scheme includes country's richest woman, Shavitiri Jindal, her son Naveen Jindal , Venod Sharma and state chief minister's son, Deepender Singh Hooda.A division bench headed by acting Chief Justice M M Kumar also admitted the matter on Wednesday, which means the hearing of the case has been deferred for an indefinite period and it may take years to come up for hearing. It also refused the plea made by the Haryana advocate General (AG) to fix a date of hearing of this matter. It was in August 2009, when the HC had stayed on the allotment of these plots.Around 79 MLAs and MPs of Haryana were allotted 14 marla plots each in Sector 6 Mansa Devi complex (MDC), Panchkula near scenic Sukhna Lake and Rajiv Gandhi IT Park, allegedly on throw away price of Rs 28 lakh each as against prevailing open market price of nearly Rs1.5 crore.Prominent among those allotted plots were Venod Sharma, Kiran Chaudhary, Deepender Singh Hooda , Captain Ajay Singh Yadav, Naveen Jindal, Randeep Surjewala, his father Shamsher Singh Surjewala, Phool Chand Mulana, Union cabinet minister Kumari Shelja, Raghuveer Kadian and others. Shelja, however, later refused to take allotment of the plot, following which her name was deleted from the list of respondents.The matter had reached before the Punjab and Haryana High Court when a Panchkula based Herald Group Housing Co-operative Society who had sought directions to cancel the allotment, as the same was arbitrary and illegal.Undue advantage to VIPsWhen the matter had reached before the HC, it was also surfaced that the Haryana government not only increased the population density ratio of sectort-6 Mansa Devi Complex (MDC) Panchkula to an alarming level beyond the permissible limits but also curtailed various social facilities to be provided in the sector to provide 'undue advantage' to these VIPs of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13073817", "title": "BJP eyes bigger role in Tamil Nadu", "text": "MADURAI: The much expected fifth state conference of the BJP will commence on Thursday with party functionaries expecting more than five lakh party workers from across the state and country. BJP's national secretary, Muralidhar Rao, who inspected the final round of preparations at the venue site on Wednesday, said the conference will set a stage for BJP to become a formidable player in state politics.Interacting with media persons, he said that the conference will chart an action plan and agenda for the party to succeed in the state. \"Every party worker will be urged to take a pledge to work on the action plan and the pledge too will be drafted during the conference,\" Rao mentioned. \"After all the challenges including one from nature, we are holding our conference and we will work with the same spirit to rise in the state politics and all state-related issues will be given their due importance during our conference,\" he added.Meanwhile, in view of the two-day conference, Madurai district police has announced important traffic regulations in the city. Vehicles will be diverted through other roads to avoid traffic in Madurai Ring Road as the venue site is situated near Viraganur.All the heavy vehicles going through southern districts from Chennai should take Manapparai, Dindigul, Samayanallur and Kappalur while light vehicles and passenger carriers will be allowed to Madurai through Melur.Vehicles from Rameswaram should take the route through Teppakulam while vehicles from Sivagangai will be diverted through Melamadai and vehicles coming from Tuticorin should take Avaniapuram Road and vehicles coming from Virudhunagar should take Tiruparankundram Road. One hour prior to the arrival of VVIPs like L K Advani, vehicular traffic will be completely stopped on Ring Road from Aruppukottai to Sivagangai diversions. Hence, the participants have been asked to reach the venue one hour ahead of the VIPs' arrival. People should leave their vehicles allotted for parking at different places and reach the venue site. No vehicles other than with red and blue passes will be allowed to the conference venue. Police have also urged the public and party workers to follow all the security regulations and co-operate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13078144", "title": "Introducing Digital Desi", "text": "It all started in 1996 - Known only as DJ Joop, a well known figure on the RnB club circuit &amp; resident DJ at one of the biggest and longest running clubs in Melbourne (Twister) on Saturday nights. Also guest DJ'ed at most of the clubs and events in and around Melbourne.It was only until attending punjabi parties/weddings/events that sore ears were a common theme which was caused by the DJ's that failed at DJ'ing. The idea of delivering a real Bhangra DJ product was born - and it was an imminent takeover.Born and brought up in the UK - the sounds of Alaap, Heera and Gurdas Mann were always playing in the ears. However, it was the presence of frizzy haired Jazzy B and the raw sounds of Panjabi MC that made Bhangra feel folk yet cool and funky.The idea of fusing the RnB and dance sounds with Bhangra was a hit - and after playing at a few club gigs and private gigs - DJ Joop became the name and Australia's Most Wanted DJ.After dramatically changing the movement for the Australian Bhangra industry - calls from Sydney, Brisbane, Perth and Adelaide were common and DJ Joop was off travelling from state to state with his silver case and playing at almost every major event around Australia.\"It was going crazy, I was covering 4 gigs in 3 days and in 3 different states - I felt like I was spreading that Bhangra message to everyone\" - Professa DJTouring live as guest DJ alongside DJ VIX, DJ Kayper, the mighty Panjabi MC, while being credited as \"the next big thing\", but it was the Australian tour by Super producer Surinder Rattan (UK) when the name Professa came about.Only recently with success of the online radio show Digital Desi - the world has started to take note that Professa DJ is a highly rated DJ and not one to blow his own trumpet. It has taken a while - however Professa DJ is packing his silver case and about to go world wide.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13078457", "title": "Filmmaking happened accidentally, says Habib Faisal", "text": "Perhaps more dramatic than the on-screen unfolding of romantic drama 'Ishaqzaade' is the real life journey of director Habib Faisal who became filmmaker not by \"cliched dreams\" but by sheer serendipity.For Habib, whose last assignment before veering towards direction was as a cameraman with an English news channel, filmmaking occurred accidentally and was not his natural choice per se.\"Unlike most filmmakers today, I had no cliched dream of making movies at the age of five,\" confesses the screenwriter-director Habib Faisal.Faisal, who grew up with the dream of becoming a doctor, says, \"I failed in all my entrance exams...I had fascination to become a doctor but I had no brains. For us being in IIT or IIM was glamorous\".In the colourful corridors of Kirori Mal college in Delhi, Faisal was introduced to theatre and cinema. \"I somehow got into doing a play. I was not interested in doing films but wanted to do theatres,\" he said.After completing his education from Delhi, Faisal studied cinema at South Illinois University and joined NDTV as a cameraman. He worked for the news channel for five years and learnt the tricks of the trade.\"My job as a cameraman happened by accident. I used to shoot features for the channel....the experience over there helped me travel across the country and get in touch with real characters. It did help me connect with the pulse of the masses. From that point on there was no looking back as far as writing dialogues is concerned....Films all happened by accident,\" Faisal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13074063", "title": "Rapid transit system to connect Delhi and Meerut", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a bid to improve the community transport infrastructure in the state, the government of Uttar Pradesh is mulling over the feasibility of a Rapid Transit system on the Delhi-Ghaziabad- Meerut corridor. Led by chief secretary Jawed Usmani, top state government officials met with officials of the National Capital Region Planning Board, where a proposal to start a public transport system over a distance of around 90 km was discussed.Though the state government has not made any formal announcement in this regard, Usmani has said the project would be considered once NCRPB sends a formal proposal to the state government. Accepting that this would go a long way to ease the traffic and improve public transport facilities on the Delhi-Meerut route, Usmani also said that the proposal should be submitted as early as possible.The rapid transport system on the 90km stretch is expected to incur an estimated development cost of Rs 16,592 crore. If the project meets the state's approval, the high frequency train network developed as a part of this project is expected to be ready for use by 2016. According to present day estimations, the project is slated to benefit nearly 6 lakh commuters every day. In the detailed presentation made to UP government officials on Wednesday, the project promises to make services to passengers available at Rs 1 per km.If implemented, Uttar Pradesh would be the biggest beneficiary of the rapid transport system. With nearly 80 km of the total project to be built in UP, it also expected to cut down fuel costs, save time and also minimise pollution.According to the presentation made to the state government, the high frequency train network will be a part of the larger NCR Regional Rapid Transport Transit system covering Uttar Pradesh, Delhi, Haryana and Rajasthan. If UP sanctions the project, the corridor will be developed by a joint venture company, under the aegis of the Ministry of Urban Development.At present, the state government has appointed the Housing department as the nodal agency for the project. Other key officials who will deliberate over the feasibility of the project on behalf of the state government include Chief Secretary Jawed Usmani and Industrial and Infrastructure Development Commissioner Anil Kumar Gupta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13073388", "title": "Girl lodges complaint against bar owner", "text": "PATNA: A Purnia-based girl has lodged a complaint with the Gandhi Maidan police station on Wednesday against her employer for unduly harassing her. The girl works at a Bar located on Exhibition Road here. She told the police that the bar owner had promised her a job and later pressurised her to indulge in unlawful activities. The police, later, brought the girl to the police station for inquiry. Money-related dispute is said to be the reason behind the complaint, the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13074393", "title": "Youth held for abetment of suicide", "text": "MYSORE: A 34-year-old man was arrested for allegedly abetting the suicide of his wife in Mysore taluk on Wednesday.Prakash of H D Kote, along with his friend Swamy of T Narasipura, were booked for abetment of suicide of 25-year-old homemaker Geetha, Mysore rural sub divisional DSP T Siddappa said.They have been remanded to judicial custody.Geetha allegedly committed suicide on Tuesday by jumping into a pond at her native Varkod village in Mysore south police station limits following an argument with Prakash. Before the incident, Prakash and Swamy had visited her house in an inebriated state. The couple had a quarrel in front of Swamy. Annoyed, Geetha ended her life late in the evening. Enraged over this, villagers caught the duo and thrashed them black and blue before handing them over to police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13072709", "title": "Drugs scam: Pharmaceutical companies wrote letters signed by doctors?", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a shocking disclosure, some drug companies have been caught red-handed writing scientific recommendations of their own products and submitting them to the Drug Controller General of India (DCGI) after getting them endorsed by top doctors for a quicker marketing approval.Usually, scientific recommendations are submitted by experts after they have studied a drug's content.The endorsement is considered a crucial testimony that convinces India's Central Drugs Standard Control Organization (CDSCO) to trust the drug's effectiveness, in turn, allowing it to be launched in the market.Clear evidence has been unearthed, whereby the scientific recommendations submitted to the CDSCO were being written by drug companies themselves with \"experts merely putting their signatures\".What's worse, some of India's top medicine experts - some are even head of departments - from the country's most iconic medical institutes like PGI Chandigarh; CMC Vellore; AIIMS Delhi and St John's Medical College, Bangalore had signed these recommendations.The parliamentary standing committee on health and family welfare has found that in case of several drugs, \"expert advise and letters of recommendation\" from these experts read the same - word by word - and were submitted on the same day.The committee, which placed its scathing report on the functioning of the CDSCO in Rajya Sabha on Tuesday, says there is \"ample evidence to show that several scientific recommendations submitted to the CDSCO to push a drug were actually written by invisible hands of drug companies themselves and experts merely obliged by putting their signatures.\"It says, \"There is sufficient evidence on record to conclude that there is collusive nexus between drug manufacturers, some functionaries of CDSCO and some medical experts.\"Drug expert Dr CM Gulati says, \"This is a big scam. It has unveiled how the crucial testimonies, some as long as 500 pages were written by drug companies themselves and signed by top doctors. The DCGI does not have doctors in his staff, and so tends to believe these testimonies before allowing a drug to hit the market.\"He adds, \"In one case, letters written in March, April and May by three separate experts land up in the DCGI's officer together on the same day. Some letters read the same, word by word. These experts are supposed to give sound scientific evidence. Instead, they are working for these drug companies.\"The panel says, \"Actions by experts listed above are clearly unethical and may be in violation of the Code of Ethics of the Medical Council of India applicable to doctors. Hence, the matter should be referred to MCI for necessary action. In the case of government employed doctors, the matter must also be taken up with medical colleges/hospital authorities for suitable action. In the case involving a drug named Clevudine (Phamasset Inc), three professors of medicine - from AIIMS, KBN Medical College, Gulbarga and RG Kar Medical College, Kolkata - located at different places and thousands of miles apart from each other sent a word for word identical letters of recommendation. Besides, all of them went out of the way and gave unsolicited advice, in identical language, to the DCGI to give permission to the company to market the drug without conducting mandatory clinical trials in India.\"Letters read sameIn another case, involving Sertindole (Lundbeck), an anti-psychotic drug, three experts located at three different places (head of the department of psychiatry of Stanley Medical College, Chennai, doctor from Psychiatric Nursing Home, Ahmedabad and HoD psychiatry of LTM Medical College, Mumbai) wrote letters of recommendation in nearly word-by-word, identical language.Ironically, all of them used the incorrect form of DGCI.The Committee says, \"Is such a coincidence possible unless the person behind the scene who actually drafted the letters is one and the same person?\"Letters of opinion recommending approval for Pirfenidone of Cipla from professor of pulmonary medicine, AIIMS; a chest physician from Lilavati Hospital, Mumbai; an additional professor of pulmonary medicine from PGI, Chandigarh and a pulmonologist of Yashoda Hospital, Secunderabad, \"were all received exactly on the same day and diarized by DCGI office under consecutive references 4877, 4878, 4879 and 4880.\"\"Is the committee mistaken in coming to the conclusion that all these letters were collected by interested party from New Delhi, Mumbai, Chandigarh and Secunderabad and handed over to office of the DCGI on the same day? If so, it is obvious that the interested party was in the loop in the entire process of consultation with experts,\" the report adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13074752", "title": "Well, this gesture by corporation will quench thirst of many", "text": "COIMBATORE: All's well for the residents of Narasimhapuram in Kuniamuthur, literally as the city corporation has revived a more than 70-year-old well in the locality. Last Sunday, the corporation started pumping water from it to a nearby overhead water tank to supply residents of PK Pudur and Narasimhapuram.The well was a source of drinking water for residents in the area for a long time. But over the years, residents began to dump waste in it and the well got transformed into a garbage dump, until the city corporation decided to revive it. Two months ago, the corporation decided to revive it.The well is located next to a Vinayagar temple and a 7 Hp motor has been installed to pump the water up the overhead tank next to it with a capacity of 30,000 litres. The well is over 120 feet deep and the corporation started cleaning it about two months ago. The garbage in the well was removed and the well completely cleaned. Water samples were taken and tested before the well water was declared fit for consumption. \"The entire locality used to draw water from the well earlier. But as it was very deep, people stopped using it. Over the years, people started dumping garbage in it,\" said G Govindaraj, a senior citizen and a resident of Narasimhapuram.Narasimhapuram was supplied water from two bore wells till now. Recently, the locality was included in the city corporation. Corporation supplies drinking water to these areas once in 15 days as of now. Corporation will maintain the well from now on to ensure that it does not turn into garbage dump again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13073398", "title": "Video-conferencing service launched in commercial taxes department", "text": "PATNA: About 46 offices under commercial taxes department have been linked with the offices of deputy chief minister-cum-finance minister and the commissioner, commercial taxes, under 'Mission Mode Project'. With this, Bihar has joined the category of states to utilize video-conferencing for commercial taxes administration and for initiating e-governance in a revenue earning department.Deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi inaugurated the video-conferencing service on Wednesday and addressed the officials of the department working in various circles. He told them that henceforth all the works would be routed through the computer. From the current fiscal, he said, the filing of returns, registration, payment, auditing, reimbursement and other related services would be made online and no dealer would be required to make rounds of the offices of commercial taxes. He also told officials that now they don't have to visit the secretariat to meet their departmental minister or principal secretary and could contact them through video-conferencing.Modi said that he has suggested that video-conferencing as a productive and management tool should be used in the department to utilize the existing digital connectivity of the state government installed in VAT offices and the secretariat. Beltron, the nodal agency for IT, was entrusted with theresponsibilityto conceptualize and implement Rs 2.60 crore project as a component of Mission Mode Project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13073944", "title": "Lodge fraud case against Nirmal Baba, says Chief Judicial Magistrate", "text": "LUCKNOW: A local court on Wednesday directed Luknow police to register a case of fraud and cheating against Delhi-based self proclaimed godman Nirmal Baba alias Nirmaljeet Singh Nerula.Chief Judicial Magistrate Rajesh Upadhyaya further directed Gomitnagar police to probe the matter and submit the report in the court. The Judge cited a 1999 Supreme Court ruling and said that if a person present himself as godman capable of treating the disease by his super natural power and takes money for it, the action will fall under the category of fraud.The order came on the application of two schoolchildren Tanya Thakur (16) and her brother Aditya (13), children of IPS officer Amitabh and social activist Nutan Thakur. It was stated in the application that on April 10, 2012, they moved an application to Gomtinagar for register FIR against Nirmal Baba but the police turned them away. The children also approached the deputy inspector general of police, Lucknow, additional director general of police, UP, but to no avail.The children stated in their application that Nirmal Baba holds 'durbar' in big cities and metros. His programmes are also aired on different TV channels. The children said that they saw one of his programme on a TV channel and came to the conclusion that Nirmal Baba is cheating ordinary and poor people facing various problems in life through his improbable solutions.In its order, the court observed that the acts of Nirmal Baba are against scientific temper and rationality. \"Not only this, his acts amount to misuse of religion and spirituality. Inviting to deposit money directly in the account in order to solve problems of people is in fact amount to fraud with the society and it should be investigated. Baba's act has also influenced people of Lucknow, hence it is necessary the matter should be probed,\" the court added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "13074425", "title": "Tribals withdraw stir as forest department 'relents'", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Kolam tribals, led by social organization Shramik Elgar, withdrew their two-day-old sit-in on Wednesday.Over 150 Kolam tribals along with 40 children had marched to Chandrapur on foot on Monday from their villages Kolamguda and Piparguda in Rajura tehsil. Both the villages were destroyed and all the 30 houses of tribals in two hamlets were razed on Sunday as they were encroaching on forest department land.However, on Wednesday, Shramik Elgar president Paromita Goswami decided to take the tribals back to their native village in the jungle and forest officers voiced no objection to this decision.Around 100 tribal protesters, mostly women and children, who had walked 55km to Chandrapur, had stayed overnight at the gate of chief conservator's office, demanding their homes back. Forest officials apparently understood the plight of illiterate tribals and advised them to file claims for their land under Forest Right Act. Integrated tribal development department has approved cash aid of Rs 2,000 and food grains to each of 34 tribal families rendered homeless.Social activists and benevolent persons fed these tribal protesters for two days. However, everybody was concerned about threat of sun stroke to around two dozen breast feeding children and kids sitting in the open with their parents. As forest officials were not ready to give any permission in writing, Shramik Elgar decided to call off their agitation. The tribals declared that they would reconstruct their houses in the villages. Police officials unofficially arranged for transport of the tribals back to their villages. Forest department agreed to give back their roof-tiles and tin sheets seized from tribals.\"The encroachment removal action upon tribals was legitimate. Our records hold these tribals as encroachers staying in forest compartment no. 126 since no more than three years. The tribals have, however, claimed that they have been staying there since more than 10 years. I have asked them to file claims under Forest Right Act with necessary evidence and concerned scrutiny committee will decide over their claims,\" said CCF, Chandrapur circle, BSK Reddy.He claimed that compartment no. 126 is reserve forest hence no encroachment there could be allowed. Over 37 other families from nearby Kostala village and few from across the border in Andhra Pradesh had tried to encroach land in the same area in March. Local forest officials had somehow thwarted their move, but threat of more encroachers coming to the place prevails if these tribals stay on encroached forestland. \"It is a sensitive area as it faces threat from cross border teak felling gangs from Andhra Pradesh. We keep focused monitoring in this border area to prevent such intrusion,\" said Reddy.He also ordered to check the claim of these tribals being project affected people of Dongargaon irrigation project with collectorate. \"Such tribals are semi-nomads. They keep moving from one place to other in jungle areas in few years, hence have few legitimate documents of land they stay upon. We cannot take any favourable decision in absence of documentary evidence,\" he said.Goswami, however, lambasted forest officials for their indifferent attitude. \"Even as tribals are sitting at their gate for two days, CCF is not ready to give any written assurance. They have even turned down the demand of giving compensation to the tribals,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13073464", "title": "'Norms being ignored in sewage pipeline works'", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Residents of Sulem Sarai and adjoining localities are angry over the bad condition of road between GT Road and Bamrauli. The road has been dug up by the Ganga Pollution Control Unit for laying of sewage pipelines.Congress leader Tariq Saeed alleged the officials are not following quality norms in the laying of sewage pipelines and construction of Sewage Treatment Plant (STP). He added that the agencies entrusted with the job for executing the above work have not put up barricades at the spot raising fear of accidents. Moreover no official is present at the spot where the above work is in progress.Congress leader Mukund Tiwari said since the laying of sewage and water pipelines was started during the BSP government, agencies and contractors are trying to finish it the earliest without adhering to norms related to quality control.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13078624", "title": "Of old and new", "text": "There has been much talk in the last few years about Marathi cinema coming of age.The irony is that the first Marathi film, Dadasaheb Phalke's Raja Harishchandra, screened on May 3, 1913 at Coronation Cinema, Girgaum, was also the first full-length feature film in any Indian language. Building on this legacy, Marathi cinema came of age under the banner of the Prabhat Film Company way back in the thirties, with a series of groundbreaking films directed by V Shantaram. It was only in the '60s that the sun began to set over Marathi cinema and we entered a dark age and amnesia.The recently released film Kaksparsh (Crow Touch), based on a story by Usha Datar and directed by Mahesh Manjrekar, seeks to link itself to the Phalke legacy, with some justification perhaps. Set in the Konkan, the story covers a span of about 20 years from the thirties to the fifties and focuses on the events that follow the widowing of young Uma, daughter-in-law of the Damle family. In any other Brahmin family, this would have meant a shaven head for her, and a life of exploitation, lived in the darkest recesses of the house. But the head of the Damle family, Haridada, stands staunchly behind her, and saves her from the barber's razor.The thirties were a time when the winds of social change were blowing all across Maharashtra. Zealous reformists were looking critically at unjust social practices, particularly regarding women, and thrashing them out with the brahmin orthodoxy in public fora like the press, the stage and later, even films. The 1934 Prabhat film Amarjyoti, concerned itself with abolishing human and animal sacrifices to goddesses. Kunku, stood powerfully against the practice of young girls being married to old men. Haridada, with his protest against the practice of killing bulls in an annual sacrifice to the local goddess, and later, in allowing Uma to live a life of dignity in his home, becomes a symbol of the new society that reformists were striving to create.It comes as something of a letdown then, when we learn at the end of the film that it wasn't reformist convictions at all that had driven Haridada to protect Uma, but something altogether different, and not quite as rational. In an otherwise competent script (Girish Joshi) where the story unfolds chronologically, the flashbacks in these final scenes are hamhandedly obtrusive.The family scenes at the begninnig of the film too are rather unreal in the way that any romanticised depiction of a happy family is unreal. The women don't mind their drudgery, the men don't use their power against them, the children are cute and largely well-behaved, there's enough food to go around and enough money to send the young scion of the family (performed as a spolit, childish young man by Abhijeet Kelakr) to study law in Bombay. In Tolstoy's immortal words, 'Happy families are all alike; every unhappy family is unhappy in its own way.' So, it is only when the Damle family begins to suffer, that it looks different from the generic, Sooraj Barjatya type happy family.The real power of the film comes after this, from the dark, unexpressed emotions that tie the family in a painful knot. As director, Mahesh Manjrekar handles them with a sensitivity that he has not revealed so far in his other work. No wonder he has claimed that Kaksparsh is his best film yet.The other person who can justifiably claim it as his best yet, is Sachin Khedekar. Haridada's is a meaty role to begin with. But, supported by fine performances from Priya Bapat (Uma), Medha Manjrekar (Haridada's wife, Tara) and Sanjay Khapre (his close friend, Balwant), Khedekar takes it to another level altogether, bringing minute shades of expression into play, and adding emotional intensity to the film. The actor who brings a sweet, natural charm to it is new find Ketaki Mategaonkar, who plays the young Uma.Kaksparsh is evenly paced and shot unfussily, without too many unnecessary flourishes. Rahul Ranade's music evokes perfectly the era in which it is set. There are no fulllength songs, just snatches of women's songs traditionally sung to help lighten the burden of household chores. The much-quoted couplet from Bahinabai Chowdhary's ovi, Aare sansar sansar is repeated hauntingly through the film. Wordly life is like a tava on the fire, says the poet. It burns your hand first, before you get your bhakri. That sums up human life, then and now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13074316", "title": "Government appoints new Rajasthan State Pollution Control Board chief, transfers Asha Singh", "text": "JAIPUR: In a face-saving attempt, the government on Wednesday hurriedly issued transfer orders to additional chief secretary Asha Singh, who was earlier nominated to the post of chairperson of Rajasthan State Pollution Control Board (RSPCB). It also shifted 19 other bureaucrats.A writ petition filed in the court on Tuesday had challenged Singh's appointment and is scheduled for hearing on May 10.Challenging the appointment, the petitioner referred to Section 4 of Water Prevention and Control of Pollution Act 1974 which says that a full-time chairman with special knowledge or practical experience in matters relating to environmental protection or a person having knowledge and experience in administering institutions related to environmental protection can only be nominated for the post.A question to this regard was also raised by an MLA in the last assembly session. The government had then said that keeping in mind the vast experience of IAS officers in handling responsibilities; it appoints them to the post of chairperson of RSPCB.On Wednesday, the state government appointed Sankta Prasad, secretary in environment department as the chairperson of RSPCB. Earlier, VS Singh, additional chief secretary, forests and environment was asked to take the additional charge but he declined. The position was left vacant after Asha Singh was transferred from RSPCB after a two month stint in Jawahar Kala Kendra as director general.The state government also transferred 20 IAS officers and gave additional responsibilities to four officers.Khemraj Chaudhary is now commissioner, commercial taxes after serving at department of personnel for almost three years. Umrao Salodia, who was chairman of Rajasthan Tax Board, Ajmer has now been transferred to tribal areas development department in the capacity of additional chief secretary.Rohit R. Brandon has been transferred from department of minority affairs and Waqf and appointed chairman and managing director, SPINFED. The post was earlier held by Gurjot Kaur who has now been transferred as chief executive officer, Amber Development Authority.Dr. Malovika Pawar, who was handling the additional responsibility of revenue, colonization and sainik kalian, has been now been given permanent charge of the department. Vipin Chandra Sharma, principal secretary of technical education has been transferred to cooperatives department. The department was under Tapesh Panwar, who has been moved to food, civil supplies and consumer affairs department.OP Saini has been shifted from public works department to water resources, state water resources planning department and Indira Gandhi canal department. Manohar Kant Kalohia, who was handling the responsibilities of tribal areas development, will now look after sports and youth affairs department. The post was left vacant after Brandon had gone on deputation to New Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13074783", "title": "Inspector General of Police taken to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital after chest pain", "text": "COIMBATORE: Inspector General of Police (IGP) Pramod Kumar, one of the accused in the Paazee Forex scam, who had been lodged in Coimbatore Central Prison, suffered chest pain and was admitted in Coimbatore Medical College Hospital on Tuesday night. However, after being hospitalized for nearly 20 hours, he was discharged and returned back to the prison.Pramod Kumar was lodged in the annex cell which is situated near the women's prison in the Coimbatore central prison campus on Tuesday evening. Around 9 pm, he experienced chest pain and informed the warders that he needed to go to hospital. He was immediately taken to the prison hospital where it is found that his blood pressure was abnormal. He was shifted to the intensive care unit at CMCH. On Wednesday afternoon, he was shifted back to the prison hospital.\"Our cardiologist attended to him and prescribed some medicines for him. Later his health condition became stable. So he was discharged from our hospital and later handed over to prison authorities,\" said P Sivaprakasam, Resident Medical Officer (RMO), CMCH.Pramod Kumar had expressed his concern over sharing space with the same anti-social elements that he had helped lodge in prison. Thus he has been lodged in a separate cell, a prison official said.Pramod Kumar's bail petition has been posted for hearing on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13072617", "title": "Class XII science results today", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board (GSHSEB) will declare class XII results for the engineering and biology streams on Thursday. The results will be put up on the board website at 8 am. The overall results this year, according to board officials has marginally improved. The education minister and senior board officials will interact with students at the Sanskar Kendra in Tagore Hall in Paldi area.The same day the results of Gujarat Common Entrance Test (GUJCET) exams too will be declared by the education department. As far as the class 12 students will get their marksheets from their respective schools on May 14, according to a board missive which was sent to all schools.In a second year running the GSHSEB has desisted from felicitating toppers of board exams as a matter of principle. \"Students may face inferiority complex and this year too we have not brought out the special booklet with name of toppers,\" says a senior board officials.In all total number of 1.10 lakh students had taken the exams. The total pass percentage this year is expected to be between 70 and 72 per cent as compared to last year when it was 69.16 per cent. \"Except for the Mathematics paper the rest of the papers were easier according to senior board officials, which have reflected in the results. Out of the 1.1 lakh students who took exams 72.37 per cent belonged to the engineering stream, which is the 'A' group while 61.93 per cent students belong to the biology stream or 'B' group.The GSHSEB exams were conducted on March 5, a month later the board held the GUJCET exams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13073956", "title": "Court penalizes banks in case of cheque bouncing", "text": "KANPUR: Special metropolitan magistrate (Kanpur Nagar) J P Agarwal on Wednesday dismissed four complaints of banks under the Negotiable Instruments Act and imposed a fine of Rs 2,000 in each case.The presiding judge also observed that the fine should be deducted from the respective officers' salary and be deposited in the court by the head of the branch within 30 days. The penalized banks are United Co-operative Bank, Kotak Mahindra Bank and the Central Bank of India.The judge passed the above order when he found that there were four cases of cheque bouncing filed by the banks in between 2005 to 2010 and thereafter no one, not even the bank counsels, turned up in the court to look after the cases. The cases were: United Co-operative Bank v/s Prashant Kumar, Kotak Mahindra Bank v/s Anju and Central Bank of India v/s Rajendra Kumar.The judge, in his order said: \"Courts are not letter box. If someone files a case, then he must take care of that. The courts should take strong steps to check such type of practice. Advocates' work was not mere filing the case they have to take care of that too.\"In present cases, no one turned up after filing the cases. Banks had public money and that should not be wasted, hence respective bank officials must be punished for their lethargic attitude. Therefore, in the interest of justice, the court was imposing a fine of Rs 2,000 on respective bank officials, it was observed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13074041", "title": "Senior cop gets flak for his'support' to honour killing", "text": "LUCKNOW: A senior IPS officer invited the wrath of the National Commission of Women (NCW) on Wednesday after he was caught on camera supporting honour killings. While chief minister Akhilesh Yadav has sought a report about the comments made by Saharanpur DIG Satish Kumar Mathur while dealing a case of honour killing in Muzaffarnagar, it has led to much political squabbling here. Additional DG (law and order) Jagmohan Yadav has already issued a notice Mathur, seeking his explanation.DIG Mathur was in Muzafarnagar on Tuesday when one Shaukeen Mohammed of Kaserwa village along with dozens of fellow villagers approached him. Handing over a detailed complaint, Mohamnmed requested the DIG to order for recovery of his 14-year-old daughter who was kidnapped by a local goon and his aides two months ago. Mohammad told the DIG that it took him almost a month to get his case registered and now another month has passed, but no action has been initiated against the accused. Mohamamd said the accused have criminal cases pending against him and though he promised that he would marry his daughter, he was afraid that his daughter might be raped and murdered.It was here that the DIG said: \"....Meri beti ya bahen hoti to main yaa to khud mar jaata...ya phir unko goli maar deta...\" (Had it been my daughter or sister, I would have either ended my life ... or shot them dead). Coming at a time when the issue of honor killing has already emerged as a menace particularly in Western UP, the DIG's statement came as an ammunition for the Opposition parties who have already trained their guns at the SP government for poor law and order situation. Social activists and the people in general too joined the chorus expressing anguish over Mathur's views.While the NCW chairperson Mamta Sharma has demanded suspension of the DIG, Bahujan Samaj Party state president Swami Prasad Maurya said that the DIG's statement reflected the state of affairs prevailing in Uttar Pradesh. Rakesh Tikait, the general secretary of Bharatiya Kisan Union, has also threatened an agitation in case the police failed to recover the girl and initiated action against the accused. Union minister of state for home Jitendra Singh too told reporters in Delhi that though law and order was a state subject and so there was little that the Centre could do in the issue, the ministry had sought a report on the entire issue from the UP government.Meanwhile, ADG (law &amp; order and crime) Jagmohan Yadav has already issued a notice to the DIG seeking specifics of the entire issue. \"Irrespective of what the circumstances were, such a statement by any policeman or officer cannot be justified at all,\" he said on Wednesday clarifying the state government's stand on the issue. \"A fact-finding committee headed by an inspector general of police (IGP) can be instituted into the entire issue if needed,\" he said.Honor killing has been a deep rooted menace particularly in Western Uttar Pradesh with Muzaffarnagar district having the dubious distinction of registering maximum number of such incidents. The frequency of such incidents can be gauged from the fact that when the DIG was making the statement in Muzaffarnagar, around the same time Deepa (18) was hammered to death by his cousin Vipin allegedly in the name of saving the family's honour in Kaseru Baxer village under Inchauli police station of adjoining Meerut district.The fact that Vipin is a second year student of management at a reputed institute in Meerut and walked into the local police station to inform the police about the murder and surrender himself, provides a gory glimpse of the extent of acceptability that the menace of honor killing has attained in the region.After his surrender, Vipin told the police that his cousin had eloped with a local youth Bhure about two months ago. His father lodged an FIR with the Ichauli police following which Deepa was recovered and Bhure sent to jail. Deepa was sent to the women's home and was handed over to the safe custody of her uncle Ram Naresh who is an employee of the Meerut Nagar Nigam, living in the same village. Vipin said that the family had arranged for the marriage of Deepa and three days ago a family had come to see her. But she was not ready for marriage. On Tuesday, Vipin and Deepa were alone in the house when he spotted her trying to hang herself from the ceiling of the room. He was quick to foil her attempt to commit suicide.However Deepa allegedly threatened that she would end her life and implicate her uncle and his entire family in the case leaving behind a suicide note that they were responsible for her death. This left Vipin so enraged that he allegedly kept attacking her with an iron rod till she breathed her last. \"I knew she could have done what she was threatening to, and in that case my entire family would have landed in jail. So I decided to bring an end to this and take everything on myself,\" he told the police as he led them to his house where Deepa's body was recovered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13072732", "title": "Women-run home shops a huge hit", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The home shop project started by the Kudumbasree Mission two years ago seems to have etched a success story in ensuring permanent market for products made by its micro enterprises in the district.Besides this, it has also been able to provide stable income to its women members.The project, launched on an experimental basis in the Panthalayani block panchayat, now has 280 persons working as home shop owners in the 27 grama panchayats and two municipalities of Vadakara and Koyilandy. Currently, the mission is able to sell products worth Rs 30 lakh a month from the home shops.Under the scheme, a member is selected from each ward whose residence act as a home shop. The shop acts as marketing front for the various products made by the Kudumbasree units.The marketing management team members 'Sabarmathi' has been entrusted with the procurement and distribution of the products.The home shop owner will take order or visit houses to sell its products.K K Muhammed Faizal, Kudumbasree district mission co-coordinator, said that the mission has set target monthly revenue of Rs 1 crore from the home shop marketing. \"We are also planning to popularize various homemade food items such as idli and puttu powder,\"he said.The mission has also launched a two-month-long district-level campaign to popularize its various products distributed through these shops. The major products sold through the home shop include soaps, hair oil, lotions, and tooth powders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "13072824", "title": "20-yr-old fake cop held in Bicholim for extortion", "text": "BICHOLIM: Bicholim police on Wednesday arrested Rudraksha Bharat Lamgaonkar for impersonating a cop and trying to extort money.The incident occurred at the junction of Shri Shantadurga High School, Bicholim.The 20-year-old Lamgaonkar, a resident of Gaonkarwada in Bicholim, stopped a container truck and barging into the cabin demanded to see the licence and documents.He further demanded 1,000 from the driver, Mohammad Hussain, a native of UP, explained DySP Gajanan Prabhudesai and PI Ninad Deulkar.Lamgaonkar, police said, told Hussain that if he didn't pay up he would be arrested and thrown in jail.Doubting Lamgaonkar's credentials, Hussain asked to see an identity card. When the 'cop' deferred showing him the same, the driver got down from the vehicle and began screaming for help.A passing police jeep, sensing something amiss, arrived at the spot and caught Lamgaonkar when Hussain explained what had happened.Lamgaonkar has been arrested under Section 170 (impersonating a public servant), 341 (wrongful restraint) and 384 (extortion) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).He will be produced before the judicial magistrate first class (JMFC) court for remand on Thursday.The police team that apprehended Lamgaonkar included PSI Girendre Naik, constable Anil Sawant and driver Rohidas Gaonkar. PSI Razak Shaikh is investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13075065", "title": "Food and Drugs Administration seizes 500 kg mangoes being artificially ripened", "text": "PUNE: The Food and Drugs Administration (FDA) officials seized 500 kg mangoes worth Rs 25,000 that were being ripened with the use of a chemical called calcium carbide during a raid at a shop of a mango trader in Shukrawar Peth on Tuesday.The seized mangoes were destroyed at a dumping ground, while the chemical samples were sent to a city-based public health laboratory for further investigations.Pradnya Surse, food safety officer, FDA, who was part of the team of four FDA officials conducting the raid, said, \"The trader was using the chemical to ripen mangoes. Calcium carbide is banned because it is detrimental to health if consumed in a large quantity. It is said to affect the eyes and cause cancer.\"She said the team recovered three small pouches of the chemical (approximately weighing 20 gm each) from the spot. \"Such pouches are usually kept with raw mangoes to ripen the fruits. The FDA conducts such raids every mango season,\" she added.Chandrashekhar Salunke, joint commissioner (food), FDA, said, \"Artificial ripening by using carbide is banned under the Prevention of Food Adulteration Act (PFA). The chemical, if consumed in large quantities, damages internal organs. Legal action will be taken against the defaulter once the lab results are out. The maximum fine in case of compounding is Rs 1 lakh, while that in case of adjudication is Rs 10 lakh.\"D P Nerkar, a food technologist, said, \"Calcium carbide and its crystals are toxic and are banned by the government, because poisonous chemicals should not be used around food. Calcium carbide reacts with the moisture in the air and produces acetylene which is similar to ethylene used for ripening mangoes.\"The Food Safety and Standards Authority of India says on its website, \"Chemicals like calcium carbide/ ethephon and oxytocin are reportedly being used in fruit and vegetable 'mandis'/ farms for artificial ripening of fruits and for increasing the size of fruits and vegetables. Calcium carbide, more commonly known as 'masala', is a carcinogenic agent and banned under Rule 44-AA of PFA Rules, 1955.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13073274", "title": "Mercury crosses 40A\u00b0C, makes city squirm", "text": "LUDHIANA: The rising mercury sent residents running for shelter on Wednesday as it crossed 40 degrees celsius, three degrees higher than normal, for the first time this season. However, relative humidity was normal at 50% in the morning and 16-20% in the evening.Kulwinder Kaur Gill, associate agro-meteorologist at Punjab Agriculture University (PAU) said, \"The temperature on Wednesday was 40.6 degrees celsius, the highest yet this summer. Because the temperature is higher than normal we expect windstorm or rain before the weekend. Relative humidity will rise after the sowing of paddy crop.''Manpreet Matharoo of Janta Nagar, who had to go to the Model Town market on Wednesday for some work, said the heat wave hit her hard so she did not linger around at the market as she usually likes to. \"As soon as my work was done, I head home. I am taking a lot of fluids so that my body can adjust to the heat,'' he said. Civil Lines-resident Aarti Aggarwal, a homemaker, said, \"The mercury soared on Wednesday so I preferred to stay home. We also had to turn on the air conditioners. I am serving a lot of juices, fruits and water to deal with the heat.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13074540", "title": "High court blasts government over Shegaon shrine", "text": "The High Court on Wednesday blasted the Maharashtra government for its failure to develop roads and infrastructure leading to the famous Shegaon shrine. A division bench comprising justices Bhushan Dharmdhikari and Ashok Bhangale asked the Amravati divisional commissioner's office as to why they wait for court's orders every time when it comes to development works.The judges expressed their deep anguish over divisional commissioner's affidavit which blamed the Jeevan Pradhikaran, BSNL , MSEDCL and other government agencies for delay in laying of new roads for over eight months.Earlier, amicus curiae Firdos Mirza and petitioner's counsel Anil Kilor pointed out that the government was absolutely not serious about development of the place and cite excuses for delay in work. The court's stern directives came while hearing a petition filed by two citizens of Shegaon - Anandilal Bhutada and Suresh Jaipuriya - who alleged gross neglect by the government towards the shrine, one of the popular pilgrimage places in India which is thronged by lakhs of visitors every year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13073525", "title": "Sale of cut fruits an invitation to ailments during summers", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Fruits are ideal eatables during summer. But, the same fruits can prove harmful if they are kept under unhygienic conditions. The cut fruits being sold on the roadside in the city are an open invitation to ailments, especially those related to stomach.Several vendors can be seen selling cut fruits on the roadside at Kutchehry, UP Board office, high court, Loknath, Medical College crossing, Bairana etc. During lunch time, scores of people feed themselves on these cut fruits, oblivious of the fact that these are a serious health hazard. Reason being that vendors do not clean or cover the fruits properly.\"We carry out random checking drive against uncovered eatables. We will crack down on vendors selling 'unhygienic' eatables. Cut fruits, salad and uncovered food is openly being sold in every market, outside schools, cinema halls and corporate offices would be included in the drive\", said chief food inspector Hari Mohan Srivastava.\"There is an increase in number of patients suffering with stomach ailments and many patients are from the urban areas,\" said Manisha Dwivedi, head of gastroenterology department, MLN Medical College. Many of these patients often eat roadside eateries and consume fruits, salad and other eatables sold openly in market, she added. Students too are major consumers of these eatables, she said.The sale of cut fruits and uncovered eatables is going unchecked in many areas and thereby threatening human lives with contagious diseases like typhoid, cholera and gastroenteritis, said Dr Dwivedi. \"Be it school, colleges, high court or even hospitals, all are vulnerable points for anyone to get affected by one or the other ailments caused by these open eateries\", said Dwivedi.Prof SP Mishra, also from gastroenterology department, MLN Medical College said consumption of open eatables is not only dangerous, but poisonous too. \"Fuel pollution which has harmful gases, carbon fumes, besides dust in the atmosphere settles down on cut fruits and uncovered eatables. There are flies and mosquitoes which spread diseases like gastro, typhoid and cholera, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13074086", "title": "Indore Municipal Corporation removes 130 hoardings in 3 days", "text": "INDORE: Driven by its need to enrich the coffers, Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) finally resolves to remove illegal hoardings from within the city limits and jack up its revenue. Till recently the drive was limited to ring road and outskirts. According to the estimate of the civic body, the revenue will shot up by Rs 1 to 1.5 crore following its crackdown on illegal hoardings. In the last three days, it has managed to remove around 130 hoardings from the city.Deputy commissioner (licence), R S Sanger said, \"In the last three days we have cut and seized around 50 hoardings from Ring Roads, Rajendra Nagar and Collectorate areas, besides, nearly 90 hoardings have been removed by the owners, fearing action by IMC.\"In a recent survey conducted by civic body, revealed there are around 150 illegal hoardings on government's land. Officials believe that even after removing 130 illegal hoardings still there are hundred others located in different parts of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13073854", "title": "Senior Uttar Pradesh police officer backs honour killing", "text": "LUCKNOW: A worried father, whose 14-year-old daughter was kidnapped two months ago, approached a top Uttar Pradesh police officer on Tuesday for help fearing she might end up marrying the goon. Far from acting against the criminal, Saharanpur DIG Satish Kumar Mathur snapped back, \"Meri beti ya behen hoti toh yaa to khud mar jaata ya phir unko goli maar deta (If it had been my sister or daughter, I'd have either killed myself or shot them dead.)\"It wasn't an expression of helpless rage caught on camera for the whole nation to see; the message was that even he, a senior government functionary, would have no face left to show if his teenage daughter was kidnapped. Coming from someone who is expected to uphold the rule of law, more so in a state that has among the worst records of honour killing, this would count as an act of delinquency difficult to surpass.While chief minister Akhilesh Yadav has sought a report about the comments made by the Saharanpur DIG, the National Commission of Women (NCW) condemned the officer's remark made to one Shaukeen Mohammed of Kaserwa village who, along with dozens of fellow villagers, had approached him for help.Mohammed had requested DIG Mathur on Tuesday to help recover his teenage daughter kidnapped by a local goon two months ago. He said it took him almost a month to get the case registered and now another month had passed with no action against the accused.The distressed father said the accused has criminal cases pending against him and although he promised to marry his daughter, he feared she might be raped and murdered.DIG Mathur's statement came as ammunition for the Opposition which has been attacking the SP government for UP's poor law and order.Social activists too joined the chorus. NCW chairperson Mamta Sharma demanded suspension of the DIG. BSP state president Swami Prasad Maurya said DIG Mathur's statement reflected the state of affairs in UP. Rakesh Tikait, the general secretary of Bharatiya Kisan Union, threatened an agitation if the police failed to recover the girl.Union minister of state for home Jitendra Singh told reporters in Delhi that the ministry had sought a report on the issue from the UP government. ADG (law &amp; order and crime) Jagmohan Yadav issued a notice to the DIG seeking explanation.\"Irrespective of the circumstances, such statement by an officer can't be justified,\" he said. Honour killing is a deep rooted menace particularly in western UP, with Muzaffarnagar district particularly notorious for the social evil.I was quoted out of context, says Saharanpur DIGIn a late evening development, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav summoned the chief secretary and the director general of police on Wednesday. Although the agenda of the meeting could not be known, speculations were that the CM took up the issue related to the Saharanpur DIG's statement about honour killing.Earlier in the evening, SP president Mulayam Singh Yadav feigned ignorance over the entire controversy when the media approached him for his comment on the issue in Delhi. \"This question was put to me earlier also. I don't know about it that in what context had he made such a comment. We will respond only after knowing what he has said,\" the SP chief said.DIG Satish Kumar Mathur however has a different story to narrate. He alleged that his words were being quoted out of context. The 1990 batch IPS officer is reported to have told his superiors in Lucknow that the media was taking into account only a part of the statement.According to sources, Mathur told his bosses:\" ... Main to praarthi se sahanbhuti vyakt kar raha tha... Prarthi ne kaha ki jald se jald maamle mein karyavahi karva dijiye... Humne kaha mera bus chale to hum chaubees ghante mein ladki baramad karwa dein ... jiski ladki jaati hai uske liye to bade sharam ki baat ho jaati hai ... ... agar meri bahen ya beti ne yeh kiya hota to.... ya to main apni jaan de deta ya unko goli mar deta ...\"(I was sympathizing with the complainant ...He requested me for early action...I said had it been in my hands, I would get the girl back within 24 hours ... I said that such an incident is devastating for the family.... Had it been my sister or daughter, I would have had either ended my life or shot the accused).In his clarification, the DIG reportedly said that in the presence of the complainant himself, he directed the Muzaffarnagar police to work out the case and ensure that the girl was recovered within the next two days. He said this part of his statement can be verified by the complainant himself. He is believed to have clarified that had he been angry with the complainant (as being reportedly alleged by the media) he would not have directed the Muzaffarnagar police to work out the case within two days.The controversy over DIG's alleged statement was still peaking when an additional superintendent of police expressed his views over incidents of young girls being allegedly kidnapped. Sant Kabir Nagar ASP Dharmendra Kumar was interacting with the media when he said \"In more than 70 per cent of the cases, we find that the girl had eloped with the accused herself .... such cases take a substantial time of our work .... at times we find it difficult to decide whether to recover the girl or trace thieves and robbers.\"Chairperson NCW said she had already written a letter to the UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav seeking action against the insensitive DIG. \"If need be, we may also send a team to Saharanpur for a first-hand account of the entire incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13065656", "title": "Nandana Sen is a big turn on, says Jaaved Jaaferi", "text": "Jaaved Jaaferi is well-known for his acting skills and his amazing wit and humour. But, these days the talented actor is enjoying his red hot chemistry and on screen liplock with Nandana Sen more than anything else!The actor, who will be appearing in Ashwin Kumar's upcoming thriller, The Forest, is quite gung-ho about his intimate scenes with sultry Nandana, which the buzz claims, are ready to set the 70 mm screen ablaze.What's brewing?Insiders reveal that the two actors share great on screen chemistry that seems to come very naturally to both of them. \"A particular scene shows Jaaved and Nandana in an intimate position while their teenage boy watches them. The two actors pulled this scene off effortlessly because of their great on screen chemistry,\" revealed our source.Haute confessionsRag Jaaved about this hot new connection, and he says, \"Well, the excitement of the olfactory senses are a prerequisite for the intimacy. So, A - Nandana always smells wonderful, and B - her being extremely attractive - definitely adds to it. She's a big turn on! So, doing the scene was a cakewalk!\"Forgotten resolutionsRemind Jaaved about his earlier resolution about never doing such scenes on screen, and he says with disarming honesty,\"I readily agreed to it because when Nandana came in front of me, I suffered a short-term memory loss about my earlier statements. Of course, it was my wife Habeeba who brought me back to reality, only after completing the scene though.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13072882", "title": "Gurgaon beats Bangalore in Net race: Census", "text": "GURGAON: An internet revolution in India may be a long way off, but Gurgaon has taken the giant leap forward. The cyber city has high internet penetration, living up to its billing as the Millennium City. More households in Gurgaon log on to the Net than any district in the country. It has even beaten India's Silicon Valley , Bangalore, in the digital race.Census 2011 says the household penetration of the internet in Gurgaon is 20.9%. This is way above the national average of 10%.Gurgaon has a better score than even IT hubs Bangalore and Hyderabad and has overtaken mega cities like Delhi and Mumbai. The census says of the 3,20,000 households in Gurgaon, over 1,02,000 have computers and more than 67,000 are internet-enabled. Experts attribute Gurgaon's Net revolution to its large concentration of techies and professionals.\"Most residents are employed in the IT and telecom companies and this explains the rising number of internet users,\" said Ibrahim Ahmed of Cyber Media , a research firm.Housing societies and residential colonies have also played their part, striking exclusive deals with internet service providers (ISPs) and offering 'broadband-ready' apartments. \"Realtors are partnering Net service providers to offer free installation in newly built flats,\" said Ahmed.Rajesh Charria, president of the Internet Service Providers of India, said 65% of the users are from the GenNext. \"I am optimistic that internet penetration will rise in the next five years in Gurgaon,\" he said.Tech pundits predict that broadband will follow the same course as mobile telephony. But ISPs and telecom firms are still struggling to tap the rural markets, where broadband penetration is very low. In rural Gurgaon, of the 88,000 registered households, only 1.8% are connected.Charria said the Centre's new scheme-Bharat Broadband Network-will be able to bridge the digital divide. The scheme aims to connect at least 500 million users by 2020. Gurgaon deputy commissioner P C Meena, who also heads the district's IT Society, said the rising popularity of the internet will facilitate the state's new e-government schemes. \"We will like to strengthen our e-governance infrastructure and introduce new internet-based initiatives,\" he said. The Haryana government is also setting up a new data centre in Chandigarh and moving some of its departmental processes on a cloud-based model.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13074159", "title": "Licences of 5 sonography centres suspended", "text": "JAIPUR: Buoyed by the presence of actor Aamir Khan who visited the city on Wednesday to plead for speedy trial of female feticide cases in the state, the district administration swung into action and suspended licences of five sonography centres here.Taking stern action against the centres which were found violating the Pre-Conception and Pre-Natal and Diagnostic (PCPNDT) Act 1994, which prevent sex determination and female feticide, the district administration also seized records of the five sonography centres.\"These centres were found violating the PCPNDT Act. Those hospitals and sonography centres violating the Act will not be spared. More action through surprise raids will be conducted in next few days by the district administration,\" district collector Navin Mahajan said.The centres which faced action are RN Diagnostics Centre and Shefali Hospital in Vidhyadhar Nagar, Soma Maternity and Child hospital in Khatipura, Lifeline in Brahmpuri, Dr Yasmeen Syed Clinic in Ramganj Bazaar.\"These sonograhpy centres did not submit the monthly records of the sonography to the chief medical and health officer's office which is compulsory as per the PCPNDT Act,\" a district administration official said.The records should contain personal details of each patients on which sonography are conducted at the centre. There is a Form F in which a patient has to fill the information which including how many children she has, age and details of pre-natal medical tests.Mahajan also conducted a meeting with chief medical health officer (CMHO Jaipur I) O P Thankan and CMHO (Jaipur II) Yatinder Singh and attended by other district administration and medical, health and family welfare department officials to focus on the steps to be taken for preventing female feticide in the city.\"From now on, we have decided to take a compulsory pledge from couples who come for marriage registration that they will never go for sex determination of their fetus,\" Mahajan said.Married couples will have to take a pledge in writing that they would not be involved in sex determination and will not differentiate between a girl and a boy in every respect including education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13075377", "title": "National award for Keonjhar nurse", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A 50-year-old female health worker from Keonjhar district has bagged this year's National Florence Nightingale Award. The health worker, Udasi Sahoo, is posted at a state-run community health centre (CHC) at Childa in Patna block, an official release said.President Pratibha Patil will present the coveted award to Udasi at the Rashtrapati Bhawan on International Nurses' Day on May 12, the release read. The award carries cash reward of 50,000, a certificate and a medal.The award is given as a mark of recognition for excellence in nursing profession. Sahoo, who is a skilled birth attendant, has conducted 309 institutional deliveries in the last one year and was able to identify and handle 34 high risk pregnancies. At least 10 neonatal lives have been saved be her, the official release said. State health and family welfare minister Prasanna Acharya greeted her on being nominated for the honour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13073145", "title": "Top surgeon blames government for human organ trafficking", "text": "HYDERABAD: Holding the state government responsible for the kidney racket unearthed in the city recently, former chairman of the Indian Society of Organ Transplantation Dr A Gopal Kishan said that due to inactive government, the human organ trafficking is going on unchecked. He urged the government to give a fillip to cadaver transplants and impose a ban on unrelated transplants in the state.During a press briefing on Wednesday, Dr Kishan, who is the first surgeon to have performed a kidney transplant at a government hospital (Osmania Hospital) in 1982, said there would be financial dealing behind 98% of the unrelated transplant cases. All the hospitals were violating norms in a certain way, he said.Narrating a recent incident that happened at a city-based corporate hospital, he said that a kidney was irresponsibly dumped by a hospital because of its insistence that the transplantation be performed in their centre itself. \"The patient could not afford the huge cost at the corporate hospital. Unwilling to give the kidney to another center, where the patient was undergoing treatment, they threw it in the dustbin,\" he rued. He urged the government to adopt Spanish model that has the unique distinction of shortest waiting period for all transplantable organs in the world. Further, he suggested equitable distribution of harvested organs. \"In Hyderabad, there are just a couple of hospitals where most of the harvested organs go. But this is not the accepted criteria,\" he said.Ever since the Human Organ Transplantation Act (HOTA) came into being in 1995, the transplants have dropped by a drastic 50% in India. Now, about 2,000 to 3,000 transplants are happening in the country. But despite the reduction in the numbers, the government is not clear as to where and how many transplants are being performed. \"The screening process adopted by the authorization committee that gives permission for transplants is not foolproof and many donors are posing as relatives of the patients for money,\" he said adding that the malpractices are taking place due to the loopholes in the HOTA Act.According to Dr Kishan, there is a need for about three lakh kidneys in India annually. \"Over 1.2 lakh people die of road accidents in India. State government should show commitment in implementing the Jeevandan scheme. But unfortunately, the government focuses only on schemes that garner votes,\" he said.He said that though CBI took over the investigation into the multi-billion Gurgaon kidney scandal, which was unearthed in 2008, the report has not been released yet. \"From 1995 when the Act came into being, not even one doctor was punished. The culprits must be exposed and stringent punishment should be given. If Dr Ramesh Chada of Gandhi Hospital is proven guilty, his licence should be cancelled,\" insisted Dr Kishan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13072808", "title": "\u2018Gabbar Singh\u2019 uniform offends police officers", "text": "HYDERABAD: Salman Khan-starrer 'Dabangg' remake in Telugu 'Gabbar Singh' with Pawan Kalyan in the lead has come under fire from the AP Police Officers Association.'Gabbar Singh' is set for release on May 11 but the police officers association on Tuesday raised objection to the manner in which Pawan Kalyan is shown in police uniform - with all the shirt buttons open. The red headband that he wears, with the uniform, has also angered police officers.\"The look of the actor in police uniform with all the buttons open has tarnished the image of the police. It is an insult and cannot be tolerated,\" AP Police Officers Association president K V Chalapathi Rao said.Chalapathi Rao also spoke to Central Board of Film Certification (CBFC) regional officer A Dhanalakshmi and asked that the film be shown to the association so that they could exactly specify their objections. Dhanalakshmi, however, did not accept the request but told them that the film would be certified as per the rules.\"We have seen the film posters which have come up everywhere and the promos of the movie are also on television. That is not the way a police officer should have been portrayed,\" Chalapathi Rao said.Rao said the association will think of taking 'appropriate action' if the film has any objectionable portrayal of the police.Though the original 'Dabangg' had no problems with the police anywhere in the country, the AP Police Officers Association said it was not concerned about that.\"We have an objection to the portrayal of the police in 'Gabbar Singh' and our objections cannot be treated lightly,\" Chalapathi Rao said. 'Gabbar Singh' has been produced by Bandla Ganesh and is directed by Harish Shankar.In the past, when the A P Police Officers Association took objection to the title of the movie 'Policeodi Pellam', it was changed to 'Police Bharya' later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13073276", "title": "Gas agency aids cops in nabbing fraudster", "text": "CHENNAI: A 33-year-old woman, on the run for three years after allegedly cheating several people of 35 lakh, was nabbed on Wednesday with the help of a LPG agency. She was later remanded in judicial custody.In 2009, police said, M Gajalakshmi of Kaladipet near Tiruvottiyur collected money from many Tiruvottiyur residents, promising huge returns for their deposits. For two months, the depositors got the promised returns. Then the money stopped and the victims approached the police. Gajalakshmi went into hiding.The Central Crime Branch (CCB), which was given the case, recently came to know that her only point of contact was the LPG agency from where she had been taking gas cylinders.A CCB team then made inquiries at Arun gas agency in Arumbakkam and were told that Gajalakshmi often came in person and collected the cylinders. As per police instructions, the delivery boy went to her house and delivered the cylinder on Tuesday and informed the police. On Wednesday morning, police teams went to Kuzhumanivakkam near Mangadu and arrested Gajalakshmi.During questioning, Gajalakshmi admitted to the crime and said she was in Mangadu for two years after vacating her house in Kaladipet in 2009. Last year, she again shifted to Kuzhumanivakkam.Gajalakshmi told investigating officers that after her father Mani, an employee of Aavin, died and the family was in bad shape, she devised a plan to earn easy money. She launched a 'Reliance Money Scheme,' including a retiring plan, women's plan and insurance plan, and collected sums ranging from 20,000 to 40,000. She promised returns of 4,000-8,000 every month. She gave two months interest to all depositors before disappearing with the money, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13073839", "title": "Madhya Pradesh's jumbo problem: Transporting tuskers from Karnataka", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh is searching for a fix to a \"jumbo-sized problem\" in transporting 11 jumbos from far off Karnataka to its national parks for protecting its tigers.Six months ago, the Karnataka government decided to part with 11 pachyderms and permitted MP government to transport them to its parks. Subsequently, the state forest department floated the tenders twice to get a transporter to bring world's biggest herbivores by road, but in a vain.Then, they hit upon an idea of carting the tuskers by rail transport, but animal care experts advised against the move. They said that elephants might turn violent due to constant noises and jerks of goods train during the long journey from the southern state to central India.Now, the forest department is contemplating to float a tender for the third time. This time tender would comprise negotiations as well. \"We are going to talk to the interested transporters this time round to accomplish the task of bringing the elephants to MP,\" Bandhavgarh reserve deputy field director Mridul Pathak said.\"We plan to transport pachyderms during the onset of Monsoon given the weather turns friendly at that time, \"he added.State forest department will seek Karnataka government's permission for 10 more elephants, he said adding \"We have already identified these pachyderms as well.\"Of the pack of 11 tuskers proposed to find a new home in Madhya Pradesh, four are from Dubare camp, Kaveri. This foursome had been an attraction of 2011 Mysore Dussehra. The state's parks are facing shortage of elephants for patrolling in tiger reserves.Last year, forest minister Sartaj Singh had talks with his counterpart in Karnataka and evinced interest in getting a few jumbos. After the Karnataka minister agreed, a team of forest department officials went to Karnataka and identified the elephants.Karnataka forest minister C P Yogeshwar and Singh are in constant touch over elephants' issue, an official said. They maintained that up keep of elephants was not a problem and these elephants can munch their way through the large swath of grasses and other vegetation in the parks.According to a report, Karnataka doesn't want to spend huge money on an elephant upkeep and mahouts salary. The report quoting top Karnataka forest department official said his department is spending Rs 1.3 lakh for each tusker's upkeep, including food annually. Salary of mahouts and their assistants are not included in this, it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13074920", "title": "Builder's petition in Manjari land scam case dismissed", "text": "PUNE: Additional sessions judge V K Shewale recently dismissed the criminal revision petition of builder Pradeep Amrutlal Runwal, one of the accused in the Manjari land scam.Judge Shewale ordered Runwal, managing director of Amrut Runwal Multi Housing Private Limited Company, to deposit Rs 5,000 with the Pune district legal services authority. He also directed the magisterial court to expedite the case on a daily basis.The crime branch, Pune, had registered a case against Runwal and 10 others for allegedly preparing forged powers of attorney pertaining to 108 acres of land owned by 377 farmers on October 26, 2007. The chargesheet against them was filed in 2008.A magisterial court had rejected Runwal's discharge plea on August 28, 2008. The builder then filed a criminal revision petition in the district and sessions court that he be discharged from the case on the grounds that the charges against him were baseless. The petition came up for final hearing before judge Shewale.Runwal had purchased 108 acres of land at Manjari to undertake a project worth Rs 60 crore. He sought discharge on the grounds that the land on 40 acres was undisputed and the title and land continued to vest with the farmers and that they had not yet suffered financial losses.According to Runwal, the Deutsche Bank from where he had obtained a huge loan to develop the property at Manjari, did not have complaints against him. He had also argued that the charges of forgery were not tenable because the bank had not suffered financial loss and that no wrongful gain was received by his construction firm.Runwal submitted that the offence pertaining to forgery was committed by his former employee, Shivaji Chowgule, and pleaded that he be discharged from the case due to lack of evidence.Additional public prosecutor Kashinath Dighe asked that the petition be dismissed since there was sufficient evidence to point to the complicity of Runwal in the alleged scam.Judge Shewale observed that from the material collected by the investigating officer, it is alleged that the petitioner (Runwal) and others had forged the powers of attorney, which had been notarised by a notary who is also a suspect in the scam.Dismissing the petition, he held that Runwal and the others had committed an offence of cheating and forgery as they had got executed 95 sale deeds of 68 acres at Manjari and had mortgaged the property to obtain a loan from the bank. \"The police seized the forged sale deeds from Runwal's office on October 28, 2007. The farmers, who were shown as vendors in the sale deeds, have not executed powers of attorney in favour of suspect Shivaji Chowgule,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13074428", "title": "3 elephants die at Nagarahole", "text": "MYSORE: In less than two days, three female elephants have died of natural causes at Nagarahole national park. Two elephants, which were undergoing treatment, died on Wednesday.Project elephant field director and CCF Ajai Misra told TOI that the elephants were ailing for some time now and were under treatment at Anechowkur range. Another female elephant was found dead on Monday in D B Kuppe range.Nagarhole forest veterinarian Dr K S Umashankar said a 20-year-old elephant was suffering from metritis while another, aged 18, had colic pain. The body of the 18-year-old elephant, which found dead on Monday, was in decomposed state.Samples have been sent for examination to confirm the cause of death, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13072296", "title": "Onion farmers stage agitation", "text": "NASHIK: Activists of Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghatana (SSS) on Thursday staged a rasta roko agitation on Yeola-Vinchur Road in Nashik district to petition the state government to introduce a market intervention scheme and a minimum support price (MSP) for onions, causing a traffic jam that lasted around one and a half hours.Around 300 farmers, led by Nashik district chief of the SSS Govind Pagar and Yeola tehsil chief Shravan Deore participated in the agitation. Afterwards, a delegation of farmers met the tehsildar of Yeola and presented him with a memorandum of demands.Speaking to TOI, Deepak Pagar, North Maharashtra president of the SSS, said, \"The state government has only removed the minimum export price (MEP) on onions and it has still not taken any other decision regarding introduction of a market intervention scheme (MIS) and a minimum support price (MSP) for onions. Hence, we staged a rasta roko in Yeola. We are also planning to stage agitations at Rahuri in Ahmednagar district.\"\"The average wholesale rates of onions at agricultural produce market committees (APMCs) are in the range of Rs 100 to Rs 400 a quintal for the last one year. The production of onions costs farmers Rs 8 a kg. At this juncture, farmers can't manage expenses if they get such a low rate for their crops. Hence, the government must give farmers guarantee rates. Moreover, the grant of Rs 500 a quintal must be given to those onion farmers who have already sold their commodity. The state government had promised to take positive decisions in the interest of farmers, but it did not. Hence, we are planning to intensify our agitations,\" he said.Last week, activists of the SSS staged a demonstration in front of the Nashik collectorate to meet their demands. They were immediately arrested after some attempted self-immolation, and were released afterwards by Sarkarwada police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13074994", "title": "Policemen, citizens nab chain snatcher in Sadashiv Peth", "text": "PUNE: Policemen and the alert local people nabbed a man while he was trying to get away after snatching a woman's gold chain in Sadashiv Peth on Wednesday. The police also recovered the gold chain from the suspect, Sharad Kisan Patil (25), who hailed from Jalgaon and was residing at Chikhali.Patil was nabbed by police constables Rajendra Borse and Dattatreya Jagtap nabbed Patil with the help of two citizens.Speaking to TOI, Borse said that on Wednesday, around 7.30pm, he and Jagtap were returning home after their night duty. \"When we reached Chimnya Ganapati temple in Sadashiv Peth, we saw a few people gathered around a woman and 2-3 people chasing a man,\" Borse said.Borse said initially he suspected something major had happened.\"When we asked the people they told us about the chain snatching incident,\" Borse said.Borse and Jagtap, too, started chasing the suspect on their motorcycle. \"We managed to corner him on Bajirao Road and nabbed him,\" Borse said.Patil was brought to the spot where he nabbed the chain.The complainant, Sunita Shekhar Kanitkar (42), of Roha, Raigad district, immediately recognized him and her chain. Kanitakar said, \"Oshe had come to Pune to meet her mother around eight days ago.On Wednesday morning, I was filling water from a tap outside my mother's house when Patil snatched my gold chain worth Rs 30,000 and tried to flee. I raised an alarm, following which the people on the road started chasing him,\" Borse said.Kanitkar lodged a complaint with the Vishrambaug police. Borse said Patil initially gave them a fake name. Later, he was identified as Sharad Patil.\"Patil was sent to police custody till May 10,\" said police inspector with Vishrambaug police Rajendra Sawant, who is investigating the case, Sawant said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13074124", "title": "Research scholars' stir puts Banaras Hindu University administration on toes", "text": "VARANASI: Over 30 hours sit-in by research scholars in front of vice-chancellor's lodge put he Banaras Hindu University (BHU) administration on toes on the last day of academic session on Wednesday.The research scholars were protesting against the decision of the varsity administration to change their hostels (from Birla 'B' to Birla 'C') during summer vacation (for a period of one-and-a-half month) along with dillydallying over the refunding of caution money of research scholars belonging to Sardar Ballabh Bhai Patel hostel in the varsity.A series of meeting with administrative wardens of concerned hostels, deans of faculties and other officials in the varsity was held to pacify students and reach a decision.According to varsity spokesperson, efforts were on to reach a decision after taking note of recommendations of various meetings held on Wednesday. The vice-chancellor BHU has called a meeting of senior officials and final decision would be taken only after that meeting, he added.It may be mentioned here that a number of research scholars belonging to Birla 'B' and Patel hostel began the sit-in stir in front of vice-chancellor Lodge in protest against the decision of varsity administration to shift their hostel to Birla 'C' on Tuesday. The security arrangements were tightened and police, PAC and proctorial staffs were deployed in the area to control the students.According to Vikas Singh, general secretary, Students' Council (SC), BHU, the varsity administration was unnecessarily troubling the research scholars by forcing them to change their hostel for a short period in summer vacation. The decision would not only hamper the research work and studies but also unsettle the students focusing on their research work. It is also surprising that research scholars belonging to various disciplines residing in Sardar Patel hostel are being forced to shift to other summer hostels for renovation and maintenance work, though the expanded hostel was inaugurated this year, he added.It is worth mentioning that BHU vice chancellor Dr Lalji Singh had inaugurated the newly-constructed second floor of Sardar Vallabh Bhai Patel hostel on January 24 this year. A total of 27 additional two-seater rooms have been constructed on the second floor under the expansion plan of the hostel.As per reports of SC, BHU office, a total of nearly 350 research scholars including 250 research scholars at Birla B and another 100 hostelers at Patel hostel are going to be affected by the shifting plan for summer hostels in summer vacation. Around five orthopaedically and visually handicapped students are also going to be afected by the programme.Inauguration: Vice chancellor, BHU, Dr Lalji Singh inaugurated a renovated state-of the-art 150th anniversary Hall at Lecture Theatre Complex under the Faculty of Science on Wednesday.-Inaugurating the 150th anniversary Hall that is named to mark the 150th birth anniversary year of Pt Madan Mohan Malviya, who founded the varsity, BHU V-C said that efforts are on to built translational research facility in the varsity. Besides, the Faculty of Science would be upgraded to the rank of Institute of Science. He also stressed that infrastructural facilities in Sir Sunderlal hospital in the varsity would be developed on the lines of AIIMS to serve the poor patients of the region.-It may be mentioned here that the state-of-the art hall has been renovated at cost of Rs 30 lakhs.The hall is equipped with air conditioned multi-media and sound proof facility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "13074589", "title": "7,854 students to appear for MH-CET today", "text": "AMRAVATI: A total of 7,854 students of Amravati district will appear for the MH-CET examination scheduled on Thursday.There are around 3,905 seats available in around 60 medical colleges in the state while there are around 1,34,024 seats available in 384 engineering colleges in the state. The state has around 148 pharmaceutical colleges with a total of 9,440 seats.Maharashtra State Common Entrance test will be jointly conducted for admission in medical, engineering and pharmaceutical colleges of the state.In Amravati, students will appear from 26 exam centres in the district. Police have been deployed at the examination centres. Administration has decided to close internet cafes, photocopy centres and telephone booths within a radius of 100 metres of the examination centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13077271", "title": "Gulzar to mentor producer Karan Arora", "text": "He may never have imagined his debut film as producer would get Gulzar's patronage. However Gulzar, who recently saw the rough cut of Karan Arora's Kya Delhi Kya Lahore, is pleased enough to be mentor to it.The debutante producer told Mirror, \"Since the film's inception , Gulzarsaab has been very kind to us. He was kicked about the story, saying people have forgotten how to make such films. He suggested we meet him once the film is shot. We showed him the rough cut as it is still in postproduction. He was very happy with the way we have treated it and ever since, he has been our patron.\"Gulzar confirmed the news and said, \"I heard the narration before the film went on floors. What I loved about it is the fact that it is an anti-war film, which talks about peace but in a very light-hearted manner. It doesn't have bloodshed and is not political in nature at all, yet makes such a beautiful point of peace between two neighbouring countries.\"The eminent lyricist cum scriptwriter cum director continued, \"Finally after the film was shot, producer Karan Arora came to me and showed it to me. The way it has turned out is commendable. I would do everything in my capacity to help it. I am in fact going to talk to people associated with Aman Ki Aasha since this is a film that has to be shown in both countries.\"Apparently, Gulzar has met music director Sandesh Sandaliya several times, and has been present at the recording of every song. It was his suggestion that Kya Delhi Kya Lahore's music release be done in Lahore. \"He has spoken to some people there and provided us with contacts so we can work out logistics. What's more, he has recited for us in the film's opening. The very same lines will be used as a song later on in the film,\" Arora said.Importantly, Gulzar helped the makers finalise the title. \"We had nearly 16 title options and had registered all of them. Initially, we had named the film Do Bhootni Ki however, Gulzar advised Kya Delhi Kya Lahore was apt considering the film's post-partition theme against a 1948 setting.\" Explaining his choice of title, Gulzar said, \"In my opinion, a film's title should be able to tell you all about it. You can't separate the title from the subject of the film, which is why I told them to make sure that whatever title they decide upon, it should convey the essence of the film.\"\"Be it the background, recording or post-production of the film, we are taking an approval from Gulzarsaab on everything. He is our guiding force,\" concluded Arora.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "jagraon", "code": "13073226", "title": "Four held for duping youngsters", "text": "JAGRAON: A gang of con artists, who had duped at least 25 young men and women from abroad and Punjab after getting them married, was busted when police arrested four in Jagraon on Wednesday.The arrested - Kulwant Singh, Amandeep Singh, Karamjeet Kaur and Gulshan Kumar- targeted youngsters from Punjab and even trapped NRI men wanting to marry here. Gulshan owns a restaurant in Jagraon.They confessed one of their victims even committed suicide unable to cope with their torture. Police said the gang has associates in Canada too, who helped them fish out targets.Police nabbed the gang based on a complaint filed by Canada-based NRI Tejinder Singh, who told police that he had sent his brother Amanpal Singh, 22, with regard to his marriage on the advise of one Robin in Canada, who set them in the gang's trap. Amanpal suddenly lost touch with his brother after a month of coming to India in Januray 2012 and Tejinder came down searching his brother.DIG, Ludhiana range, M F Farooqui said they arrested the accused on Tejinder's complaints and the miscreants confessed Amanpal had refused all the girls they had shown him, which instigated them to torture him for a forceful marriage. Unable to take the torture, he committed suicide, the accused told police.Farooqui said the same gang had duped Surjeet Singh of Khandoor village in Ludhiana of Rs 29 lakh for the marriage of his daughter with an NRI. The gang is expected to reveal more cases of fraud, added the DIG. A case was registered against miscreants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13072984", "title": "Only 4 NGOs register themselves", "text": "GURGAON: The recent NGO molestation case seems to have jolted the district administration out of its slumber. The administration, which until now did not bother about whether these NGOs were registered, is now planning to ensure that they get themselves registered.According to district officials, only four NGOs have so far volunteered to register themselves. \"We have already issued orders that every NGO or institution running children's homes must be registered under the Juvenile Justice ( care and protection of Children) Act. Only four NGOs have come forward to register themselves and we have recommended their case and sent it to the state authorities for approval. The remaining ones are not registered. People should donate to only those NGOs which are registered. In conjunction with the police department we are collecting data on how many NGO are there in Gurgaon,\" said P C Meena, deputy commissioner, Gurgaon.The district child protection officials, however, say that they should have taken this step long ago and not waited for the \"Suparaana Ka Angan\" incident to take place. \"This is not the first time that such a case has happened in Gurgaon. In the past, there have been many cases of molestation of children in shelter homes and NGOs and the administration did not do anything about it. These institutions still continue to operate in the absence of proper regulations. At least now the district administration should ensure that all of them are registered and the ones which have a dubious record should be blacklisted,\" said an official.On Tuesday, the women and child development department directed all organizations, be they of the government or voluntary organizations, providing institutional or non-institutional care and protection services to the needy children to get themselves registered. A department official said that these institutions and organizations should submit their applications to the office of the district programme officer or district child protection officer concerned by this month end.As per the norms, once these organizations are registered with the government agencies, they have to follow the norms of ensuring basic services and facilities for the inmates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13072783", "title": "Kayaking down the creek at Campal on May 13", "text": "PANAJI: After announcing the 'Campal Creek Renewal and Revival' project a month ago, the Goa ForGiving Trust has now declared that it will organize a kayaking display on the Campal creek waterfront on May 13.Armando Gonsalves, chairman of the Goa ForGiving trust told mediapersons that the date, which is celebrated as Mother's Day , had been chosen in dedication to mother earth.Gonsalves said, \"Kayaking will take place from 4pm to 6pm and anyone who wants to enter will be able to do so subject to time availability.\"Gonsalves felt that though the revival of the creek should have been done in the past, all stakeholders should take collective blame for the neglect. He disclosed that the CCP was keen to be involved in the project.\"The CCP has shown tremendous interest (in the project) and will survey the area,\" said Gonsalves.Gonsalves also disclosed that plans for a NOMOZO (No Motorized Zone) will be introduced on May 13 by 'Aamchi Panaji', in a bid to cut down traffic congestion and allow for more pedestrian and cycling paths. The NOMOZO concept is similar to the well-known 'Cyclovia' concept prevalent in major cities around the world, he added.Mauro Rebello, a resident of Campal, said he used to go fishing in the creek when he was young. He hoped that the creek would be desilted and restored to its natural state soon. He felt this was possible as there was only biological waste in the creek and no effluents.Architect Bryan Soares said, \"The aim of the project was to turn the creek into the lifeline of Panaji instead of the sewage line of Panaji.\"Jeronino Almeida, member of the Goa ForGiving Trust, lamented that despite Goa being a tourist destination, it did not have proper garbage dumps.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13075214", "title": "2G Scam: A Raja's appearance before JPC, PAC prevented by arrest, his petition says", "text": "NEW DELHI: Seeking bail for the first time in 15 months of jail, former telecom minister A Raja told a trial court on Wednesday that he was unable to put forth his version in the 2G spectrum scam before the parliamentary probe panels.\"The public accounts committee (PAC) of Parliament and the ioint parliamentary committee (JPC) are also looking into various aspects of this matter. The petitioner has been unable to put his case before the PAC and the JPC on account of his being in custody,\" Raja's petition contended. Admitting his plea, the court issued notice to the CBI asking it give its response on May 11.Raja said he was ready to abide by any condition imposed upon him and would not misuse the liberty. \"It is most respectfully submitted that the petitioner be directed to be released on bail till the final disposal of the case,\" his application said.Also on Wednesday, the court ordered release of former telecom secretary Siddharth Behura and Raja's former personal secretary R K Chandolia on their furnishing a personal bail bond of Rs 10 lakh each with a surety of Rs 5 lakh each.While Behura had challenged the December 16, 2011 order of the Delhi HC denying him bail, Chandolia had questioned the HC's December 1, 2011, suo motu decision on the basis of media reports to put on hold the bail granted to him by the trial court.Chandolia was not put back in judicial custody as he had already been released on bail by the time the HC passed the order and the apex court had on December 7 last year stayed the HC's order. On Wednesday, the bench of Justices Singhvi and Dattu set aside the HC's suo motu decision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13072600", "title": "Aarushi murder trial to begin tomorrow", "text": "NEW DELHI: The trial in the 2008 double murder case of teenager Aarushi and domestic help Hemraj will begin from Friday at a sessions court here. Aarushi's parents and accused in the case, Nupur and Rajesh Talwar, will be present in court for the trial.Special CBI judge Preeti Singh on Wednesday referred the case to a sessions court, rejecting the Talwars' plea not to begin trial as they were yet to get all documents from the CBI. Agreeing with CBI that the dentist couple were trying to delay trial, the judge said, \"Further documents cannot be given but they (Talwars) can inspect the documents. The case is marked to district and sessions judge\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "13072930", "title": "One more arrested in Bicholim suicide case", "text": "BICHOLIM: Bicholim police on Wednesday arrested a woman from the family accused of abetting a girl to commit suicide. The police arrested Suvarna Dicholkar from Gaonkarwada Bicholim in connection with the death of Pooja Gaonkar, 24, from the same village.Pooja had committed suicide after her lover's family forbid their marriage.The police had registered a complaint against the family under Section 306 r/w Section 34 IPC. Dicholkar was later given seven days judicial custody. Bicholim PSI Sachin Panhalkar is investigating the case under the supervision of PI, Ninad Devulkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13074711", "title": "Female feticide gives new life to orphan girls", "text": "NAGPUR: The ever increasing disparity in sex ratio in states like Rajasthan and Gujarat is having an impact on lives of destitute and orphan girls of Shri Shraddhanand Anathalaya in Nagpur. As it gets increasingly difficult for boys of middle and lower middle class homes in these states to find brides, they are turning to orphanages to find a suitable girl for themselves.Two such marriages were performed recently at the orphanage. The grooms, a salesman from Aurangabad and a businessman from Dombivli in Mumbai, married Chhaya and Padma both brought up here.Nisha Buty, the honorary secretary of the institution, says it is the word of mouth publicity that brings in the suitors. \"Those who apply are in the age group of 28 to 30 years. Our girls are anywhere between 18 and 22 years. These people, mostly from Gujarat and Rajasthan and sometimes Punjab and Haryana, say that female foeticide in their states has resulted in a paucity of brides there.\"Buty adds that they are very careful while picking up a boy. \"We do background checks, ask them to get an NOC from the police. They should also have a house or land in their name and income in between Rs13,000 to Rs 18,000 a month. Before the ceremony, they are required to put in Rs 25,000 in a fixed deposit in the girl's name that remains with us and is given to the girl one year after marriage.\"It's not the grooms alone who are thoroughly checked. The girls too are prepared for matrimony. \"Most of the girls here have experienced negativity and trauma since the time they were in their mother's womb. Here, they live in a cocooned environment but their faith and trust is badly shaken. They have doubts about themselves and want to know how they would fit into the society,\" says Buty.To ensure they have a harmonious life, girls are counselled and are taught life skills. \"After we decide upon the suitability of a match, the boy meets the girl and if they are fine with each other we organise a meeting with the in-laws.\"Even the in-laws are counselled as the girls in the orphanage have never lived in a family set-up. So the family is asked to treat them with compassion and not to expect too much from them.Meera Khadakkar, former principal judge of family court, who has been providing life skills to these girls, says they are equipped to make good wives.\"With a lot of exposure to adversities early in life, these girls are mature beyond their years. Living together and managing meals and decorations for events and festivals make them socially compatible.\" Khadakkar says they are moulded to be obedient.The wedding ceremony held for them is a simple one with some people from the society coming in to do the kanyadaan and the donors and patrons of the institution giving gifts. \"The groom and his family thus feel that the girl is not alone but is a part of a supportive extended family,\" she adds.The orphanage with a capacity to hold 240 girls of all ages has, at the moment, only 170 inhabitants. Out of these, barely two to four girls in a year are ready for marriage.Archana Meshram, who processes the applicants, says she has been turning down applications now.\"We have only two more girls who might get married this year. And there are at least 25 such proposals before us. Once I accept an application, the person keeps calling me up requesting to fix a match at the earliest,\" she says.For the girls, marriage is a dream offering a family and security that life had deprived them of so far.Shruti Sarkar, for whom a groom is being finalised, says, \"The boy should have parents and a sibling too as I have never had a family. He should also understand me and together we should make a good pair.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13077766", "title": "Prabh Gill emerges as a winner", "text": "When it comes to Punjabi Singing, we see a numerous number of singers.No doubt , some of them are really good but we often see people take 'New Talent' for granted, but not a long ago, just a couple of years back then, an artist by the name of \"Prabh Gill\" stepped into this ocean of punjabi singers. From a couple of fantastic tracks, it didn't take long for \"Prabh Gill' to emerge as a one of the best punjabi singers, whom people can't ignore and always demand more from him.A pearl, which is so pure often emerges after hardwork and struggle by the sea shell. Prabh Gill, who hails from Ludhiana, (A major industrial city of Punjab, and home to many other known singers), had to work hard in this field, because from beginning he knew, its not an option for him, it grew up as a passion in him, then often singing at home, with friends , in college fairs, made him confirmed, it will be his career not for monetary profits but for his own self passion in singing.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13074861", "title": "Pune Municipal Corporation to shift people from nullah encroachments", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) plans to shift residents of about 700 houses encroaching on nullahs to tenements built under the basic services to urban poor (BSUP) by July.Municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathaksaid, \"The PMC will be shifting out people likely to be affected by removal of encroachments on nullahs. The civic administration has communicated the decision to them.\"Pathaksaid that nearly 1,100 houses are available under the BSUP scheme. The residents of the westerns parts will be shifted to BSUP buildings in Warje, while the residents in the eastern zone will be shifted to Hadapsar.\"We are encouraging people to shift to these houses. They will get a permanent place to stay there,\" said Pathak, adding that two NGOs have been allotted the work to complete the documentation and legal formalities for beneficiaries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13073729", "title": "2 held for credit card cloning", "text": "MUMBAI: The police arrested two accused recently in a credit card cloning case. They were caught with the help of CCTVs at Metro mall in Borivli where the accused had used the clone cards for shopping worth Rs 5.25 lakh.The accused are on police records and there were around 42 cases registered against them at Samtanagar, Kandivli, Malad, Kashmira, Madgaon, Ahmadabad and Goa. The police stated that they still have to trace the gang leader who is based in Rajasthan.On March 29 and 30, seven accused went to the mall in different groups and purchases household goods with cloned cards. When the mall management learnt about it they complained to Kasturba police station.The police collected footage from the mall for examination and they zeroed in on two suspects, Shravansingh Rao and Devanand Maruti. The police checked the records of the similar incident took place in the past and learnt that the two suspects where on the police record of city police. The police was tracing the accused movement since a month. They arrested Rao and Maruti in the case last week and recovered good worth Rs 2.24 lakh from them which they had purchased with the help of the clone cards.Senior police inspector of Kasturba police station, Rajendra Thakur said, \"The accused were in crime since past seven years and we are trying to trace other gang members. They had committed several offences at different places.\"The accused told the police that they had purchased the clone cards from an unknown person and the police are probing about them. The police suspect that the wanted accused would use skimmer to copy the data of the real card users while they were making card payments. They used the details to produce fake ATM cards and sold them to the arrested accused.The city crime branch has busted a major international credit card cloning racket with the arrest of four persons who, along with some foreigners, allegedly duped several US nationals of Rs 74 lakh in cash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13071963", "title": "Authority extending scope of green tribunal\u2019s order: Noida Entrepreneurs\u2019 Association", "text": "NOIDA: Entrepreneurs on Wednesday were up in arms against the industries department alleging that it has extended the scope of the National Green Tribunal order of April 11 beyond 'polluting industries'. The industrialists complained to senior officials of Noida Authority that all activities pertaining to them have been stopped, including putting a ban on change of projects on industrial plots and lease transfer.Noida Entrepreneurs' Association (NEA) has complained that since the day of the order, the Authority has also stopped granting permissions for renting out industrial plots. The Authority has assured the association that it will work towards resolving these issues after undertaking a fresh review of the order by its law department.\"Apart from extending the scope of the tribunal's order beyond polluting industries to nearly 256 categories of non-polluting industries, which already have prior approval of the state government, the Authority has used this order to put an end to all kinds of industrial activities in the city,\" said president of the association, Vipin Malhan.\"If the owner of a factory wants to change a project, it has to obtain permission from the Authority. However, the Authority has stopped granting such permissions since the date of the order,\" said Malhan. Industrialists also say that all cases where owners of industrial plots had applied for lease transfer of their plots have also been put on hold, even though it has nothing to do with the tribunal's order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "ramgarh", "code": "13073610", "title": "Rice supply stopped, midday meal crisis", "text": "RAMGARH: Hundreds of government schools in the district have been deprived of midday meal as the stock of rice being supplied to the schools has exhausted. This has also hit attendance in schools. Some schools tried to attract the students by giving them chocolates and bananas, but they have to stop this scheme also due to lack of funds.Midday meal in government school at Chordhara village in Patratu block has been stopped since April 9. There are 338 students enrolled in the school. Headmaster Indra Nath Munda said, \"We did their best to continue with the midday meal by making alternative arrangements. But unfortunately, we had to stop the scheme.\"\"Rice has not been supplied to school since December 2011 and our stock has exhausted,\" said Munda, adding that stoppage of midday meal has badly hit the attendance of students.Meanwhile, students of Chordhara government school staged a dharna in front of school gate with empty plates demanding midday meal on Tuesday. The hungry students shouted slogans like.... \"hum bhukhe hai hame khana do (We are hungry, give us food).\"Government school at Chordhar is not the only one in the district where midday meal has been stopped due to shortage of rice and other stuff. Government middle school in central Saunda in Patratu block has also stopped serving midday meal due to lack of rice.Patratu block education officer Chandra Kant Pandit admitted that a few schools, including a school at Chordhara and central Sauda, have to stop midday meal due to lack of rice, since there is no supply since December 2011. \"We hope that rice will be supplied within a few days and midday meal scheme will be soon revived,\" said Pandit.A number of government schools in Gola block of Ramgarh district have also stopped midday meal for children, which has led to a drop in attendance. Approximately, a dozen of government schools in Gola block have sent reports to the BEO about stoppage of midday meal in schools.According to reports, government schools in Maganpur, Sosokala, Henthbarga, Chokadbera, Serengatu, Buiya Jara, Bhubhai, Dundigachi, Butgodwa, Khaira Jara, Dudhmatiya, Rakua, Dimara, Barwa Tand, Toyar and Chadi village have stopped serving midday meal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13073332", "title": "Sakshi TV has Rs 110 crore in frozen accounts", "text": "HYDERABAD: Even as YSR Congress president Y S Jaganmohan Reddy launched a counter offensive against the CBI by describing the freezing of the Sakshi TV and newspaper bank accounts as an attack on the freedom of the press, the investigation agency informed the court on Wednesday that a few more accounts of the two companies in Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) at Jubilee Hills have also been frozen. The CBI had on Tuesday stopped transactions in the bank accounts belonging to Jagati Publications (Sakshi newspaper), Indira Television (Sakshi TV) and Janani Infrastructure( a supporting arm of these two firms that owns the printing presses), that were in the State Bank of India (Jubilee Hills branch) and Oriental Bank of Commerce (Banjara Hills branch), as part of its investigations in the Jagan assets case.In all, over 10 bank accounts have been frozen. Most of them are current accounts, sources said. While all other accounts together held not more than Rs 3 crore, the accounts at OBC and SBI held fixed deposits in the name of Jagati Publications to the tune of Rs 103 crore and Rs 8 crore respectively. In the IOB branch, there was Rs 3.3 lakh in the name of Jagati and Rs 46 lakh belonging to Janani. In accordance with the notice served on it by the CBI, IOB filed a compliance report with the probe agency confirming the freezing of the accounts.Meanwhile, Jagati, Indira Television and Janani Infra challenged the CBI action in freezing their accounts 'without giving them an opportunity of being heard' in the CBI court on Wednesday. Special Judge Pattabhi Rama Rao directed the CBI to file its counter and posted the matter to Thursday for hearing. In its petition before the CBI court, Jagati contended that two of the pre-conditions required for the punitive action under section 102 of the CrPC have demonstrably not been complied with. No proof of the alleged quid pro quo arrangement was placed before the court, it said.Meanwhile, vowing to not take the CBI action lying down, the YSR Congress said on Wednesday that the freezing of the bank accounts was a move to gag the freedom of the press and part of a larger conspiracy to close down the newspaper and television by vested interests and competitors.In a related development, the CBI court on Wednesday handed over all the summons to be served to the accused in the Jagan assets case to the CBI officials. It will be recalled that the CBI court took on file the first chargesheet filed by the investigation agency and ordered issuance of summons to accused number one Jagan and other 12 other accused in the case and directed them to be present in the court on May 28. The CBI officials, who received the summons, will serve them on all the accused in a day or two.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13073960", "title": "16 girls 'rescued' in Mumbai pub raid may be freed today", "text": "MUMBAI: The 16 girls picked up by cops from a Khar discotheque last month and sent to a rehabilitation centre for commercial sex workers are hoping for freedom after a date with the court on Thursday.Families of the 16 girls \"rescued from prostitution\" by cops termed the police action highhanded and humiliating.The family members of a couple of the girls rescued from the Madness discotheque during the raid on April 29 alleged that the police had branded their working kin as 'prostitutes'. The families stated that their relatives went to the disco along with friends and they were not involved in immoral activities. But the police insisted the girls were involved in prostitution.A team of the social service branch of the Mumbai police had raided the discotheque after a tip-off that a group was promoting prostitution under the pretext of a disco programme, Bollywood Tadka. The team was led by assistant commissioner of police Vasant Dhobale.They booked the pub management under the Prevention of Immoral Trafficking Act (PITA) and took the girls to the Khar police station to record their statements. The police said they treated the girls as victims in the case and according to procedure, they sent them to a rehabilitation centre in Deonar.The husband of one of the women said, \"My wife who works in a Lakme saloon went with her female friend to the pub to meet a common friend when the raid was conducted. She is decent and not involved in any wrong activities. Is it wrong to dance in the pub? They were not dancing nude, then why did the police brand her a prostitute?\"The husband along with other family members went to meet their kin at the rehabilitation centre and they are expecting the release of their relatives on Thursday.The family member of another girl said her daughter was not a prostitute and she was upset with the police action.Dhobale justified his action and stated that the way the party was organized at the pub was a new modus operandi to run the prostitution business. Dhobale said, \"We were tipped off that the girls were bargaining with customers at the pub after which we raided its premises. We allowed many girls in the pub to go away as they were not involved in prostitution. I have done no wrong and I am being targeted for no reason.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13074554", "title": "High court: No need to merge cases under domestic violence act &amp; marriage act", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur bench of Bombay high court has ruled that proceedings under the Protection of Women against Domestic Violence Act (PWDV) 2005 should not be merged with petitions under the Hindu Marriage Act.\"It is not necessary that in all cases common evidence will be necessary and will be of assistance to the trial court. It is possible that the application under PWDV Act could be decided without reference to the pleadings and evidence in a Hindu Marriage petition,\" Justice ML Tahaliyani ruled while giving relief to a petitioner wife.The petitioner - Ananya Dubey - had moved the high court after Nagpur family court declined to hear her application under Section 17 of PWDV Act. The family court judge had kept her application in abeyance, citing the pending proceedings on her husband's divorce petition under Hindu Marriage Act.Prior to her application, Ananya's husband Pramod Dubey had filed an application for annulment of marriage in the family court under Hindu Marriage Act. Her application under PWDV Act was not registered separately, and was given exhibit number in Pramod's case.The family court judge observed that it would be proper to have further evidence on record before her application under PWDV Act was decided. He further directed that her application should be considered at the time of final judgment in the Hindu Marriage petition by her husband.Ananya had prayed for quashing of family court order and expeditious decision on her application separately.Justice Tahaliyani observed that though wife's application was treated as one of the exhibits of Hindu Marriage petition, this is not the proper procedure for registration of application filed under PWDV Act. \"It is possible that two proceedings are pending before the family court for which it may give common judgment. Yet, the fact remains that the initial registration has to be kept separate,\" he said.\"The grievance of the applicant is genuine and her application under the PWDV Act shall be registered separately,\" the judge ruled, observing that family court judge's views were \"absolutely wrong and frustrates very purpose of PWDV Act\".Justice Tahaliyani directed the family court to register Ananya's application separately and give separate registration number to it. He also asked the family court judge to hear her application as expeditiously as possible and consider her prayers for interim relief.(With Inputs from Aarzoo Singh)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "13073864", "title": "Retirement benefits elude driver for 15 years", "text": "TRICHY: A 68-year-old former driver of the department of school education still continues to fight for his retirement benefits, despite waging a 15-year struggle. The driver, S Rangarajan, had been terminated from service in 1997 by the chief educational officer (CEO) of Pudukkottai district.Rangarajan, a resident of Srirangam, had joined Tiruchirappalli district secondary school's medical aid scheme committee of the department of school education on July 22, 1971. Then he was transferred to the Pudukkottai high and higher secondary schools medical aid schemes as driver on November 1, 1982.On July 21, 1997, the executive committee meeting of the medical scheme passed a resolution to terminate Rangarajan from duty on the ground that the board could not afford to pay him a salary, despite the fact that Rangarajan had another five years' service till July 31, 2002. On August 28, 1997, the general body committee passed a resolution to pay Rs 1,38,996 as retirement benefits to Rangarajan for his 26-year service. Further, the resolution mentioned that the director of school education, Chennai, should approve the termination of his duty.Rangarajan alleged that the then CEO of Pudukkottai district, R Sadagopan, and some officials in the department had asked him for a bribe of Rs 15,000 for settlement of his retirement benefits. As he could not afford to pay that amount, he asked them to deduct the amount from the benefits. But the officials refused to do so and kept on demanding a bribe to complete the process.Hence the CEO terminated him from duty on July 31, 1997, without obtaining approval from the director of school education.Since then he began his battle. Based on his appeal, the assistant commissioner of labour, Trichirappalli, in a letter dated March 4, 1998, recommended to the secretary of Pudukkottai high and higher secondary schools medical aid scheme to provide all the retirement benefits to Rangarajan. As that letter too did not put an end to the problem, he repeatedly sent petitions to the chief minister's special cell as well as the district collector of Pudukkottai district.Whenever a clarification had been sought by the CM's special cell, the CEO of Pudukkottai and the secretary of the medical aid scheme sent a standard reply that they had sent the file to the director of school education for approval. In the meantime, the Madurai bench of the Madras high court ordered the director of school education to disburse the amount if there were no legal impediments, on April 28, 2006. On April 1, 2011, P Alagesan, deputy secretary of the school education department also directed the director of school education department to take action upon the petition.Despite all the orders, the officials concerned refused to disburse the payment. Rangarajan has urged the chief minister to intervene in the matter and has sought strict punitive action against the officials concerned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13073705", "title": "Bandra school defends itself over ground row", "text": "MUMBAI: Duruelo Convent High School in Bandra informed the Bombay high court on Wednesday that it has laid paver blocks only on the periphery of the school ground and the work has been completed.A division bench of Justices S J Vazifdar and A R Joshi was hearing a petition filed by parents of ex-students and some alumni alleging that the Society of Duruelo Carmelites has begun work on the 2,000sq m ground for the convenience of caterers as it is rented out for marriages and commercial events. The work is being funded by local CongressMLA Baba Siddiqui, the petition alleged. Their advocate Pritha Dave submitted that paver blocks are being laid on a recreation ground. Dave said the school principal had claimed that it was for the benefit of children. \"Paver blocks will endanger children while playing sports. It will only break their bones. The school has renting the ground for weddings and commercial events and advertising the same,\" Dave added while urging the court to stop the work. The school's advocate countered that the petitioners are in the \"business of extortion to demand admissions\".He said the paver blocks were being laid only on the periphery of the ground. The work is completed,'' he said.The judges recorded his statement that no more work would be undertaken until further orders. Dave also urged the court to direct the school not to rent the ground and order a probe into the misuse of MLA Fund. Adjourning the matter, the judges said these issues can be taken up after the summer vacation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13077543", "title": "Shaukat Azmi remembers Kaifi Azmi on his death anniv", "text": "Shaukat Azmi remembers husband Kaifi Azmi on his 10 death anniversary...\"Tomorrow, May 10, it would be ten years since Kaifi Saab left us. Just thinking about Kaifi Saab makes me teary-eyed. It will take us all day and then the night to talk about him. I don't have enough words to talk of all my husband's virtues. It's hard to believe that any humanbeing could be so incredibly goodhearted and patient,\" she says.\"In the 55 years that I was with him he never got angry about anything. He didn't raise his voice even once at me. I'd get angry at him. But not the other way around. I find it hard to believe that a man so noble existed. He gave me whatever I desired four times over. At a time when women didn't step out of their homes I went out and on stage to do theatre plays. He encouraged me to go out and act. And though he hated my role in Mira Nair's 'Salaam Bombay' (I played a Madame in a brothel), he never stopped me. Although it was beyond his will-power to restrain himself from seeing me in such a role, not once did he tell me not to it. He never stopped me from anything. He always encouraged me in my interests. Though we went through early years of poverty we enjoyed those times together,\" she recalls.\"He did all he could to bring reforms in his native village Mijwan. Now my daughter Shabana continues his good work. She will push her way anywhere and ask for anything for her father's village,\" adds Shaukat Azmi.\"Did he ever write poetry for me? Yes, he wrote these lines for me: shaguftagi ka, latafat ka, shahkaar ho tum fakat bahar nahi, haasil-e-bahar ho tum... . It was 55 years of blissful togetherness for us. My advice to today's couples: if your spouse is angry, don't fight back. Don't react. Just remain silent and smile... Maine gussa zaroor kiya kabhi kabhi, lekin mere shauhar ne kabhi nahin gussa kiya... I've lived for ten years without my husband. I've never encountered a man of his calibre. And I'm not saying this because he's my husband. God never created another man like him. I see shades of Kaifi saab in my son-in-law Javed Akhtar . I've seen Shabana snapping at him. He just smiles, recites some poetry and her anger evaporates. My daughter looked for a man who reminded her of her father...As for Kaifi saab's lyrics, they remain alive to this day. I've stopped watching Hindi films for a very long time now. There is no poetry left in our films.Tomorrow on his death anniversary I'll remember my husband by reading out his lines.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13077249", "title": "US in talks with Pak on re-opening of NATO supply routes: Official", "text": "WASHINGTON: The US continues to negotiate with Pakistan on re-opening of the crucial NATO supply routes to Afghanistan that were closed by Islamabad after a cross-border NATO air strike killed 24 of its soldiers last year, the State Department said today.\"We are continuing to work on these issues with the government of Pakistan. As you know, that would follow on the visit that ambassador Grossman had to Pakistan,\" the State Department spokeswoman, Victoria Nuland, told reporters at her daily news conference.\"As you know, we're still seeking to come to an arrangement on how we can get the GLOCs (ground line of communication) open. We think it's important for us, it's important for a peaceful, stable situation in Afghanistan, and it's obviously that would be in Pakistan's interest as well,\" Nuland said responding to a question.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13077436", "title": "Resul Pookutty working on an European movie", "text": "First, it was Mira Nair, who finished the post production of her film The Reluctant Fundamentalist in Mumbai with Shimit Amin . It is now the turn of actress-filmmaker Liv Ullman who is putting together a docu-feature on Ingmar Bergman , to do the same.At the helm of the project is Grammy winning sound designer Resul Pookutty. The diarist has learnt that Pookutty has been holed up in his studio in the Andheri suburbs, finishing off the final mix for the film. The docu-feature traces the lives of two cinematic legends - Bergman and Ullmann, how the filmmaker discovered the actress, mentored her and their tumultuous relationship. Pookutty is about to take the digital version of the film, being made by Ullmann, for a closed screening at Cannes. In a conversation with the diarist, Pookutty revealed that he is asked often why he chose to work on an European movie. \"If Slumdog Millionaire can be made here why can't we make a film in Europe? Hollywood is not the beginning and end of cinema. There is a lot of tasteful work being done in Europe,\" he says. We could not agree more.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13074308", "title": "Tyres illegally stocked in school seized", "text": "NAGPUR: In yet another incident of misuse of NMC school, the anti-encroachment squad of the civic body on Wednesday found illegal stocked used and old tyres in a school at Timki. The squad seized four trucks full of used tyres from the school premises stocked by one Juman Pathan. Civic body will soon initiate action against Pathan for stocking tyres in the civic school.Similarly, the anti-encroachment squad led by deputy engineer Dilip Jamgade cleared almost 100 encroachments from roads and pavements in Sakkardara area. In this drive too, the squad seized four truckload of material from encroachers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "panaji/ponda", "code": "13072925", "title": "Chain snatchers target women in Panaji, Ponda", "text": "PANAJI/PONDA: Two persons on a motorcycle approached a 67-year-old woman as she was walking back home at Boca de Vaca in Panaji on Wednesday morning and snatched her gold chain worth about 1 lakh. Laxmi Merchant, in her complaint to the Panaji police, said that at around 10am she had gone to a shop adjacent to her house to purchase grocery.While she was returning home, two young persons approached her saying 'Ram, Ram' and 'Namaste'. They then they asked her to come closer to them. Finding their behaviour suspicious, she ignored them. A few minutes later, the two men came close to her on a motorcycle, snatched her mangalsutra and disappeared.In the temple town, police sources said that two men with helmets riding a bike, snatched a mangalsutra and gold chain from Sumitra Kerkar in broad daylight.Kerkar, from Panditwada-Ponda, was walking home along Panditwada-Warkhande road when at around 12.20pm, the bikers approached her, snatched the ornaments from her neck before she could realize what was happening and sped away, the police said, quoting the complaint.The police have registered an offence against unknown persons under Section 356 (chain snatching), 379 (theft outside a dwelling), read with Section 34 (common intention) of the Indian Penal Code.Ponda PSI Hiru Kavlekar is investigating the case. No person was arrested until late Wednesday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13074615", "title": "Plastic ban: Corporation officials raid shops in city", "text": "MANGALORE: Officials of the health and environment engineering section of MCC on Wednesday conducted raids on business establishments in and around the central business district area.The team detected that several shops were selling plastic items below 40 microns. The officials also seized the trade licence of one shop located in Megha Market behind Lady Goschen Hospital and sealed it for violating the plastic ban for the third time.The civic body team started their operations from Central Market and covered Bibi Alabi Road, Bunder, Nellikai Road, and shops in and around State Bank of India main branch. During their visit to the Central Market, officials sealed four shops in Megha Market for carrying out business without proper trade licence. The keys of these establishments have been handed over to the revenue department for further action.Madhu S Manohar, environmental engineer, accompanied by U Raghunath, assistant health officer and health officers inspected shops and checked the plastic items, especially carry bags.\"It is illegal to sell plastic items below 40 microns as they are not biodegradable and pose health hazards for cattle if eaten. The civic body has carried out nearly half-a-dozen raids across the city in the past 12 months,\" said Manohar.Two traders were fined Rs 250 each for first time offense and three traders were charged with Rs 500 each for violating the law for the second time. \"We seized 500 kg of plastics of less than 40 microns from the shop which was sealed for violating the plastic ban imposed for the third time,\" he said.MCC commissioner Harish Kumar said shops sealed for not having trade licences will remain so till such time they obtain the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13072652", "title": "Hit-and-runs leave two dead at Sola, Vasana", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Two persons died and another was injured in two separate road accidents in the city on Wednesday. In both the cases, the vehicle drivers who caused the accidents fled the spots fearing public ire.Around 11am, 60-year-old Nanji Vadaliya, a resident of Memnagar, was walking across the road when a car headed from Thaltej to Sola hit him near Thaltej crossroads. The impact was so severe that Vadaliya was thrown up in the air and he dashed against the road. Vadaliya sustained serious head injuries.The car driver tried speed away but after a short distance the car stopped and the driver abandoned the vehicle and fled. Sola police rushed to the site after passersby reported the incident to the city police control room. However, before help could reach the senior citizen, he breathed his last.When policemen got busy recording the statements of eyewitnesses, they saw a man hanging around suspiciously near the car. When the cops confronted the man, he told them that the car belonged to his employer, Tushar Shah, who stays in Naranpura.\"The driver told us that at the time when the accident took place, the car was being driven by Shah's son Vivan,\" said Sola police, who seized the car and asked for details on the car's ownership from the Regional Transport Office. Sola police inspector, VK Zala, said: \"We shall soon arrest the car driver.\"The second incident took place at Vishala circle in Vasna. A motorbike rider, 19-year-old Vijay Odh, and his 8-year-old younger brother Haresh, residents of Chandranagar in Vasna, were headed towards Juhapura. While approaching the crossroads, Vijay had to brake suddenly because a truck came in front of him. However, the driver of another a truck which was speeding up from behind him could not stop in time. The truck rammed the duo on bike and ran over them, killing Vijay on the spot and injuring his brother seriously.After the accident, the truck driver abandoned his vehicle and fled, fearing public anger. \"Vijay died on the spot while his brother is in a critical condition. He has been admitted to VS Hospital with multiple injuries in his head and other parts of his body. A complaint against the truck driver has been registered at Vejalpur police station,\" said police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13074568", "title": "8% of Bangalore\u2019s lifts are unlicensed", "text": "BANGALORE: The lift you take to reach your workplace or apartment may not be licensed. At least 2,000, or 8%, of the 25,000 lifts in Bangalore are not licensed, say sources in Karnataka State Electrical Inspectorate (KSEI).More shocking is that there is no way of knowing whether a lift is legal or not. Reason: KSEI has not found a way of putting its seal of approval on elevators. This is despite the fact that lifts are the biggest carriers of people: More Bangaloreans board elevators than buses or autorickshaws.Besides the unlicensed lifts, there are several others installed in unregistered buildings, leaving them out of the purview of the Lifts Acts and Rules, 1974.\"There are about 25,000 lifts in Bangalore. Despite knowing the importance of safety of lifts, many private companies do not comply with the standards mentioned in the rule book,\" KS Anjanappa, electrical inspector, Bangalore East, informed TOI.Many lift users don't even know that a licence from the the Karnataka State Electrical Inspectorate (KSEI), the licensing body, is mandatory, say electrical inspectors. It's the responsibility of the owners of premises on which lifts are installed to obtain licence.Lifts have to be replaced after every 10 years. Besides, it is also mandatory that every lift has a trained operator and is covered by an annual maintenance contract.Though KSEI finds numerous violations of rules, it lacks teeth to crack down on unlicensed and unsafe lifts. At the most, it can levy a fine of Rs 300 or order shutting down a lift until anomalies are set right.\"Most consumers, builders and companies alike, ignore the rule on replacing old lifts after 10 years. People do not even realize that the frequent lift failures call for a change or overhaul of the machinery,\" says another official in the inspectorate.On Monday, the state cabinet approved amendments to the Lifts Act, 1974, to ensure safer lifts and escalators. A new law - the Karnataka Lifts, Escalators and Passenger Conveyers Act, 2012 - proposes to make it mandatory to purchase lifts from only registered companies.\"Only branded lifts have quality equipment. These companies ensure that lifts are incorporated with each electrical safety measure. It is the unbranded lifts that have low-cost material,\" said sources in KSEI.Citing an example, they said that most lifts in the city, manufactured by small companies, are not equipped with governors. It is the governor that holds a lift in case the cable snaps when the machine is moving. The proposed amendments make governors mandatory in all lifts. If the cable snaps, governors bring the cubicle down to the next lower level. In lifts with governors, cubicle doors open, ensuring evacuated of persons inside to safety, a KSEI official explained.Rule book saysObtaining licence for a lift is mandatory.Replacing it after 10 years is a must.Lift must be operated by a trained person.Must be covered by an annual maintenance contract.Major accidentsMarch 8, 2011: A 62-year-old man who sought to leave a lift that had ground to halt between two floors due to power failure was killed as it started moving suddenly. He was stuck between the cubicle and the shaft wall.October 24, 2009: A three-year-old girl was stuck between the doors of a lift that started moving. The girl, whose father was a security guard at the JP Nagar apartment, was playing when the accident happened.No time for awarenessThe world over, May is observed as Electrical Safety Month. The government of India announced that a Safety Week would be observed from May 10. But the last time the KSEI observed the Safety Week was in 1998!KSEI officials say the department is short-staffed. The inspectorate's 100-strong contingent of electrical inspectors and engineers is so occupied with routine inspections that they have no time to spread awareness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13074452", "title": "'Ghushi' has audience spellbound", "text": "NAGPUR: The second day of the Mayor's Cup One-Act Play competition began with a bang with 'Shri Tashi Sau', a play directed by Sanjay Kashikar which was well received by the audience.However, it was 'Ghushi', written by Jayant Pawar, that made the evening worthwhile for the audience. It was based on the life of women who stay in slums and their problems relating to their sex lives. How women battle against each other for sexual relations and even go to an extent of committing murder was well portrayed.The story was about two women, a sexually dissatisfied widow and her late husband's 'mistress' living in the same house and ruining each others' life at different stages.While Vaidehi Chaware who played the character of the mistress Shevanta captivated the audience with her powerful voice and excellent acting, It was Ashwini Dikholkar as Bhagi, the widow who stole the show with her outstanding performance and brilliant dialogue delivery.\"Ashwini did a fantastic job. For a 20-year-old to present such a serious role, it is worth every bit of appreciation she received. For just two people to keep the audience glued it takes sheer talent, hats off to the girls,\" said Avinash Thakre, organizer of the event.\"Women staying in the slums are like bandicoots. They destroy the lives of others as well as their own. This was our message and I am pleased by the response the play received,\" said director Sandip Daberao.The only two characters were thrilled by the response they received. \"The script was very mature and we got to learn a lot from it. It was of a different genre that required intensity and great poise. We have grown as artists after this performance,\" said Ashwini.The event is being organized by the Nagpur Municipal Corporation in association with Akhil Bhartiya Marathi Natakya Parishad. The three-day competition was inaugurated at Sai Sabhagruh on Tuesday.While most participants of the competition have staged their plays across the state and have won first prize at district levels, the Mayor's Cup is also providing a platform to various other teams from the city to exhibit their talents.'Tumhi Kavita Chan Shikavta', 'Relationship' and 'Ratan' were the plays staged on Tuesday.THURSDAY'S SCHEDULE'Aata Pass' (Agam, Pune), 'Shilpakoshtak' (Sunny Kala Manch, Aurangabad), 'Wisach Ganit' (Sankraman, Pune) will be staged from 5.30pm to 7.30pm and will be followed by prize distribution at 8.30pm", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13074337", "title": "Pharmaceutical companies targeting smaller cities for drug trials", "text": "NEW DELHI: Smaller cities seem to have become prime target for drug trials. While pharma companies have claimed over the last few years that most of their drug trials were taking place in \"cosmopolitan towns\" which have a heterogeneous population, comprising various ethnic groups (a major requirement for the all important phase-III clinical trials), the parliamentary standing committee on health has found that the \"submission is incorrect and the basic purpose of phase-III trials, even when conducted, is not being served.\"According the committee, the purpose of phase III trials is to determine any ethnic/racial differences in the safety, efficacy and metabolism of drugs.\"Hence to serve any useful purpose, patients of different ethnicities living in India should be enrolled. For example, the results of a trial conducted only on Indo-Aryans may not be applicable to Mongoloids or Dravidians due to genetic differences,\" it explains.The panel's scathing report on the functioning of the Central Drugs Standard Control Organization (CDSCO) that was placed in Rajya Sabha on Tuesday says several trials have taken place and are ongoing in non-cosmopolitan towns that don't have a heterogeneous population.The committee gives some illustrative examples. The trial for a drug Rifaximin took place at Kota, Jaipur and Mumbai. \"Kota and Jaipur can hardly be classified cosmopolitan in demography,\" it says.Another trial (doxofylline) took place only in Hyderabad and Aurangabad. \"Aurangabad certainly is not a cosmopolitan city,\" it says.Sites of another trial of Ramosetran were limited to Betul, Indore and Bhopal (all in Madhya Pradesh) and Vadodara (Gujarat) - none of them being a cosmopolitan town.Trial on FDC of Etodolac with paracetamol was conducted in Maharashtra (Nagpur, Pune and Mumbai). Trials on another FDC of Aceclofenac with Drotaverine were also conducted in Maharashtra (Aurangabad, Pune and Mumbai).In the case of FDC of Diclofenac with Serratiopeptidase - India being the sole country in the world to have approved such a combination) - though trials were held at eight sites, six of them were in Pune alone and two in Mumbai. Besides, all of them were carried out by private practitioners.\"Even if a handful of individuals of different ethnic origins were residing in the towns/cities listed, the chances of their being patients and then recruitment into clinical trials were remote. On the other hand, an analysis of 164 randomly selected sites of pre-approval drug trials shows that only one site was located in Guwahati, where one can find adequate number of patients of Mongoloid origin since many of them also come from other North East states for treatment,\" it says.The Committee has recommended that while approving Phase-III clinical trials, the DCGI should ensure that the trials are spread across India so as to cover patients from major ethnic backgrounds and ensure a truly representative sample.\"The Committee is of the view that taking into account the size of our population and the enormous diversity of ethnic groups there is an urgent need to increase the minimum number of subjects that ought to be included in Phase III pre-approval clinical trials to determine safety and efficacy of new drugs before marketing permission is granted. In most Western countries the required numbers run into thousands. There should also be a corresponding increase in the number of sites so as to ensure a truly representative sample,\" the report says.The number of clinical trials taking place in India has increased substantially since 2005. As many as 2,282 trials have been approved by the DCGI between 2005 and 2010. As per the Union health ministry's status note, 1,514 subjects had died between 2008 and 2010 during clinical trials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13077618", "title": "May Queen Ball in Lucknow", "text": "The month of May is well into its second week and so, this May Queen Ball, organised by Swati Bhatia, Divi Khanna and Saloni Kesarwani, was welcomed by all the ladies with excitement.Clad in sexy outfits - both western and Indian- the guests gathered at a posh hotel to choose the prettiest among them all. PLAY WITH ME: The afternoon started with some games. Tongue twisters like 'Upper roller lower roller' and 'Baby brought the butter...' had most of them fumbling to be the winner, but it was Manisha Rawlani and Parul, who emerged winners.DRESSED TO KILL: The air was filled with compliments as the ladies admired each other's ensembles. Meenakshi Jain was complimented for her 'Vidya Balan'look in a red sari and big bindi, while Swati Bhatia was praised for her red gown.SUNO SUNO SENORITA: This joviality also had a 'cha cha cha' session where the ladies were given few basic gyan of Salsa by Charchit Sharma and Pooja Rastogi. Charchit later also danced with some of the ladies while the women walked the ramp and vied for the title of the May Queen. Seema Bogra, Priya Khanna, Preeti Bogra, Jaya and Shubhi Walia. Shubhi was crowned the winner of this pageant. She thanked her 'special friend' and along with the runner ups posed for our lensmen. There was a lot of masti off the stage where Ritika and Shivani were seen clicking photographs.Flaunting their 'beehive hairstyle' Shweta, Pooja and Priya posed for the shutterbugs. Performing the 'nagin' dance, Rashmi was appreciated for her 'killer moves'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13074666", "title": "Mother wants cops to act against her son-in-law", "text": "BANGALORE: Manjula Shankar has vowed not to spare her son-in-law, R Venugopal, and his family. She believes that she lost both her daughters to the bestiality of Venugopal to whom she had married them off.Manjula's elder daughter Ashwini married Venugopal first and was found hanging from the ceiling of her bedroom in 2008. The second daughter, Asha, who married him after her sister's death, on Wednesday succumbed to the burns she had suffered after he set her and their 18-month-old daughter ablaze in their residence. The infant, V Chandana, died on the spot on Tuesday.Firmly of the belief that Venugopal had first killed Ashiwni and then hanged her to make it look like a suicide, Manjula is now looking for legal help to re-open the case of her first daughter's death.Resident of Byadarahalli, near Sunkadakatte on Magadi Road, Manjula is now left with her son, Naveen Kumar, who is studying II BA in the Rajajinagar government college. Deserted by her husband Shankar alias Shankarappa in 2003, Manjula takes up minor tailoring assignments to eke out a living.Waiting for her the body of her younger daughter outside the Victorial Hospital mortuary, Manjula recalled that her family had never been the same after they decided to marry Ashwini to Venugopal. A day before the 2003 wedding, her husband got involved in a family brawl, was arrested and sent to jail.Venugopal used to taunt Ashwini for being a criminal's daughter. \"Ashwini was not the one who would commit suicide. Many neighbours told me that it was a cold-blooded murder and not a suicide. But I didn't have anyone to legally or financially assist me in pursuing the case,\" Manjula told TOI.Asked why Asha was married to Venugopal later, Manjula said they were emotionally blackmailed. \"Venugopal used to mix whiskey with fruit juice and give it to Pramod, Ashwini's younger son, to make him sleep. When we confronted him, he asked me for Asha's hand and said only she could take care of both his children as she was their aunt. Venugopal's parents promised us that they will also build a house for me and my son, provided Asha married Venugopal,\" Manjula said. Lured by the offers, Manjula agreed and Asha married Venugopal in 2010.\"I strongly suspect that Venugopal had murdered my elder daughter before hanging her. And this time too, he set Asha and Chandana on fire just to make it look like a suicide case. Now I want police to open Ashwini's case too,\"she said.Asha succumbs to burn injuriesHousewife Asha Venugopal who was on Tuesday set ablaze along with her daughter by her husband, in their residence at Manjunatha Layout of TC Palya, KR Puram, succumbed to burns in the wee hours of Wednesday.Her daughter, 18-month-old Chandana, had died on the spot. Neighbours had shifted Asha, who had suffered 80% burns, to Victoria Hospital.Petty businessman R Venugopal had set ablaze Asha, his second wife, and Chandana as she had opposed his plans to marry a third time.Venugopal, who now faces a double murder charge, his parents and brother are absconding. KR Puram police have launched a hunt to nab the foursome.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13074671", "title": "'Fulfill Yeshwantrao's promises to Vidarbha'", "text": "NAGPUR: Former minister and senior Congress leader Ranjit Deshmukh has congratulated the state for oragnising grand celebrations for Yeshwantrao Chavan centenary. \"Yeshwantrao was architect of modern Maharashtra. But while celebrating his centenary let us not forget that the promises he made while signing the Nagpur Pact on September 28, 1953, remain unfulfilled,\" said Deshmukh.\"At least now the government of Maharashtra should try to fulfill those assurances. That would be the honest way to pay tribute the leader,\" said Deshmukh in a press statement. \"It was Chavan who led the Herculean effort in 1960 to create Maharashtra by merging Vidarbha on the basis of language. The Nagpur Pact had specifically mentioned that no injustice would ever be allowed to happen and Vidarbha would get more than other parts of the state because of its gesture to merge with Maharashtra.\" These promises have never been fulfilled.\"It was the support of all Vidarbha MLA led by Kannamwar that enabled Yeshwantrao to become first chief minister of the new state. Soon after that, Nagpur Pact was conveniently forgotten and injustice continues to be heaped on Vidarbha till this day,\" the two-term MPCC president said. Giving Nagpur second capital status, shifting 16 government offices from Pune to here were among the promises in the Pact.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13074786", "title": "IIM-Bangalore gives some gyaan on Sakaala", "text": "BANGALORE: Why do residents in remote Bidar complain more about caste certificates while those in Dharwad are more concerned about services in the transport department? How can the government address district -specific issues? The future managers of the premier IIM-Bangalore are assisting the Karnataka government in identifying the reasons and resolving the problems. The Department of Personnel and Administrative Reforms (DPAR) has collaborated with IIM-B for implementing Sakaala.Shalini Rajneesh, principal secretary, DPAR, said that the B-school was engaged in the functioning of Sakaala right from its pre-launch period. \"We have taken the assistance of IIM-B in the pre-launch of Sakaala in training seven departments.''The findings of IIM-B report on Sakaala's performance during the pilot project give a glimpse of the requirement of services in different districts. \"In Aurad, a taluk in Bidar, the service was mostly used for problems concerning the revenue department. Over 63% of the receipts received were for various caste certificates and 30% of them were for various income certificates. In a slightly developed taluk like Puttur or Dharwad, the services shifted to transport department for vehicle registration.In Bangalore, of the 38,204 receipts received, 99% concerned the commercial taxes department. There were only 540 requests for BBMP. These findings make DPAR understand the priorities in different districts and bring changes accordingly,\" said Sridhar Pabbisetty, chief operating officer, Center for Public Policy at IIM-Bangalore.Has Sakaala touched upon every service where public experience showed that it was not easy to get the work done? \"Not fully. It is true that not all the sought-after services of the state government have been included in Sakaala as of now. But we began with the most stable services to establish Sakaala first. During our survey in Puttur, the officials themselves asked us to include services like pension and transfer of ownership of vehicle. The objective is to enlarge the set of services. We are in the process of identifying the public requirement,\" Sridhar said.In April, the IIM-B team conducted a special study at Puttur and Mangalore. \"We observed that in Puttur, the public is comparatively less cynical about government services. The government services have been delivered on time even before the implementation of Sakaala. The officials said they lacked an overall monitoring system, which Sakaala provided them,\" said Sridhar.Just like the urban development department had a meeting with the members of Resident Welfare Associations recently, team Sakaala will conduct similar public meetings with the members of consumer rights forum. \"In June, we will conduct a statewide meeting with the consumer rights association and consumer clubs to bring awareness about the citizens charter. It will be done with the technical assistance of IIM-B,\" Shalini Rajneesh said.IIM-B suggestionsA roadmap has to be drawn to enlarge the number of services that are covered under Sakaala and bring in more government departments under its ambit.Statistics speakOf the 1,32,304 receipts received in March by the 11 departments, 79% of them were directed to the commercial taxes department followed by 11% to the transport department and 6% to the revenue department", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13073125", "title": "Retinoblastoma affects 9k children each year worldwide", "text": "CHANDIGARH: World Retinoblastoma Week is being celebrated all over the world from May 13 to 19. The department of ophthalmology in PGI, which has been running a special clinic and is the only centre in North India in treating retinoblastoma (Rb), has invited parents of such children to narrate their stories of success. The department has registered 566 cases till date. Distribution of flyers and posters will also be done in the nearby dispensaries so that there is more awareness regarding RB.Every year, 300,000 children (0-15 years) develop cancer around the world. 85% live in developing countries and 240,000 (80%) will not survive five years. Retinoblastoma (Rb) is a rare eye cancer that forms in the eyes of babies and young children. Tumours usually develop before the age of three. Rb can affect one eye (unilateral) or both eyes (bilateral) and a child can have multiple tumours in one or both eyes. The cancer does not spread from one eye to the other. Each tumour is caused by a unique genetic change in a single retinal cell. Retinoblastoma affects 1:15-20,000 live births or around 9,000 children each year worldwide. It affects boys and girls equally, and is not more common in any race or area of the world.The cancer accounts for about 3% of childhood cancer in developed countries. In large, growing populations, it can account for as much as 15% of childhood cancers due to a higher proportion of the population under five years.\"Treatment of these patients extends over many months and need follow up for life long for adequate control of disease. Hence, completion of treatment and regular timely follow up becomes the responsibility of the treating physician and parents of the affected child,\" said Dr Usha Singh, department of ophthalmology, PGI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13074722", "title": "Viswanathan Anand looks to extend his reign against Boris Gelfand in Moscow", "text": "Viswanathan Anand's four world titles are history. Each of them put him on a higher pedestal than the previous one. On that count, a fifth one against Boris Gelfand of Israel may not mean much to him as he already has the chess world at his feet as his opponent is not in the same league as his previous two match rivals, Vladimir Kramnik of Russia or Veselin Topalov of Bulgaria.Yet, this match starting at Russia's Tretyakov Gallery on Thursday, may have unexpected significance because the contestants are dissimilar in rating and achievements. This may push Anand to the brink of complacency as the world champion chases his fifth crown. The first of Anand's titles, in Tehran in 2000, was a path breaking effort though he had an easy time against Alexei Shirov of Spain in the final. The second, seven years later, was equally important as questions were raised about the Indian's status as an ex-world champion and a top player.The Mexico title could not settle the dust and it needed an exceptional performance in Bonn against Kramnik in 2008 in a 12-game match to prove that he was the undisputed world champion.Another gruelling title in Sofia in 2010 against Topalov, who had risen above the Indian in ranking, confirmed that the world champion had no challenge left.Anand and Gelfand, arguably the most pleasant chess Grandmasters in the top league, are, however, poles apart in their career graph. Four-time world champion Anand has nothing more to achieve while Boris Gelfand has not even got any close to his first world title. The Indian has won almost everything in chess at 42.The protagonists are similar in one respect, though. They are of the same age (Boris is older by almost a year) and they began their professional career around the same time. Everything else is a world apart.Boris' graph, apart from his recent run, still shows him at his best when he was in his early 20s; Anand got better and better in the most logical pattern until he won his first title in 2000.The match lacks in glamour as Boris does not bring excitement to the contest as heavyweights Magnus Carlsen, Levon Aronian, Ruslan Ponomariov or Teimour Radjabov are all outside the arena.Herein lies the catch. The overwhelming favourite has not triumphed in the WCC history on all occasions. On the contrary, two striking instances tell us how Alexander Alekhine of the Soviet Union lost to Max Euwe of the Netherlands in 1 9 3 5 a n d then Gar ry Kasparov bowed to Kramnik in 2000 in a match that was heavily loaded in favour of the former. So, Anand may not like the world telling him that he is the favourite by miles, especially after he has won worthy matches against chess giants Kramnik and Topalov in the last four years.Form, rating, past record, head-tohead scores and experience, all favour the Indian but there is something else in a match that has 12 games and is decided by outside factors like psychology and a player's ability to throw up surprises.Former world champion Anatoly Karpov made an interesting observation when he analyzed Anand's chances against Gelfand. \"They are close in age, and it seems to me that the difference in their strength in chess was more marked in the past.\"We have to bear in mind that Gelfand still has ambitions and the desire to scale new heights and become the world champion , while Anand possibly no longer has the sharpness with which he approached his first match and his title. Of course, he wants to maintain the status quo, but does he have the nerves? It seems to me that he is nervously more worn-out than Gelfand,\" noted Karpov.This is a different view and all this will be hotly debated during the next three weeks. Put your thinking caps on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "13071994", "title": "Molesters kill man in Ghaziabad", "text": "GHAZIABAD: A 35-year-old man was stabbed to death for objecting to eve-teasing of his wife in Masauri area of Ghaziabad on Tuesday night, the police said. The deceased has been identified as Netrapal, a native of Bulandshahr, who was living with his wife Seema in Yadav Colony of Masauri in a rented accommodation. Both the accused have been arrested.SP (Rural) Jagdish Sharma said, \"A neighbour, Makkhan Singh, living on the third floor, used to pass lewd comments at the deceased's wife. Two days back, they had a heated argument over this but the matter was sorted out by police intervention.\" On Tuesday, at 11pm, when both the men were drunk, they again had an argument. The deceased's wife then called her family members, including her brother Ravi who also lives in the same area.\"The seven family members of the deceased swooped down on the accused and his nephew, but as Makkhan is well-built he overpowered them. The deceased then ran towards the fourth floor to save himself, but the accused caught him and stabbed him to death along with his nephew Yogender. Makkhan then locked himself in a room,\" Sharma said. Ravi also sustained injuries while trying to rescue Netrapal.Local residents then informed the police who arrested the accused. The deceased was rushed to a nearby hospital where he was declared brought dead. Following the incident, the deceased's family left the city and went to Inayatpur in Bulandshahr. \"The weapon used in the crime has been recovered,\" Sharma added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13073683", "title": "Haryana women and child development department finds jeans, T-shirts indecent", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Haryana women and child development department has barred employees from wearing jeans and T-shirts, which it thinks is an example of \"indecent sense of dressing.\"The department has advised the staff to wear \"decent\" clothes like \"sari/salwar-kameez with dupatta\" for women and \"pant-shirt\" for men.The order stated: \"It has been observed that some officers/officials come to office in jeans/T-shirts/western dresses, which sometimes not only look odd, but is also in contravention of government rules.\"It goes on to add that failing to comply with these orders would be \"viewed seriously\".Besides, it also directs the branch officers to ensure that officials working under them comply with the orders.Over 25,000 women work for Integrated Child Development Scheme (ICDS) and Integrated Child Protection Scheme (ICPS) of the department while the number of male employees under these schemes is negligible.Slamming the orders, ICDS Supervisors' Welfare Association has announced to initiate an agitation, if the order was not withdrawn immediately.\"This circular is just a joke and amounts disrespect towards women,\" said Savita Malik, state president of the association.\"Women and child development department is to empower the women, not vice-a-versa. Such orders reflect conservative and feudal mindset,\" said Malik.\"This is an attack on the freedom to wear dress by the women. Employees should be allowed to wear as per their convenience. Such decisions send negative signals in a state which is already facing skewed sex ratio. In such an atmosphere, it would be difficult to stop malpractices like female foeticide,\" Malik pointed out.\"We have not seen any instance where the dress of women employees had become a hurdle in their duty in the department,\" she maintained.Intervening swiftly in the matter, social welfare minister, Geeta Bhukkal, under whom the WCD functions, said that the word \"decent clothes\" would be replaced by \"formal clothes.\"Bhukkal said: \"Wearing jeans is not indecent. The usage of words in the order was not proper. Otherwise, there is a dress code for various professions. Judges, lawyers, doctors, etc., everyone has to adhere to the prescribed dress code.\" The order was not passed by the government but by the director of the WCD department, she clarified.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13074018", "title": "Scattered rains make heat unbearable for denizens", "text": "KANPUR: The city witnessed scattered rains in the wee hours on Wednesday which further added to woes of the people as the humidity made the day unbearable.Heavy clouds were witnessed on Wednesday morning but later the sky cleared. The scattered rains which were expected to give respite from the heat, left the denizens a fatigued lot. The cloud cover also increased the minimum temperature which crossed the mark of normal value on Wednesday. The maximum temperature however remained similar to Tuesday.The denizens were witnessed sweating it out, yearning for a respite from the heat. Around noon, most streets wore a deserted look. The heat proved a blessing to many others though. Roadside vendors and fruit shops selling tender coconuts and cold drinks did brisk business.The maximum temperature recorded was 39.8 degree Celsius, while the minimum temperature crossed the mark of 24.8 degrees. The humidity, which was at 36% in the morning, reduced to 23% in afternoon hours.According to the weather experts of Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology, the rains were the effect of western disturbances which brought scattered rains in several parts of the state. However, these rains have paved way for even higher temperature in the days to come.Denying any chances of heavy rains, Anirudh Dubey, meteorologist at CSA, said, \"summer rains can't be predicted accurately because of the sudden atmospheric changes. Even if rains hit the city for a day or two, the effect will not last for long.\"He added that scattered rains or thundershowers may ensure only temporary respite and hotter days were ahead.Importantly, known for its hot climatic conditions in this part of the year, the city has been reeling under unprecedented heat for the past few days making life extremely difficult.No respite from heat was predicted even by the weather experts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13074520", "title": "State-run air-conditioned buses drive into losses", "text": "NAGPUR: The elite 'Shivneri' air-conditioned Volvo buses on Nagpur-Pune and Nagpur-Hyderabad routes have become a white elephant for Nagpur division of Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) due to poor occupancy. During peak holiday season when private players are operating over 25 buses on Nagpur-Pune route and almost 10 to 15 buses on Nagpur-Hyderabad route with full occupancy, MSRTC is planning to discontinue its AC bus services to these cities. A proposal in this regard has already been sent to MSRTC headquarters, a senior official requesting anonymity disclosed.MSRTC officials admit the buses were running into heavy losses as their operating cost was more than the earnings. They said these services just failed to click. The main reason why the services failed to click is higher fare kept by MSRTC. MSRTC charges Rs 1210 for Pune compared to Rs 900 to Rs 1100 charged by private operators. Similarly, MSRTC charges Rs 837 for Hyderabad against Rs 700 to Rs 750 in private buses.Initially, the Pune bus had received good response but then the passengers dropped. The only thing in favour of MSRTC is that it keeps the fare constant even during Diwali holidays when private operators jack up the rate to Rs 1500 or beyond. MSRTC justifies its higher charges on account of better facilities like operations from bus-stands, provision of relief buses in case of technical failure, and insurance of passengers. Apparently, they do not cut much ice with travellers.Also, private buses take less time to reach their destination than MSRTC buses, an official admitted added. This is because they do not over-speed for safety reasons and stop only at specified bus-stands along the route. Rajiv Ghatole, MSRTC's Nagpur divisional controller, confirmed that both the semi sleeper buses were operating with very poor occupancy and making losses. Just because of these Volvo services, Nagpur division was incurring a loss of Rs 15 to Rs 20 lakh each month, he added.Ghatole said, \"MSRTC tried to provide a comfortable bus service with total safety of passengers. The buses are equipped with latest technology like GPS system, speed control, over speeding alerts, and have comfortable seats for overnight journey. Recently LCD monitors were also installed on them. Yet there are no takers for Shivneri.\"Nagpur: Despite the fact that many private buses are involved in accidents and private players make a killing by increasing fares without giving insurance about safety and security, passengers have ignored towards MSRTC's elite air-conditioned 'Shivneri' Volvo buses on Nagpur-Hyderabad and Nagpur-Pune route.Passengers said that they refused to travel by MSRTC's Volvo buses because of their exorbitant fares and the fact that only single bus operated from both sides as compared to parallel services by private operators. MSRTC has kept the fares fixed at Rs 1,210 for Pune and Rs 837 for Hyderabad while private players operating over 25 to 30 buses on Nagpur-Pune route have kept its fare from Rs 900 to 1100 and Hyderabad from Rs 700 to 750.MSRTC had introduced 73 air-conditioned semi luxury Volvo buses in the state on various routes. Except for services of Dadar-Pune and Nasik-Pune route, buses on all other routes including Nagpur-Hyderabad and Nagpur-Pune are running in heavy losses, sources at MSRTC said.A senior citizen Vidyadhar Sahare complained that although MSRTC services are reliable and safe, they don't give concession to senior citizens like in other buses. \"The journey by MSRTC buses is time consuming as they make halts at every bus stand for 10 to 15 minutes. Private buses takes less time to reach to their destination and that too at cheaper fares,\" he added.Another passenger Nilay Amin said that apart from fares, MSRTC bus stands toilets are not clean and drinking water and other facilities like canteen are unavailable for passengers. \"Although private operators charge more in festival season, but at present they have economical fares. The private buses stop at fixed eateries which provide passengers good food,\" he said.Echoing similar views, Mayatai Kadwe said, \"Last time I she tried to book MSRTC's Volvo bus ticket, she was denied senior citizens' concession. They said the facility was not available in Pune buses. Therefore, I took the train where I got concession.\"MSRTC senior officials also admit that facilities such as senior citizens' concessions, competitive fares and good amenities at halts would go a long way in attracting citizens.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13074023", "title": "Ajit Pawar must clear air on irrigation projects: CM", "text": "MUMBAI: Unease continued between coalition partners, the Congress and Nationalist Congress Party (NCP), as both countered each other on various issues, the latest being the performance of the state's irrigation department.Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan took a dig at his deputy, Ajit Pawar, of the NCP. \"Let them (Pawar and his departments) come out and say the numbers I quoted were wrong. These are the figures from the economic survey report, prepared under the guidance of the planning and irrigation departments,\" Chavan told ToI from New Delhi on Tuesday.The latest spat between the Democratic Front alliance partners was triggered after Pawar and irrigation minister Sunil Tatkare refuted Chavan's claims that Maharashtra has seen a mere 0.1% increase in irrigation potential in 10 years. Chavan had quoted the numbers at a recent function, in what many called a veiled dig at the irrigation and planning departments, which are under the NCP's control.Chavan announced a white paper on irrigation projects undertaken in the past 10 years following reports of cost-escalation. The irrigation department has been with the NCP since 1999.Chavan had said that only 17% land is under irrigation, but Pawar and Tatkare pegged the percentage at 28. Pawar had said the chief minister should have verified his facts before making the statement.Chavan told ToI that the state economic survey has been painting a bleak picture of the irrigation scenario for many years. The state government has spent Rs8,000 crore each year on irrigation projects in the past 10 years, but development on the ground has been minimum. \"We owe it to the people of this state to give them a clear picture on the irrigation scenario. There is nothing wrong in introspecting what has been wrong,\" said Chavan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13077629", "title": "Gupz Saund is famous after 'The Glimpse'", "text": "Gupz Saund came to prominence following the release of his debut solo album 'The Glimpse' (2009), which includes hits like 'Afreen', 'Ishaare', 'Jogi' and 'Punjabi'.Apart from being one of the very few Kenyan musicians to ever get Nominated and emerging winner in the Kisima National Music awards for two consecutive years, Gupz Saund is also the first artist in Kenyan history to claim 4th Position on the iTunes World Music Chart!Kerre Velle featuring Metz &amp; Trix took over the charts and enjoyed widespread Radio and club plays in Africa, India, England, America, Ibiza and Amsterdam. The Track also held the number one spot for weeks on The Network Chart Show, Sunrise Radio, with Deepa Rai.After a successful career on Radio for over a decade (and counting) Gupz Saund is back! This time, he teams up with Canadian Rapper Extraordinaire Blitzkrieg! With the music crafted, produced, sung, mixed and mastered by Gupz Saund. Now extensively touring Africa and beyond its seas, Gupz Saund promises 'Hey Hey' to be an insight. A Story of the party scene in Africa!'Come see us some time, Kenya is the place to be'! he says.Hey Hey - Gupz Saund Ft Blitzkrieg is the 3rd and final Single from his forthcoming album Eclipse - The TakeoverSource: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13071886", "title": "Nomination form of Independent rejected", "text": "NASHIK: The nomination form of Independent candidate Amin Khan Haji Shabbir Khan, for the election of member of legislative council, was rejected during the scrutiny process on Tuesday, on the grounds that it was not attested.The district election officer and the district collector scrutinized the nomination forms of the six candidates at the district collector's office. Forms of Jayant Jadhav of the NCP, Amin Khan Haji Shabbir Khan (Independent), Shivaji Sahane of Shiv Sena , Pawan Thakre (Independent), Shaikh Salim of the MNS and Congress rebel Rajendra Chavanke (Independent) were checked.It was found that Khan had not got his copy of the nomination form attested. He was asked to do so before 4pm on Tuesday, but he failed to appear with the attested copy, leading to his nomination form being rejected.Now, five candidates are in the fray for one post. The last date for withdrawal of forms being Thursday, meetings were being held till Wednesday evening to arrive at a possible consensus by various parties.Sources said that attempts were being made to mollify Congress rebel Chavanke.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13075416", "title": "Jhina Hikaka in a catch-22 situation", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Surrounded by armed police round the clock, BJD legislator Jhina Hikaka is living a pent up life in his official quarter at MLA colony here, a life much in contrast to his politician colleagues, and a life the tribal leader is not familiar with. But the 37-year-old legislator appears to have little choice in hand, oscillating between the dictates of the Maoists to resign as MLA and chief minister Naveen Patnaik's order not to do so.Since his release from Maoist captivity, the tribal lawmaker has been dodging questions about his future course of action. \"I am still thinking what to do. I have not yet taken a final decision. The chief minister was not here. Now that he is back in Bhubaneswar I will meet him and discuss. Within two-three days I will take a decision. The Maoists had not set any deadline for my resignation,\" Hikaka has told TOI. That the MLA was in no mood to resign straightaway was clear from his face when he emerged from the Maoists' den after 34 days of captivity. Prior to that, however, he had agreed to the rebels' demands of resigning from the party MLA's post, ostensibly to save his life.As if to compensate for Hikaka's silence on the matter, chief minister Naveen Patnaik has repeated a number of times that his MLA would not succumb to extremists' pressure. \"I say that in democracy no one should be pressurized to resign. This includes Mr Jhina Hikaka,\" Naveen said here on Tuesday after returning from New Delhi, reiterating his stand. \"The job of MLAs and MPs is to serve people for five years. No one should resign under illegal and unconstitutional force,\" he pointed out.On the other hand, it is no secret that the Maoists, through the two high profile kidnappings, involving two Italian nationals and the MLA, brought the Naveen government to their knees to agree to release 27 of their people including withdrawal of cases against 13. For them, the bonus point was forcing Hikaka to announce resignation at their so-called 'Praja Court'.Meanwhile, BJD insiders are describing the chief minister's forthright stand on the matter as an 'image makeover' move. They say the government's meek surrender to the Maoists preceded by the BJD's post-panchayat election alliance with the Chasi Mulia Adivasi Sangha in Koraput district has earned the government enough flak. \"If Hikaka bows down to the Maoist pressure and resign at this juncture it would be a further loss of face for the government and the chief minister as well,\" said a senior BJD leader.Hikaka, immediately after his release, had stated that the Maoists would release a tape in the next few days clarifying on his resignation. The rebels have not done this yet, strengthening speculation that there might have been back channel negotiations. \"Maoists are known for extracting money from industrial houses, politicians and other sources. One cannot rule out the exchange of money in kidnapping incidents, be that in Odisha or Chhattisgarh ,\" remarked a senior police official.Amidst this, Hikaka evidently has landed in the proverbial catch-22 situation. He may avoid discussing the resignation issue in public, but that he is at his wit's end on the matter, is anybody's guess.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13072604", "title": "Man arrested for forging identity documents", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Special Operations Group (SOG) has arrested a man for preparing fake identity documents. The operation was carried out during routine checking of all hotels and guest houses following the terror alert recently issued by the central intelligence agencies.A Central Intelligence Bureau alert has warned of a possible terror strike in four states - Gujarat, Maharashtra, Punjab and Haryana. The terror missive also specified that Ahmedabad and Jamnagar are the two Gujarat cities that are possible terror targets.After the terror alert, SOG officials started scouring hotels and guest houses for suspicious characters. During the drive, the SOG officials learnt that the documents submitted by several customers as identity proofs at the hotels and guest houses were mostly forged.Based on a tip-off, the cops put a shop in Narayan Chambers on the Ashram Road under surveillance. \"We had a tip-off that owner of a shop - Twinkle Graphics and Copiers - Madan Kumar Jha was supplying these documents to anybody who would pay a fee,\" said an SOG official.On Wednesday, the SOG officials sent some constables posing as customers. They approached Jha and sought to purchase a fake election card and a duplicate telephone bill. Jha quickly clicked their photos and prepared an election card and telephone bill. He handed the fake documents over to the cops for a paltry sum of Rs 140.At this juncture, one of the constables called his team members standing near by. SOG inspector S M Chaudhary rushed in with his team. Upon scrutinizing Jha's computer records, the cops found that in the last one year Jha had made no less than 200 fake identity documents. Jha, said police, hails from Darbhanga, Bhiar and now stays in Ghatlodia.\"We have to probe who these 200 people are and to what use these fake documents were put to,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13072961", "title": "National Commission for Protection of Child Rights suggests government measures to prevent child abuse", "text": "GURGAON: In the wake of the recent sexual abuse of minor girls at a city-based child shelter home, Suparaana Ka Aangan, the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) has recommended a series of measures, interim as well as long-term, to the Haryana government, and sought a reply in a time-bound manner.In a May 7 letter to the Haryana chief secretary, the NCPCR has recommended the preparation of a social investigation report of every rescued child and making proper arrangements for their well-being and schooling among other measures. The administration has been asked to collect information about the children whose files were found in the child shelter home, besides providing counselling to the five minor girls who had complained of sexual abuse by the NGO caretaker.Noting the rise in child right violation cases in Gurgaon in the past couple of years, the commission has suggested that the state's department of women and child development send a proposal to the Women and Child Development ministry within three months for setting up a child care institution in Gurgaon as discussed in the Project Approval Board meet.Besides, the commission has recommended mapping of all the child-care institutions in the district on a priority basis and forward the list to the ministry, state department concerned, and to the commission. Twenty-two child-care institutions have been identified in the district. The state government has been asked to ensure registration of such institutions within three months as per the provisions of the Juvenile Justice (Care &amp; Protection of Children) Act 2000.After an inspection of the two buildings of the child shelter home in Wazirabad, Sector 52, on May 5, an NCPCR team led by Vinod Kumar Tikoo has also suggested interim measures. As the condition of building number 1, housing girls aged 5-13 years, was found to be completely unhygienic and unlivable, the commission asked to make arrangements for spraying of disinfectant in the entire building and keep it clean.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13076733", "title": "Go Desi with Toronto Desifest 2012", "text": "Desifest, presented by Rogers Communications , is set to celebrate another year of outstanding South Asian music and talent. Desifest, the largest South Asian music concert, produced by Namaste Marketing Group and will be hosted at Yonge -Dundas Square in Toronto , on Saturday May 26, 2012.Desifest kicks off the summer with thousands celebrating South Asian musicians and artists. Featuring 12 hours of entertaining musical and dance performances in the heart of downtown Toronto, Desifest gives audiences of all ages and cultures the opportunity to enjoy South Asian music, arts and culture. Festival attendees have the opportunity to enjoy South Asian delicacies in the food market, artisans in the merchant market, Rogers dance booth, and the Kid's Zone.\"At Rogers, we are thrilled to continue to present the largest South Asian music festival in Canada,\" said Steven Sarfin, Senior Director, FIDO and Multicultural Marketing at Rogers Communications. \"It's important for us to partner with Desifest and build a bridge to our South Asian community by creating opportunities for them to shine, entertain and inspire thousands here in Canada.\"Over 150 artists have participated in Desifest over the past five years, including; Apache Indian , JoSH, Taz &amp; Stereo Nation, Anita Lerche , Raghav, Roach Killa, The Bilz &amp; Kashif, Parichay and Shweta among many others. This year's line-up continues to showcase a mix of new artists and veterans, who have had successes over the years locally and internationally in the music industry.\"The past five years of Desifest have been incredible for us and the arts community across Canada and we look forward to another inspiring event this year in Toronto,\" says Sathish Bala, Desifest founder and creative director. \"We continue to create new and exciting opportunities for Desifest with the support of our sponsors like Rogers, OMNI and CIBC and our loyal Desifest fans.\"This year's featured act, The Stanger Family, is one of the hottest live acts on the British-Asian music scene. Consisting of Mumzy Stranger, Junai Kaiden, Tasha Tah, Ramee and Char Avell, the group covers a wide range of musical vibes and genres. And they can sing in nearly all the South Asian sub-continent languages - Punjabi, Hindi, Urdu and Bengali!The Stranger Family is just one of many acts that will converge for a full 12 hours on May 26th. Also included in the celebration are Parichay, Roach Killa, Shweta Subram, Blitzkrieg and more!So make sure to mark your calendars! You don't want to miss out on this 12-hour, free music !Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "bhagalpur", "code": "13073430", "title": "1kg RDX, 40 hand grenades found", "text": "BHAGALPUR: Police on Wednesday recovered one kg RDX, 40 hand grenades, a police rifle and empty cartridges from a Maoist hideout in the adjoining Banka district. The recoveries were made during anti-Maoist operation conducted in the Bagdeshwa forest range under the Belhar police station in Banka district on the basis of classified information received by the district police.Separate teams of CRPF, STF and district police were engaged in the combing operation, Banka SP Vikash Burman said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13074793", "title": "Heritage rice fest in city on May 13", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 'Heritage Rice Festival' will be conducted on May 13 at the Venkatalakshmi Kalyana Mandapam in Trichy Road near Singanallur by a private college. Various dishes made from traditional varieties of rice will be available at the fest.Ajeet Kumar Lal Mohan, the Secretary of AJK College of Arts and Sciences in a press meet on Wednesday said the fest will showcase several traditional rice items.He said the fest aims to promote traditional dishes. \"The present generation is more interested in fast food. There are various traditional dishes which are healthy and delicious,\" he said.Ajeet said their hotel management students, who are conducting the fest, sourced various traditional recipes from people across the state. He also said that people familiar with the dishes will assist in their preparation.\"Many of the dishes like Orappam are new to present generation cooks. So we brought in a few people from Nagarcoil, Kanyakumari and other places to help prepare those dishes,\" he said.He said the recipes of many dishes will be interesting. \"'Seepu palakaram' is a dish which looks like a comb. Long combs are used to give shape to the snack. Orappam is another interesting dish, popular in Kanyakumari which takes a day to be made.Some rice varieties they are using are the Kollen Samba, Kottaram Samba and several others which have been sourced from Kanyakumari, Thanjavoor, Thoothukudi and other places.The dishes including snacks and 'payasams' will be made using traditional rice varieties. They sourced several varieties of rice from Kanyakumari and other places. For this, they have brought in around 11 varieties of traditional rice brought from rural markets in other districts, he said.A cookery contest has been announced. \"Those interested can prepare traditional rice dishes and bring them. They will be quizzed on the recipes and the best will be awarded,\" he said. The fest will be conducted from 6.30pm to 9.30pm. The contest will be before the contest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13071951", "title": "Fogging contract to expire on May 20, no provisions made", "text": "NASHIK: The contract of the agency responsible for fogging will expire on May 20, but the civic body has not made any provision as yet for a new contract. The health department, however, said that a proposal to extend the contract of the existing agency has been sent to the general body and municipal commissioner.A private agency has been carrying out fogging and spraying pesticide activities for the health department of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC). The department proposed the contract of the agency be extended till the code of conduct of over and a new tender issued.\"We had put up a proposal for the general body meeting but the code of conduct was imposed immediately after that. I have written about it to the officiating municipal commissioner last week. He has not yet replied,\" said health official Dr S G Hiray.On asking if the extension of the contract is permissible, he said that it was. \"Whether a contract can be extended or not depends upon the decision taken at the general body meeting when the proposal was extendedIn case of the octroi collection, there was no provision for extension of the contract, but in this case, it is not so,\" said Hiray.The increasing number of mosquitoes has been brought to the notice of the administration by the corporators and citizens and they have also complained that fogging activity was not being carried out. Hiray said the spraying of pesticides was regularly done in the mornings and fogging in the evenings in all divisions.Corporators have rubbished these claims and said that this was a major issue related to the health of citizens and had to be taken up with the official civic chief in the standing committee meeting. However, his absence is delaying the solution to this problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13072948", "title": "15% houses have no toilets in Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: On the one hand, Gurgaon has the highest internet penetration in India, while on the other hand, as many as 15% households lack basic sanitation facilities like toilet.Out of 3,20,642 houses that were enumerated during census, only 2,71,169 have toilets. The Census 2011 report has revealed that 49,473 households in Gurgaon don't have access to toilets.While in the urban areas over 19,214 households don't have toilets, 30,259 households lack basic sanitation facilities in rural areas.The shocking figures are a pointer to the failure of the state government's effort to provide basic facilities in villages and urban areas.According to the census report, 29,993 households, about 9%, don't have bathrooms. The occupants from these houses bathe in the open leading to a health crisis and land pollution. The data further reveals that in urban Gurgaon, 14,629 households lack bathrooms while the corresponding figures in the rural region is 5,304.To provide toilet facility to everyone, the city administration has announced schemes like mobile toilets. The Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) has tied up with a private firm to maintain mobile toilets in the city and has plans to reach out to the rural areas in the district.HUDA has already installed six such toilets near IFFCO Chowk. The firm will supply 400 such toilets in next two months. Senior HUDA officials claimed that mobile toilets would be made available at all major crossings, parks, government institutions, markets and slums. The firm will be paid Rs 38,000 for maintenance of these toilets.In the neighbouring district of Faridabad things are even worse with as many as 39,254 households lacking bathrooms. As per the data, 25,793 households in urban and 13,461 households in rural areas are without bathrooms. Similarly, in Faridabad 56,667 households lack toilets which is around 16 % of the total households 353066.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13073958", "title": "Water crisis in trans-Gomti may end today", "text": "LUCKNOW: If irrigation department is to be believed, the water crisis faced by the residents of Indiranagar and Gomtinagar might be addressed by Thursday afternoon.The department claimed that the water from Sharda barrage on Sharda Sahayak Canal has been released and would reach the third water works in the state capital within next 24 hours. The water woks which supplies water to many parts of Indiranagar and Gomtinagar was not getting the supply from the canal because of water from Ghaghra was not being released. As a result, the water works has been using water in Kathautha lake for supply. The water level of the lake has dropped considerably in the past ten days forcing authorities to reduce the water supply by 50%When contacted, irrigation department officers said that supply from Ghaghra to Sharda canal has been restored. It will reach water works in Lucknow by Thursday, they added.The residents have been facing acute water issues for the past 10 days. \"I never thought while living in such a posh area I will have to face such a hard time. The water is supplied only two times in a day and that too just for half an hour,\" said Saya Banerjee, a housewife, resident of Gomti Nagar. A resident of Indranagar Satish Kumar , a retired government officer said, \"People living in the ground floor get some water supply but those in the higher floors are not getting any even a drop.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13073561", "title": "We paid price for dropping Gayle: Harbhajan Singh", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbai Indians captain Harbhajan Singh on Wednesday rued that the reprieve given to Chris Gayle early in Royal Challengers Bangalore's run chase cost his side their IPL match which they lost by nine wickets.Gayle was dropped when he was on 21 by Dwayne Smith off the bowling of RP Singh and the RCB opener went on to score an unbeaten 82 to guide the visiting side to a nine-wicket win at the Wankhede Stadium.\"If we had taken Gayle's wicket the result of the match could have been different. We are a way better side than this,\" Harbhajan said after his side lost the match with two overs to spare.\"We're not disappointed. It was a good toss to win for RCB. We were 15-20 runs short but we have four more games to play,\" he added.RCB captain Virat Kohli was a satisfied man that his side beat a strong team at their own backyard.\"To beat them at home is a good feeling for us. I wasn't feeling too great when I was batting in the previous matches but my team-mates backed me.\"Man of the Match Gayle, who got the Orange Cap on Wednesday, said, \"It was a good team effort today. We knew we had to see off Lasith Malinga. We were expecting two overs up front from him but he bowled three.\"Asked about the so many MoM awards in the IPL so far, he joked, \"The room for trophies is in the process of being built.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13073366", "title": "Complete Jay Prakash Narayan All India Institute of Medical Sciences building before October 2: HC", "text": "PATNA: The Patna high court (HC) on Wednesday directed the contractor engaged in construction of hospital building of Jay Prakash Narayan All India Institute of Medical Sciences (JPNAIIMS), Phulwarisharif, to complete the work before October 2 or face realization of 10 per cent of the project work cost as penalty.A division bench, comprising Justice P C Verma and Justice A K Trivedi, issued the directive during hearing of the PIL of the Council for Protection of Public Rights and Welfare seeking early completion of the JPNAIIMS which was envisioned to provide super specialty treatment of different diseases to the people of eastern India.The court directed that the financial adviser of the JPNAIIMS project would not be removed till the order of the court. The court directed a core committee, comprising the state and Central government officials, which was constituted by the court earlier, to submit its report regarding status of construction of JPNAIIMS building to CM Nitish Kumar by May 15.The judges expressed surprise when the Central government counsel, Vinay Pandey, submitted that the contractor, V N Kashyap, was given most of the project work cost for construction of the building before its completion. The court asked how could this have happened.Representing the contractor, his counsel, Y V Giri, said that he would give reply in an affidavit during the next hearing of the case.He submitted that construction of the building would be completed by the month of July.State government's standing counsel Shashi Bhushan Kumar submitted the report of lawyers' committee to the court which said that by October 2 the JPNAIIMS is supposed to become functional, but due to slow pace of work the completion of construction of the hospital building appears to be a remote possibility.The PIL will be heard again after a week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13074541", "title": "SHRC seeks action against HM on student's death", "text": "MANGALORE: The State Human Rights Commission (SHRC) has directed the department of public instruction to initiate action against K Ratna, former headmistress of the Golithattu Government Higher Primary School in Puttur taluk, in connection with the death of Deepika, a class VII student of the school.Deepika was killed when an almirah kept in her classroom fell on her in June, 2009.Despite the gravity of the incident, the department had given a quiet burial to the case by denying one year's increment to Deepika's teacher K Vatsala. Headmistress K Ratna was later transferred to another school in Uppinangady.SHRC has directed deputy director of the department Moses Jayashekar to take action against the headmistress. However, Moses told TOI that he has not received the commission's instruction. \"I have not received any directions from SHRC. I do not know the incident in detail as I was not the DDPI then. I have to go through the file regarding the girl's death before commenting on it,\" he said and added that he would follow the directions of the commission once he received it.Puttur block education officer Sheshashayana claimed that the department had also filed a police complaint. On allegations that the almirah had fallen on earlier occasions too injuring students, he said that he was not aware of it as he had joined later.Vatsala, who was a witness to the incident, said that the almirah had fallen on Deepika due to heavy wind on a rainy day. \"It was an incident of natural calamity. The almirah had fallen because of gusty wind on that day,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13073918", "title": "Polytechnic course a hit among Madhya Pradesh students", "text": "BHOPAL: Blame it on the mushrooming of engineering colleges or the lack of quality education and poor placement scenario in these institutions, students of Madhya Pradesh seem to have started looking for another career options. If the numbers are any indication, students of late consider the three-year polytechnic diploma much safer option as compared to the four-year degree in engineering.Around 1.15 lakh students have applied for the pre-polytechnic test (PPT) for 13,876 seats this year. On the contrary, almost the same number of candidates applied for pre-engineering test (PET) where around 1 lakh seats are available. PPT is scheduled to be organised by Madhya Pradesh Professional Education Board ( MPPEB) on June 17.The last five-year trend suggests that polytechnic course may turn hot favourite among the students in near future. Except in 2009, the number of applicants has been on the rise. In 2008, around 69,000 students appeared for the entrance test of polytechnic. The number increased to 81,457 in 2010. The following year witnessed an addition of another 14,000 students when 93,495 students appeared for the exam.This year, the number has gone up to 1.15 lakh, about 22 thousand more than the last year's figure. There are 65 polytechnics including three private institutes in the state.A recruitment agency on the condition of anonymity claimed that the students with polytechnic diploma holders are more preferred these days. \" They are technically sound and possess better practical knowledge. Also, they are generally willing to relocate to any place,\" he said.On the other hand, every year almost 25 per cent seat remains vacant in 218 engineering colleges across the state.When asked about the trend, spokesperson of Madhya Pradesh Association of Professional and Technical Institutes, BS Yadav said, \"It is true that around 25,000 seats go vacant in different engineering colleges every year. Shorter duration of polytechnic course as compared to four-year engineering might be tempting the students to opt for diploma courses.\"The PPT will be organised in 23 cities of the state. Students will be asked 50 questions each from Physics, Mathematics and Chemistry in the entrance test.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13073225", "title": "Auto driver held for biting off man\u2019s ear", "text": "CHENNAI: Police arrested an autorickshaw driver for biting off the ear of a resident of Thiruninravur after an argument while playing a cricket match in the locality on Tuesday.The police said residents of Thiruninravur had formed two teams to play a cricket match at a school ground near Thiruninravur railway station. \"Jaisankar, who works for a private company in Ambattur, and the auto driver, Ravi, picked up a quarrel with each other,\" a policeman said. \"The two men were pacified by their teammates,\" he said. \"After the match, the duo started where they left off. Angered by something that Jaisankar said, Ravi bit off a piece of his right earlobe and spat it out.\"Jaisankar went to Thiruninravur police station with his ear bleeding and lodged a complaint.He was admitted to Stanley Medical College Hospital. Doctors at the hospital operated on Jaisankar to stitch the severed part of the ear to his earlobe.The police arrested Ravi. He was remanded to judicial custody after being produced before a magistrate court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "13073584", "title": "Malda woman dumped on road after gang rape", "text": "MALDA: A 30-year-old homemaker was picked up by some miscreants from near a shopping mall and gang raped on the outskirts of the town on Tuesday night. The victim's husband lodged a complaint on Wednesday.The victim a housewife, had gone out for shopping at a mall in the Rathbari area on Tuesday evening. While coming out of the mall at 8.30pm at the busy Rathbari area, a car stopped beside her. There were five to six persons inside the car, who forcefully picked her up from the spot and left, according to the police complaint.She was allegedly taken to Narayanpur, about 5km from the town, and raped in a desolate place and dropped at a spot on the highway around 1am. Later, she was spotted by the police and she was taken to Malda Medical College and Hospital.Her husband, who is a railway employee, lodged a complaint of gangrape on Wednesday morning.\"It was evident that the woman was raped by more than one. Medical test has confirmed this. A complaint was lodged. We have taken it seriously and we are looking for the miscreants after getting the complaint,\" SP Jayanta Pal said. However, he said since the woman is not yet in a position to speak, and was recovering from the trauma, some details were not known.\"After getting details from her, we might take help of the artist to draw sketches of the victim,\" the SP added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13073368", "title": "9 IAS officers to be trained in districts", "text": "PATNA: The state government on Tuesday posted all nine IAS officers (2011 batch) as assistant collector for their training in districts of the state. These IAS officials have come here after obtaining compulsory training at the Lal Bahadur Shastri National Academy of Administration, Mussoorie.These officers are Alok Ranjan Ghosh (Siwan), D Nilesh Ramachandra (Rohtas), Himanshu Sharma (Nalanda), Mahendra Kumar (Samastipur), Mithilesh Mishra (Banka), Pankaj Dikshit (Aurangabad), Rahul Kumar (Gaya), S Kapil Ashok (Madhubani) and Thyagrajan S M (Purnia). The general administration department has already issued notification to this effect.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13073957", "title": "Now, airports to profile passengers with implants", "text": "MUMBAI: Ever since the Bureau of Civil Aviation Security ( BCAS) sent a circular on May 4, warning that terrorists can use implantable devices to bomb a plane, airport as well as airlines officials have swung into action, implementing a series of special security measures, including profiling of passengers to identify any aberrant behaviour.The new security protocol would be based on observation, profiling of behaviour and conducting stricter checks, but only if there is room for suspicion, said an official. Though no new layer of security has been added, officials have started checking, going by the five-page circular, which has defined the protocol for questioning and observing flyers with implants. \"Security officials have to look for signs of anxiety in passengers. Those appearing to be fidgety or found to be limping, those who may have tubes on their bodies, have 'abnormality' on the skin surface and those with quaint or very recently obtained medical certificates will be scrutinized,\" said an airport official.He made it clear that not all would be taken for a \"special review\", but only those seeming suspicious would be taken aside for a pat-down check and if needed, a medical test. The flyer could be stopped from boarding a flight if the scrutiny led to more doubts, the official added. \"The work is being conducted by the existing security personnel who have been trained in profiling passengers. Apart from airline officials, the Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) also has a vigilance staff to keep a watch,\" he said.Stating that the alert on body devices and human bombs was justified, Col (retd) Mahendra Pratap Choudhary, who was part of the force team of National Security Guards and trained the country's first ATS, said any implant with rounded edges can be placed in the abdomen. \"Four to eight ounces of explosives, such as TNT , can destroy a car. So, a few ounces of explosives in a metallic container can wreak havoc on an aircraft,\" he said.A private carrier has decided to insist that a flyer, with any implantable device, will have to produce a medical certificate from a renowned hospital or an institution with a doctor's reference, and it cannot be procured a few hours before the flight. Col Choudhary said, \"If the certification is accepted by the forces in charge of the airport's security, it's fine. If not, people cannot travel. We can't take chances with air travel.\"According to medical experts, most passengers can avoid suspicion if they carry their implant certificates. \"An implant certificate or card comes with most implants. The doctor who puts in the device has to certify and the card is a proof of a valid implant,\" said Dr Hemant Deshmukh, head of radiology at KEM hospital. \"Passengers with multiple implants will have to carry certificates for all.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13072722", "title": "Balwani death: Cops jolted into action", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after TOI highlighted the death of RTI activist Ravinder Balwani in a hit-and-run incident in the capital last month, police said the victim's family has to submit a petition requesting them for a reinvestigation.Reiterating what she had said on Wednesday, DCP (south) Chhaya Sharma said she had \"no problem\" looking into the evidence gathered so far to ascertain whether Balwani was a victim of foul play.Balwani's daughter, Sonia, said cops scrambled to get their act together the moment media persons began calling up the police station concerned asking them about the details of the case and how police could not find a single eyewitness even though hundreds were present in the market when the incident took place.\"We have been trying to meet cops for the last 17 days. Whenever the investigating officer met us, he found ways to evade our queries. On Wednesday night, just after media persons called up, cops sent a head constable to our residence at Vasant Kunj and noted our statements. This is the first time that police took note of our statements,'' she said. The investigating officer also visited their residence on Thursday to expedite the investigation, she said.Varun, the victim's son, said the family was not considering filing another petition with the DCP office. \"The case has not been closed by police. We were never informed about it. We will be in touch with police and expect they will reciprocate,'' said Varun.Meanwhile Team Anna member and a friend of the deceased - Arvind Kejriwal - demanded separate investigations into the corruption charges levelled by Balwani and his death. Another Team Anna member, Manish Sisodia, said he would be visiting the victim's family.Delhi police stood by the findings of south Delhi cops saying there was no need to transfer the case to either DIU of the district or the crime branch.Sonia said her father was filing RTI queries since 2001. After he retired in 2010 as a manager, he had levelled graft charges against senior government officials and politicians. \"This earned him many enemies. In 2009, he had complained to Indraprastha police about receiving threat calls,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "13073595", "title": "Garhwa nazir held for misuse of funds", "text": "GARHWA: Police arrested Garhwa block nazir Indu Bhushan Singh and sent him to jail in connection with misappropriation of Rs 80 lakh withdrawn from a local branch of State Bank of India allegedly with forged signature of Garhwa BDO Manisha Tirkey.The BDO had lodged an FIR with the sadar police station against the nazir. Another accused in the case, Satish Kumar is still at large, police said. Police have also seized relevant documents from the concerned bank. \"The seized documents have revealed important clues to crack the case,\" police sources said.The arrested nazir told the police during interrogation that one Satish Kumar who worked as an assistant to former nazir of Garhwa block Pramod Kumar is the mastermind behind the crime. \"Satish continued to work as Pramod's assistant even after his transfer from Garhwa block,\" said police.Meanwhile, the Nazir said that he was innocent and had been falsely implicated in the case, as the work was majorly had been done by Kumar. It was also in the knowledge of Manisha Tirkey,\" he added.Garhwa DC Rajendra Pratap Sinha said that an inquiry into the bank's role would be conducted. \"Legal action will be taken against the concerned bank officials,\" said the DC. Besides the properties and bank account of accused Indu Bhushan Singh, head assistant Krishna Kumar Yadav and other employees of the Garhwa block will also be looked into.The racket behind misappropriation of MGNREGA and other funds involving 80 lakh has hogged the limelight in the recent times. The amount was withdrawn from SBI through eight cheques and was deposited in the newly-opened accounts of Punjab National Bank and Bank of India.Meanwhile, president of arajpatrit kramchari mahasangh, Virendra Singh has demanded a legal inquiry into the case. \"Such a huge amount was withdrawn from the BDO's account and the bank officials did not bother to inform the BDO. This is a matter of great surprise,\" said Virendra Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13074608", "title": "Central Zoo Authority again picks holes in rescue centre proposal", "text": "NAGPUR: When the state forest department badly needs a rescue centre to treat wild animals, the Central Zoo Authority (CZA) has once again picked up holes in the proposal to set up one at Gorewada. The rescue centre proposal was first submitted to CZA on October 15, 2010. Since then the zoo authority has returned it four times askithe forest department to rework the plan.On April 16, CZA's expert group on zoo designing had asked the Forest Development Corporation of Maharashtra (FDCM), which is executing the Gorewada zoo project, to mark service lines like water supply, sewage, drainage, and electricity supply in the master layout plan. It has also been advised to have enough number of kraals in enclosures, particularly of carnivores.The CZA further asked for marking the location of night houses for monkeys, small mammals, sloth bear, deer enclosures, birds, and snake cages in the layout plan, preferably towards the roadside. It has also asked to make provision to grow enough vegetation between the leopard, small mammals, and sloth bear enclosures as well as those for small animals.When contacted, R S Yadav, general manager for world food programme (WFP) and afforestation region, FDCM, said, \"most conditions were already complied with in September 2011 but CZA seems to have considered our old letter issued in July 2011 about certain compliances.\" He stated that the issue of pollution of Gorewada water body was valid and the plan would take care of it. \"We are going to recycle waste and drainage water and are complying with some of the fresh conditions on layout plan. We expect to get a nod in a fortnight,\" he told TOI.A rescue centre in Nagpur is badly needed especially against the backdrop of man-animal conflict and spurt in number of wild animals being removed from the forests. For the past two years, the proposal is hanging fire. The government has earmarked Rs 20 crore for the centre but CZA keeps delaying the proposal on flimsy grounds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13074048", "title": "Rampant violation of one-way leads to traffic chaos in Gomtinagar", "text": "LUCKNOW: At a time when Lucknow police chief is introducing steps to improve the traffic movement, residents and commuters in and around Mithaiwala Crossing in Gomtinagar continue to grapple with traffic chaos.Reason being that despite construction of one-way subway roads beneath the flyovers on both the sides to and from Mithaiwala Crossing, commuters still use the one-way roads for to and fro on both the sides. This often leads to traffic snarls in the area.The indifferent and, at times, pathetic behaviour of traffic policemen deployed at Mithaiwala Crossing further adds to commuters' problems.\"I was coming from Gomtinagar side on my four-wheeler and ideally should have taken the left turn subway from Mithaiwala Crossing, but couldn't do so as the oneway subway was jam-packed with vehicles from both the sides,\" said Girish Sharma, a retired engineer.Unhappy for getting stuck near the crossing because of rule-breaking commuters, Sharma approached some cops at the crossing for help. But to his surprise, the cops instead of offering help started questioning for coming to the wrong side.An infuriated Sharma then had a heated argument with the traffic policemen but to no avail. Sharma, however, is not the only one to experience chaotic traffic near Mithaiwala Crossing, specially during office hours.A couple of days back, Dinesh Verma, a government employee was caught in a jam at the same crossing. However, repeated call to the cops for help fell on deaf ears, he told TOI.Commuters using the wrong side have their own justification. \"Taking a wrong turn saves a distance of few hundred metres and of course another two to three minutes,\" said Alok Kumar, a medical representative.\"After the removal of divider on the road, most commuters find it easy to take the wrong side and a short cut too,\" said Rajat Sharma, a student.The traffic chaos at the Mithaiwal Crossing and cops behaviour may thwart DIG Ashutosh Pandey's plan to streamline city's traffic. In fact, the DIG has kept traffic and community policing on top of the priority list.\"The results of new traffic initiatives are so far not visible,\" said Karishma Agrawal, a two-wheeler rider said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13074905", "title": "Maharashtra will review efforts to clear footpaths: Benjamin", "text": "PUNE: The state urban development department (UDD) will review the work done by ward officers to comply with the department's missive on April 9 to repair footpaths and clear them of all encroachments. The deadline ended on Wednesday.State additional chief secretary (UDD) T C Benjamin is likely to call a meeting of civic officials on Saturday to decide the next course of action.\"The month-long deadline to restore footpaths has ended. I will convene a meeting of ward officers and other civic officials to review the situation. I will recommend action against ward officers who have failed to comply with the order,\" Benjamin told TOI on Wednesday.Benjamin, who has been the municipal commissioner of Pune, said the city was increasingly becoming pedestrian unfriendly. \"It is a cause for concern and immediate intervention was required to correct the situation. The message is strong enough. The state government is closely watching what is happening in city,\" he said.On whether the state UDD would act on its own, Benjamin said, \"We don't want to encroach upon the municipal commissioner's rights. UDD is not interested in a blame game or targeting any individual. We need results with the cooperation of all stakeholders. It is not that all civic officers are lax. If someone is, I will ask municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak to act against the person. The UDD's intention is to get work done and make the city pedestrian-friendly.\"Benjamin said that encroachments on footpaths come up within a day or two after the municipal corporation removes them. \"Even if the civic body takes action, encroachments are back almost immediately. The ward officers should be more vigilant. Public participation in encroachments is important. People should complain to civic authorities against encroachments on footpaths and force officers to take action,\" Benjamin said.\"Pune is strong in civic activism. Earlier, NGOs have played a crucial role in movements seeking a better city. Considering the encroachments on footpaths and the city becoming pedestrian unfriendly, NGOs should overcome this problem,\" Benjamin added.UDD's letterOn April 9, state additional chief secretary(UDD) TC Benjamin had directed the civic body to repair all footpaths and clear encroachments within a month. His letter to municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak said the poor condition of footpaths in the city was forcing pedestrians to walk on roads, thereby putting their safety in jeopardy. The UDD had observed that several footpaths were dug up for utility services and not repaired thereafter. The letter also directed the PMC to hold ward officers responsible for the condition of footpaths.Only 37% walkCitizens' groups have repeatedly complained that Pune is increasingly becoming a pedestrian-unfriendly city. Only 37% of its citizens walk to their destinations, while 18% use bicycles. Pedestrians and cyclists are ignored in traffic planning and are at risk because they are forced to share roads with motorised transport, they said.On pedestrians' sideThe concept note for a Comprehensive Transport Policy (CTP) for the PMC reads: \"Pedestrians are the most important component in traffic and transportation and one that is, sadly, the most ignored. Today, roads are designed and built with an automobile (or two-wheeler) in mind. Not enough consideration is given to pedestrians, cyclists and public transport. Heritage sites and open spaces are increasingly being sacrificed to accommodate needs of private auto-vehicles.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13074602", "title": "Supreme Court notice to Centre, five states on spurious milk", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Wednesday sought responses from the Centre, Delhi, Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Rajasthan and Haryana on a PIL drawing attention to supply of adulterated milk by unscrupulous elements, putting citizens at considerable health risk.A bench of Chief Justice SH Kapadia and Justices AK Patnaik and Swatanter Kumar issued notices to the Union government and the five states on a PIL filed by Haridwar-based Swamy Achyutananda Tirth and others, who sought a direction to the governments to ensure supply of healthy, hygienic and natural milk.The petitioner said the governments had failed to check circulation of adulterated/synthetic milk, which was prepared using urea, detergent, refined oil, caustic soda and white paint.\"The inaction and apathy of respondents in stopping sale of adulterated milk and milk products is causing serious danger to the health and life of petitioners, their families and other citizens, which is a violation of their right to life guaranteed under Article 21,\" they said.The PIL petitioners through advocate Anurag Tomar presented before the court several newspaper reports, including two from TOI, to argue that despite the media regularly highlighting supply of adulterated milk in northern states, no step had been taken by the authorities against the unscrupulous elements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13074614", "title": "Now South East Central Railway will also give bedrolls to RAC passengers", "text": "NAGPUR: Taking a cue from Central Railway, the South East Central Railway (SECR) too will start giving bedrolls to RAC passengers travelling in air-conditioned coaches.On Tuesday, Central Railway general manager Subodh Jain, who was on a routine inspection visit of Nagpur division, had announced at a press conference that henceforth RAC passengers would be given bedrolls.Following the announcement, sources said SECR discovered a Railway Board circular issued in 2009 which states that RAC passengers should be given a blanket and a bedsheet. However, the decision was not honoured by the railways.SECR senior divisional commercial manager (SrDCM) Pradeep Kumar said, \"The SECR was following the circular.\" However, at a divisional railway users' consultative committee ( DRUCC) meeting held on April 26, when the issue was raised by one of the members, the SECR officials had said it needs Railway Board's approval. It indicated that bedrolls were not supplied to RAC passengers.\"Now it seems the decision will have to be implemented at the national level,\" said Pravin Dabli, SECR's zonal railway users' consultative committee (ZRUCC) member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "13073639", "title": "No fixed syllabus leaves examinees in a fix", "text": "GUMLA: Examinees of high school teachers' examination are in a fix over unavailability of syllabi for their optional papers.Without the same they could not prepare well for the exam.Date of examination is slated on May 23 which they want to be extended.\"There must be a clear-cut syllabus for optional papers so that a candidate can understand what to study and prepare for the examination,\" says a Anupa Kumari, a candidate for the high school teachers examination. We are having a tough time preparing for the exam, she added.Others too are facing the same strain just before the examination. Candidates now seek extension of date of examination too.\"My optional subject is geography but I do not have clear knowledge of what to study without a prescribed syllabus. I am now in a fix with less than a fortnight is left before the date of examination,\" said Rajendra Prasad Ekka of Karamtoli.As soon as the applications for assistant teachers in upgraded high schools were invited, subject-wise syllabus should have been released simultaneously, suggested a high school teacher here.Other candidates, including Ashok Kumar Sahum and Ajay Verma have demanded that the date of examination should immediately be extended and a prescribed syllabus should be provided.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13074542", "title": "In-form Mandeep sings song of hope", "text": "HYDERABAD: Paul Valthaty was the toast of IPL 4 as the relatively unknown batsman from Mumbai blazed his way to the top with some scintillating knocks. However, the youngster was unable to sustain that form on the domestic circuit. Skipper Adam Gilchrist persisted with Valthaty at the top order but the youngster failed to replicate last year's success. Lack of form and a subsequent 'injury' meant that he had to give way to someone else.Twenty-year-old Mandeep Singh grabbed the opportunity with both hands to become Punjab's leading rungetter (359) this season. On Tuesday, Mandeep struck his second half-century and his 'best knock' of the season to set up Punjab's 25-run win over Team Hyderabad at the Rajiv Gandhi International Cricket Stadium.\"I'm really satisfied, as from the beginning of the tournament I wanted to stay till the 15th over, and I did it for the team. This was one of my best knocks in the tournament and I really enjoyed it,\" Mandeep said after the match. Mandeep was almost lost to the cricketing world as his father -- an athletics coach -- wasn't too happy with his son's cricketing ambitions. But the youngster persisted and was able to convince his father that he was cut out for bigger things in life. The lad from Punjab worked his way up and soon found a place in the Indian junior team that toured Australia in 2009.He was one of the stars of the under-19 tour as he cracked a match-winning 151 in a one-dayer . Subsequently, Mandeep was named the vice-captain of the Indian team for the Under-19 World Cup held in New Zealand in 2010. Since then, Mandeep has steadily worked himself into contention as a top-order batsman. On Tuesday, he gave a fine example of controlled aggression as he struck eight fours and three sixes in his 48-ball 75.\"The wicket was on the lower side. So we knew 160-170 it will be a good score and we managed that much,\" he said on Tuesday night. \"I wanted to bat normally and in the end it was good. We have to keep winning and we have to get our basics right and hopefully we will win rest of the games,\" he added.Every youngster needs the support of the seniors and Mandeep says he was happy to have the backing of his captain and teammates. \"Hussey has supported us a lot, he has shown a lot of faith in me. It is nice that I was able to do well and help the team win,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13077129", "title": "HC directs Anna University of Technology to restrict inspection to '3 deficiencies'", "text": "MADURAI: The Madras High Court bench on Wednesday directed Anna University of Technology (AUT) to inspect an engineering college run by a trust of Union Minister M K Alagiri, restricting their scrutiny to 'three deficiencies' pointed out by an earlier AUT panel in its July last report.\"It is not open to the university to inspect all the facilities available in the college,\" a Division Bench of justices M.Satyanarayanan and D.Hariparanthaman said, disposing of two miscellaneous petitions filed by the Anna University of Technology.The court also granted time till May 31,2012 to inspect the respondent college strictly in accordance with its order of July 25,2011 when it said only \"three deficiencies\" should be inspected.It also directed the Daya Engineering college at Sivarakottai near here, run by the M.K. Alagiri Educational Trust, to extend cooperation to the inspection committee of the AUT, Madurai, to comply with the court orders.The college had filed a plea seeking to direct the AUT to affiliate it from academic year 2011-12 and permit it to admit students. The college contended that they had got approval of All India Council for Technical Education.However, the AUT was not giving affiliation on the ground of three deficiencies viz transport, books in library and cafetaria near classroom. The college had rectified the deficiencies. But even then affiliation was not being granted.The court then ordered the AUT to restrict their inspection to three deficiencies. However, the AUT said they wanted a reinspection of amenities in the college and other facilities.It said it was open to the university to consider the issue afresh with regard to affiliation as per the court order. The AUT alleged that the college was not cooperating with the inspection team.The judges said they could restrict their inspection only to three deficiencies and report if they had been rectified as per statutes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13074413", "title": "Delhi high court hauls up Centre for its failure to fill CIC vacancies", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Wednesday sought the Centre's stand on a plea to begin contempt proceedings against it for its failure to comply with a court order to fill all the vacant posts of information commissioners (ICs) in the Central Information Commission (CIC).Issuing notice to the secretary of department of personnel and training (DoPT) on the plea by a transparency activist RK Jain, Justice Vipin Sanghi asked the official to file a status report by July 30, the next date of hearing.Jain's contempt petition, filed through advocates Prashant Bhushan and Pranav Sachdeva, accused the government of not complying with the court's orders on February 15 and March 20 to fill up CIC vacancies.Jain's petition said despite mounting backlog of cases and HC orders, the Centre till March was able to fill only three of the five posts, which fell vacant out of a total 10 posts of Information Commissioners (ICs) in the CIC. The remaining two posts were to be filled immediately, as per directions of the HC so that the RTI panel's work would not suffer but nothing has been done, the petition said.Another commissioner is due to retire in July, and the number of vacant posts will become three, the petitioner added.The petition said \"despite two letters written by the Central Information Commissioner (CIC) to the Prime Minister's Office (PMO), the panel is not complete with total number of commissioners.\"The PIL had sought filling of posts of ICs and subordinate staff, including secretarial staff, in a time-bound manner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13073564", "title": "UNIDO to survey Punjab to set up food processing clusters", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With \"Aman ki Asha\" brightening up between India and Pakistan, the United Nation's Industrial Development Organisation (UNIDO) is getting a survey done in all districts of the border state of Punjab to find out two suitable districts for setting up clusters of food processing industry.The survey is being conducted by Assocham on behalf of the UN body which has already initiated a process for similar clusters of other industries in Madhya Pradesh , Bihar , West Bengal and Kerala.Expenditure for the project will be born by UNIDO, which will also arrange expertise of global scale for giving a push to the food processing industry in the state, which is a success story in agriculture development, Assocham's secretary general D S Rawat revealed here on Wednesday, after meeting Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal and industries minister Anil Joshi.The state government may have to arrange only the basic infrastructure. Though need for developing the food processing industry was long felt in Punjab, the industry could not really take off in a big way despite multi-national companies like Pepsi setting up food processing units in the country almost a decade ago.A memorandum of understanding has been signed among UNIDO, Assocham and the government of India for setting up such clusters in India.This apart, a process has been set in motion to establish 15 new industrial clusters in Punjab with the help of the Central government. Industrial clusters supported by the Central government can reduce cost of production by 15% to 20% due to concessions and common facilities created by the government and the industry, Rawat said. Initially, the industrial body, however, will work for the success of the existing ones that are being run by the industry, with help from the state government.Rawat revealed that the Planning Commission of India has already included these 15 clusters among 562 planned in the country in the 12th plan appraisal paper. The ministry of micro, small and medium enterprises (MSME) has to given approval to these 15 industrial clusters.Chairman of SAARC committee of Assocham, Ravi Gupta, who also met Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal to drive home an agenda for improving the investment climate, said, \"Punjab cannot overlook this aspect as industries that need to cater to the huge markets of Pakistan, Gulf region and Central Asia may now re-locate to Punjab.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "13073607", "title": "Road blocked in protest against power supply snag", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Residents of six panchayats under Barkagaon block on Wednesday blocked Hazaribag-Barkagaon highway for more than eight hours protesting against acute power shortage in the area. Villagers, including women , sat on dharna with traditional weapons paralyzing traffic.Few weeks ago, these villages were connected to a new feeder, resulting in scarce power supply. The villagers demanded power supply from the old feeder and said that the change has badly affected their daily life and agricultural operation.They alleged that ever since the new feeder became functional, people were getting power once in three days and that too for just one to two hours h forcing them to launch agitation. Besides this, they also demanded installation of 63 KVA and 100 KVA transformers in each panchayat so that consumers can get power for at least 18 to 20 hours a day. Due to power shortage, irrigation operation gets badly hampered.The agitation was lifted following assurance from Barkagaon BDO Mumtaz Ansari. \"We will make efforts to solve their problem at the earliest,\" said the BDO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13072708", "title": "Charges framed in 4,000cr co-operative group housing societies scam", "text": "NEW DELHI: A special CBI court has framed charges against a former registrar of Co-operative Societies (RCS) and 10 others in a Rs 4,000 crore co-operative group housing societies (CGHS) scam.Besides Narayan Diwakar, the court also framed charges of cheating, forgery, criminal conspiracy and corruption against then society president S P Saxena and secretary Ashok Goswami.Charges of fraud were also framed against Rajesh Aggarwal, Mukesh Arora, Praveen Kumar Jain, Niranjan Singh, B M Sethi (now expired), Krishan Kumar, Kuldeep Singh and Ashwani Sharma of the Anjuman Cooperative Group Housing Society (CGHS), which was allegedly revived by the accused to get land allotted from DDA at a cheaper rate. \"Prima facie a case is made out against accused Saxena, Goswami, Aggarwal, Arora, Jain, Singh, Krishan, Diwakar, Kuldeep and Ashwani Sharma for criminal conspiracy, cheating, and forgery,\" special CBI judge Praveen Kumar said.This comes after another court had already framed charges against Diwakar and four others in the Taj housing society case, in one of two chargesheets filed in Rs 4,000 crore scam.In the present case, CBI had alleged the society was registered with the RCS in December 1983. Initially, it had 90 members, who were employees of Bharat Electronics Ltd, Ghaziabad, and its freeze strength was later on fixed at 120. In 1990, the society expelled 29 of its members on account of non-payment of the funds and also decided to quit the society as there was likelihood of land being allotted far from their place of work.In the second chargesheet filed in 2006 related to Anjuman housing society, CBI had only named Saxena and Goswami. Later on supplementary charge sheet was filed in September 2009 against 11 accused, including Diwakar, Saxena and Goswami.\"Sethi, who expired during the pendency of the case, and the then deputy registrar, had abused his official position as public servant and in pursuance of the conspiracy with Saxena and Goswami,\" CBI alleged.It also said Kuldeep, an employee of Bharat Electronics Ltd, Ghaziabad, was one of the promoter members of Anjuman CGHS and was instrumental in the enrolment of his relatives. It also alleged Saxena and Goswami fraudulently obtained land from DDA at subsidised rates in 1999 on the strength of list of original members submitted to RCS office, with forged resignation letters in respect of 29 members expelled from Anjuman CGHS and enrolled new members in the society in their place. In 2001, they got the list of resigned as well as enrolled members of Anjuman CGHS approved by RCS office on the basis of forged documents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13074040", "title": "ASP's wife appears in court in advance", "text": "KANPUR: Expressing apprehension of trouble on court campus, Manjeet Kaur, wife of DSP Amarjeet Sahi who is accused of sexual exploitation of a daughter of a flight instructor, on Wednesday appeared before the court of SC/ST (Kanpur Nagar), two days earlier than the stipulated date.Kaur not only filed a written submission, but also filed a direction given by the Allahabad high court for disposal of bail application of the DSP. The order was sought by the accused before his arrest and the HC had directed in the order (dated April 3, 2012) that at the time of disposal of bail application, the court below should consider the statement of the victim taken under section 164 CrPC in accordance with the law.The SC/ST Act court, which is hearing the bail application of Amarjeet Sahi, had already ordered to summon the statements of the victim recorded under Section 164 CrPC. In the present case, victim's statement under 164 CrPc was recorded twice.Appearing before the court in advance, Kaur filed a written submission and stated she was filing her application in advance keeping in mind the \"ill behaviour with accused and their kin by advocates and others\" on the fixed date.According to government counsel, the court after cross-checking some facts, put the written submission on record and ordered to put it up on date fixed.Kaur had submitted a 20-point affidavit on previous date and urged that at the age of 57, her husband Sahi was unable of physical relationship.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13074515", "title": "Government sanctions long leave to executive officer for foreign trip", "text": "HUBLI: While the government takes exceptions to legislators and bureaucrats going abroad in view of the prevailing drought condition, it has sanctioned 25-day leave to SM Rudraswami, executive officer, Dharwad taluk panchayat, to go on a foreign trip at his own cost.PA Megannavar, chief executive officer, ZP, Dharwad, told TOI that Rudraswami had applied for leave to go to Europe and will spend from his pocket. After considering his request, the government sanctioned him leave from May 3 to 27.An officer, on condition of anonymity said: \"Many villages in Dharwad are reeling under drinking water crisis. In such a critical phase, the presence of an officer like Rudraswami is crucial. The government should not have sanctioned his leave.\"Jagadish Shettar, RDPR minister said: \" I don't have information about this issue and issues related to leave will not come to my notice. But, I will look into this.\"\"There is a clear instruction by the government that no officer or legislator should go on long leave to any foreign land, either government-sponsored or personal expenses. Officers should avoid taking leave at least for the next couple months to deal with drought condition in the state,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13072828", "title": "Accused in Moti Dongor assault case arrested", "text": "MARGAO: The Margao police on Wednesday arrested Bashir Shaikh, who was wanted in an assault case registered against him along with other accused in September 2011.Police sources informed that the five accused, including Shaikh, abused and assaulted one Jaffar Andalgi and two others at Moti Dongor, Margao, with deadly weapons, thereby injuring them seriously.Shaikh, police sources informed, has been involved in various similar offences, including gang wars. Police sources further informed that externment proceedings were moved by the South Goa police against Shaikh, which are pending before the south Goa district magistrate. t", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13074249", "title": "Lackluster response to e-waste collection drive", "text": "INDORE: The response to the disposal of e-waste from city residents has been lackluster, if the experiences of the last 10 days ever since it became effective are taken into account. E-wastes are emerging as one of the major threats to the environment.Lack of awareness about disposal of e-wastes among the people is proving to be a major impediment in its success.The state government had entrusted the task of collecting electronic scrap in the form of computers, printers, cell phones, refrigerators, microwave oven, tube lights, bulbs and air conditioners to the authorized agencies.Hostech Eco Management Pvt Ltd and Unique Eco Recycler have been given the licence to collect, disintegrate, segregate and recycle e-waste in the state by Madhya Pradesh Pollution Control Board (MPPCB). They said they have not able to collect any e-waste in the first 10 days due to lack of awareness among people regarding the scientific disposal of such wastes. However, they are confident that situation will change in coming months.The city generates 3,000-4,000 tonnes of e-waste per month. \"As of now, not even 1% of e-waste has been collected from the city. We have received only six electronic devices,\" claimed Faisal Hussain, GM, Unique Eco Recycler.\"There has been no initiative from bulk users who make maximum use of electronic equipments for the proposed disposal. But we have been receiving calls from consumers who have queries about e-waste disposal,'' added Hussain.Director of Hostech Eco Management Pvt Ltd Asad Warsi said \"We have received many calls from the residents of Indore enquiring about e-waste management system. The collection centres in malls would soon be functional as we are in the advance stage of discussion with malls.\" He said the company aims to collect 1 lakh tonnes of e-waste per day by the year 2015.Raja Ramanna Centre for Advanced Technology (RRCAT) has agreed to dispose of 2.5 metric tonnes per month to Hostech Eco Management Pvt Ltd. In a day or two, the high court bench would also collaborate with the company to dispose of a tonne of e-waste per month.Similarly, collaboration of the company with 15 other corporate houses for collecting e-waste is in the pipeline.BOXCollection centres in city:Centres by Unique Eco Recycler in Sikh Mohalla, Palda and Orbit mall.Centres by Hostech Eco Management Pvt Ltd in Sukhliya, Rajwada", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "13071838", "title": "Korean national attempts suicide", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: A Korean national attempted suicide on Wednesday at his residence by hanging from the ceiling fan, the police said.The victim has been identified as MB Kim who lives in ATS society in Greater Noida. The incident took place on Wednesday afternoon.\"Eyewitnesses told the police that the victim was alone at his residence when he attempted suicide, but his driver spotted him and raised an alarm,\" a police official said, adding that the victim was then taken to the a private hospital for treatment.Kasna SO, Deepak Sharma, said, \"So far, no complaint has been filed in this connection. Prima facie it seems that the victim was reeling under a business loss. Further investigation is on in the case.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13072908", "title": "ASI shoots himself at Bhangrola", "text": "GURGAON: An ASI, who was posted with the Rewari police, shot himself with his service revolver at his residence in Bhangrola village late on Tuesday night. The deceased, Subhash Chand, 46, was on PCR duty under the Rohrai police station but was reportedly absent from work for the past four days. Only five days ago, Chand was shifted from escort duty in Rewari district.According to the police, Chand was a habitual drinker. On Tuesday night, when his wife Sarita asked him to report on duty, Chand apparently got angry. In the heat of the moment, Chand used his service revolver to fire two rounds in the air. When his wife and children started crying, he went out of his room and shot himself in another room of the house.Kherki Dhaula police have taken Chand's revolver into custody. On Wednesday, they handed over his body to his family members after the postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13073370", "title": "East Central Railway collects 32 lakh as fine", "text": "About 9,000 people were caught by the RPF personnel under various charges in the five divisions of East Central Railway (ECR) during the past three months. A sum of Rs 32 lakh was realized from them as fine, the ECR CPRO Neeraj Ambastha said.He said the RPF carried out drive against illegal chain pulling, unauthorized vendors and free trippers under the five divisions. A few people were also penalized by the RPF at different places for smoking on railway premises. Besides, the RPF caught 5,695 free trippers during separate a drive, Ambastha said.Meanwhile, ECR has decided to attach an AC chair car to Singrauli-Varanasi Intercity Express (13345-13346) from Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13073936", "title": "Barkatullah University research fellow wins best research paper award", "text": "BHOPAL: Dr Renu Choithrani of Barkatullah University has been awarded for the best paper presentation at recently held international conference on super conductivity and magnetism in Turkey.Around 1,500 physics scholars presented their papers on different researches. Dr Choithrani presented research paper on properties of ferrite peroxide material. The material is important for both technological and scientific use.According to Dr Choithrani, the material can be used in airplane, sub-marines and missile system. She claimed that in the recent past India has used the same material in its complete defence system. \"I am happy after being recognized at the international forum. I will present other research paper also in the near future,\" she said. Dr Choithrani is also working on a university project in the physics department of the university.She had also won the best young scientist award by the Government of India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13077756", "title": "Christina Aguilera `disgusted` with Adam Levine?", "text": "Christina Aguilera is said to be furious with Adam Levine's digs at her on the current season of 'The Voice'.The drama between the judges hit an all time low on Monday night's show, when Christina duked it out over Adam's protege Tony Lucca who sang Jay-Z's song '99 Problems' and the situation has X-tina spitting mad after an on-set blow was reported where Adam screamed and cursed at her.\"Adam is making it more about getting at Christina this season and he's very good at getting under her skin,\" Radar Online quoted a source close to the show as saying.\"He comes off as a really great guy, but he's very smart the way he takes jabs at Christina. Adam's very subtle and doesn't use words, just sneaky actions. She is sick of the way she's being treated and she's disgusted with Adam,\" the source said.The 31-year-old 'Beautiful' singer is not happy with the way the 'Maroon 5' front man is treating her.\"Christina really takes it to heart when Adam does these things. She doesn't know why he does it, she doesn''t understand why he''s being so mean,\" the source said.Adam and Christina collaborated on the pop hit 'Moves Like Jagger', and while the source says they used to have a \"brother sister relationship,\" there is no love lost between the two of them anymore.\"It's just weird the way Adam is treating Christina. She's the only girl there and she doesn't think the coaches should be against each other,\" the source said.Tony Lucca, a former Mickey Mouse Club acquaintance of Christina's, really earned her ire Monday night and she let him know she wasn't pleased.\"Your beautiful wife and your daughter and family are here tonight and I just thought, you know, the lyrical connotation was a little derogatory towards women , but all-in-all, it was good fun,\" she said.The source said that Christina is annoyed that everything has turned so personal this season.\"Adam's mad just because she gave Tony criticism, but she thinks it helped him expand and he wouldn't have had his breakthrough without being pushed.\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13074993", "title": "Army truck manufacturing not a priority: Pallam Raju", "text": "NEW DELHI: Amid the raging controversy over Tatra trucks procured by Indian Army, the government on Wednesday said truck manufacturing was not critical technology and so they were bought from private vendors.\"There is no need for us to manufacture everything,\" minister of state for defence M M Pallam Raju said during question hour in Rajya Sabha.Trucks were manufactured at Ordnance Factory, Jabalpur, and higher class of vehicles would be manufactured if it was felt that it was critical technology, he said. \"As it is not critical technology, it (manufacture) is not given priority,\" he added.Raju was responding to a question by BJP member Najma Heptullah who said leader of opposition Arun Jaitley had on Tuesday remarked that Indian defence forces could manufacture missiles and rockets but not trucks.Heptullah, however, did not take the name of the truck (Tatra). Even the minister replied to her without naming the truck.In March, Army chief General VK Singh had claimed that he was offered a bribe to clear sub-standard Tatra trucks, opening a can of worms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13074986", "title": "Brothers bludgeoned to death in Purandar over land dispute", "text": "PUNE: Two brothers were beaten to death by their relatives over a land dispute at Bahirwadi village in Purandar taluka, about 50 km from Pune, late on Monday night.Angry relatives of the deceased, Bajirao Balu Pangse (30) and his younger brother Maruti (26), refused to take possession of the bodies demanding arrest of all the accused. It was only after assistant superintendent of police Ramnath Pokle and sub-divisional police officer Milind Mohite assured them that all the suspects would be arrested soon that the family performed the final rites.The Saswad police on Tuesday arrested Pangse's cousin Shrinath Bhagat (24). But Shrinath's mother, Chinaki Bhagat (40), her husband Namdeo (50) and their son Dnyaneshswar (24) are still at large.Police inspector of Saswad police station A A Pirjade told TOI that following the incident all the residents of Bahirwadi village went missing. \"There are around 1,000 houses in the village. But since Tuesday morning all the houses are locked. We visited the village thrice, but none of them has returned home,\" Pirjade said.Pirjade said that Pangse and Bhagat families hail from Bahirwadi. After the death of Balu Pangse (father of Bajirao and Maruti) some 20 years back, the Pangse family shifted to Atkarwadi near Sinhagad. Since then, the four acre land of Pangses was being tilled by Chinaki Bhagat and her family. Two years back, Bajirao and Maruti Pangse returned to Bahirwadi and took possession of their land. Maruti would till the land and Bajirao, who drove a tempo for a living in another village, would visit Bahirwadi regularly. Bhagat family was obviously not happy with the development which led to quarrels between the two families. \"Last week, Maruti had a heated argument with the Bhagats, following which Bajirao came to the village on Monday,\" said Pirjade.The Bhagat family allegedly attacked Bajirao and Maruti around 9 pm on Monday when the brothers were fast asleep on the premises of a village temple.The brothers died on the spot due to severe head injuries caused due to bamboos and sharp weapons. Shrinath Bhagat was arrested, but his parents and elder brother managed to give police a slip.Bajirao Pangse's wife Anita has lodged a complaint against the suspects with the Saswad police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13073776", "title": "Mixed response to SC verdict on Haj subsidy", "text": "MADURAI: Muslims have welcomed the Supreme Court order abolishing Haj subsidy, but for different reasons. While some felt it could remove suspicions of favouritism, others said Haj was anyway the pilgrim of the well-off. Of the 7,000 people from Tamil Nadu who went on Haj last year, 4,000 had got subsidy on travel and accommodation, which comes to about Rs 38,000.\"It is fine since there has been no transparency in granting the subsidy. Now that there won't be any, the government should ensure better conditions and cheaper air fares for pilgrims,\" said Mohammed Yusuf, a businessman.Many thought the directive would do away with corruption by middlemen on granting subsidy. \"Only a very small percentage of pilgrims were benefiting and there was no fairness in the system,'' said Anwar Pasha, a resident of Nungambakkam in Chennai.A Faizur Rahman, a civil engineer and secretary-general of the Islamic Forum for the Promotion of Moderate Thought welcomed the judgment. \"Haj in Islam is for those who can afford it. Earlier, the subsidy was not going to the pilgrims. It was only a discount in the travel expense. If the government is concerned about the welfare of Muslims, it should divert the subsidy amount for the uplift of the community rather than subsidise the travel,\" said Rahman.Mohammed Ghouse, a functionary at the Nagore Dargah said, \"It is the will of god as to how the money should be used for the betterment of the community and it is best left that way.\" Anwar Haleem, a businessman, said the order makes it clear that nobody can stand to get undue benefits. \"It's good since the money can now be spent on schools, hospitals and for the welfare of the community.\"A top official of the Haj Committee of India said more has to be done to remove inequality in Haj. \"Someone should put an end to the monopoly enjoyed by Air India and Saudi Arabian Airlines in transporting Haj pilgrims. Why not call for a global tender and give it to the lowest bidder to ensure transparency? I only wish the money would now be used to help the community.\" Professor Thashreef Jahan, secretary of the Muslim Women Aid Societies, told The Times of India that the apex court's order was definitely going to create problems and that not all Muslims would take it lying down.\"Actually, the subsidy for Haj pilgrims is not given by the government as it is popularly described. The government gives a small share of its income as the major part comes from the Saudi Arabian government,\" she said.\"This is an unwanted controversy brought up by a small section of Ulemas (priests) who are under the impression that the Haj pilgrims are unduly enjoying the benefits. The religion preaches that only wealthy Muslims should go on the pilgrimage,\" she said.Sadaqa Abdullah, publisher of a Muslim magazine, said the entire propaganda on subsidy for Muslims was an eyewash of the government. \"What they give us in the name of subsidy for the pilgrimage is their way of promoting the business for the national carrier Air India,\" he said.He said Haj pilgrims paid Rs 1.25 lakh for the pilgrimage to the government. The same journey could be made very comfortable in any other international airline for Rs 15,000 less. \"This really is much ado about nothing,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13077383", "title": "Jharkhand Mukti Morcha member takes oath in Rajya Sabha", "text": "NEW DELHI: Jharkhand Mukti Morcha leader Sanjeev Kumar on Wednesday took oath as member of the Rajya Sabha.Sanjeev Kumar, who was elected to the Upper House last week, swore in the name of God when he took oath in Hindi.Chairman Hamid Ansari congratulated Kumar on taking the oath.Kumar along with Pradeep Balmuchu (Cong) were elected to Rajya Sabha from Jharkhand last week. Balmuchu took oath on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13074736", "title": "Bruhat Bangalore Mahanagara Palike engineers brush up skills at workshop", "text": "BANGALORE: An interactive workshop organized by the BWSSB on groundwater recharge and rainwater harvesting helped BBMP (Bruhat Bangalore Mahanagara Palike) officials brush up their basics in engineering. This when BWSSB chairman Gaurav Gupta set the tone for the workshop by asking them: Who is the custodian of groundwater?While some answered BWSSB, others replied BBMP and BDA and a few even said 'none'. It seemed the concept of 'common property' was new to them. Explaining the concept, Gupta said groundwater recharge is not the duty of any one civic agency or the government, but the community at large. The latter has a share of responsibility to restore and rejuvenate common properties like groundwater.At the workshop, the engineers raised the issue of road design, footpath layouts, stormwater drains, public utility buildings such that the discharged water can be soaked to the deeper levels of the ground. \"Even 15 years ago, there were tanks, sub-tanks and proper drainage in place which is why underground water would be recharged automatically. But we need better road and footpath designs to ensure that run-off water during rain enters the right pits and recharge points,\" said Ananth Narayana, assistant executive engineer, KG Halli ward.Ravindra HV, executive engineer, horticulture department, said: \"Such workshops are welcome. It is nice to take a break from our regular routine and learn new methods and technologies being introduced for urban requirements. It also helps us brush up the basics and understand what's in store ahead of us.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13073280", "title": "Metro work to hit Taratala traffic", "text": "KOLKATA: Brace for a nightmare on DH Road's Taratala crossing. The south-to-north flank at the crossing will be out of bounds to vehicular traffic after a few days to make way for construction of the viaduct for the Joka-BBD Bag Metro. This will put tremendous pressure on James Long Sarani and Tollygunge Circular Road for vehicles bound for the central business district (CBD).To avoid destruction of the Taratala flyover and Majherhat bridge, the viaduct will take a left-turn and go along the left side of DH Road, taking space off the CESC building, a warehouse and the Mint ground. It will then cross the suburban railway track alongside Majherhat bridge and take the median to go till Mominpore from there it will go underground.To accommodate this change, the city police would convert James Long Sarani into a one-way road. From 9 to 11 am, the morning peak hours, traffic will ply from south to north along James Long Sarani. During the evening peak hours from 7 to 9 pm, the movement will be reversed. However, vehicles taking Taratala flyover and Majherhat bridge will have no problem. But vehicles that normally head north along the surface road beside the flyover will be diverted along James Long Sarani.\"Most stretches of DH Road or James Long Sarani have far exceeded their saturation level. During peak hours, it is very difficult for James Long Sarani to accommodate the extra pressure that the wide DH Road has carried so far. We are also thinking of converting Tollygunge Circular Road into a one-way road till Triangular Park. Traffic will ply west to east along it and from east to west along its parallel Pandit Ganendra Prasad Goswami Sarani during the morning peak hours with movement reversed along both during the evening peak hours,\" explained a senior Kolkata traffic police officer.From Joka, the Metro viaduct was constructed along the median of DH Road, mainly barricading the space reserved for a double-line tram track. Here, the construction of pillars became easy after some underground utility services were shifted. But the problem started surfacing with the construction site at Taratala. Since the flyover and the Majherhat rail bridge are vital links for vehicular movement along DH Road, it was planned that the Metro viaduct will take a left-turn, run along the Kolkata Port Trust's land and the mint to run parallel to the flyover and Majherhat bridge.DH Road, particularly, is the vital link to the furthest end of South 24-Parganas. It handles a mammoth volume of traffic. So, any construction creates a massive bottleneck for vehicles. And, the Metro construction will create some problem. But people of Behala and Thakurpukur are not averse to any kind of trouble, for the Metro as it will make commuting to and from CBD a cakewalk.\"Our only plea to the ministry of railways is to see that no time is lost in its implementation,\" said Anirban Mitra, president of Behala-Thakurpukur Daily Commuters' Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "13073704", "title": "Seven dead, over 50 injured in two bus accidents", "text": "SHIMLA: Two buses plunged into gorges in separate accidents in Himachal Pradesh's Mandi district on Wednesday, killing seven passengers and injuring over 50.All the five occupants of an Himachal Road Transport Corporation (HRTC) bus were killed when it plunged into a 500-ft deep gorge near Tattapani, 85-km from here, SP Mandi Abhishaik Dullar said. The ill-fated bus was on its way from Roddidhar to Tatapani when the accident took place. The dead included the driver and the conductor of the bus, the SP said. Most of the passengers had disembarked from the bus a kilometre ahead of the accident site.Two persons were killed and over 50 injured, six of them seriously, when a packed private bus rolled down into a ravine at Kuchali Nalah on Wednesday morning. Some passengers were sitting on the roof of the bus when the accident took place, eye-witnesses said. The private bus was on its way from Mandi to Kulthani. The seriously injured were admitted to hospital, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13073376", "title": "New terminal ceilings to sport Tagore works", "text": "KOLKATA: The works of Rabindranath Tagore will adorn the ceilings of the new terminal of the Kolkata airport which will be the most passenger friendly one in the country. This was revealed by B P Sharma, airport director, Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose International Airport, on Wednesday. A portion of the ceiling will also have tube-lining to recreate a 'bamboo' effect, in keeping with the eastern part of the country.\"There was some delay in the project but this was not without reason. This terminal will be different from any other in the country. We have used tress-based technology due to which no columns are required inside the circulating area. We have also tried to make use of as much natural light as possible. In keeping with local sentiment, parts of Tagore's writings will adorn the ceilings. For this, special material is being screen-printed. We had to get this done through UK and Korea. Nothing like this has happened anywhere else in the country,\" Sharma said.The new terminal will have a capability to generate 20 MW of electricity to carry out emergency operations even during a major power crisis. The issue of drainage is expected to be sorted out before long.The new terminal will be completed by June and will commence operations by the Pujas, the airport director said. It will be able to handle 20 million passengers a year. At present, the airport has a capacity for only 4 million passengers though over 10 million use it every year. This is one reason for the poor amenities inside.Sharma said the primary runway will also be relaid after the monsoons and modifications in the existing control tower will be completed in the next two to three months. This will ease operations to a large extent. There is no problem with capacity though (so far as flight operations are concerned) as the airport can handle up to 40 flights an hour with its present infrastructure. Only 25 flights an hour are handled now.\"I can assure you that the new terminal will be more passenger-friendly than Delhi,\" Sharma said, adding: \"If the growth continues to remain at 19-20%, we will go in for a second development plan in 2016-17. A third runway will have to come up then. We will require additional land for this.This infrastructure should suffice till 2030 when the number of passengers is expected to go up to 40 million per annum. While we have sorted out issues with Metro Railway and the airport should get connected to the network by 2014, a flyover to the VIP Road is also nearing completion. However, if we go in for further development in 2016-17, a second road connectivity to the city may be required.\"According to him, Cathay Pacific is keenly watching the development and may start services to and from Hong Kong soon. A number of airlines, including Lufthansa , are keen to 'touch' Kolkata, Sharma added. While much of the work at the airport will be outsourced, Airports Authority of India staff will also undergo training from July to handle the state-of-the-art infrastructure in the new terminal. AAI will also offer 45 acres on the city side for commercial development. Investors will be invited to set up hotels, hospitals, offices and shopping malls on a public-private partnership basis.Sharma also confirmed that the AAI is in charge of seven airports in West Bengal , including those at Asansol, Balurghat and Malda. Though flights don't operate from these locations, flights can operate from there at short notice.The airport director was speaking at a session organised by the Bharat Chamber of Commerce. Subrata Paul , CEO and director of the Bengal Aerotropolis Projects Ltd was also present. Paul said the airport at Andal in Durgapur will attain operational readiness by October and flights will start landing there by the end of the year. He chose to skirt the issue on objections by the ministry of coal though. Civil aviation minister Ajit Singh , during his visit to Kolkata recently, had said that the airport in Andal is facing some problems.\"We are in touch with airlines. There can be a daily ATR flight from Kolkata. There is also potential for two daily flights between Durgapur and Delhi. A Mumbai-Durgapur-Bagdogra service is also possible 3 to 4 days a week,\" Paul said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13072387", "title": "4 dowry cases reported within 1 day", "text": "NASHIK: Four incidences of dowry harassment were reported within a day across the city, on Tuesday.Four complaints related to dowry harassment were reported in different police stations of the city on Tuesday. IIn a complaint lodged with Bhadrakali police, Bhagyashri Dingar (21) of Nanawali, Bhadrakali,the complainant, accused her husband Nilesh Dingar and three in-laws for torturing her physically and mentally to bring Rs 50,000 from her parents.In another case lodged with Sarkarwada police, police station,34 -year-old Gauri Lakhotia of Patrakar colony, Trimbak Road, Nashik hasaccused her husband, Rupesh Lakhotia and five others for harassing her to bring Rs 30 lakh from her parents, to purchase a flat. The complainant also alleged that her in-laws had forcibly have alsotaken away her gold jewelleryof about 400 grams and kept with them.Meanwhile, one Prajakta Yelne (22), has pressed similar charges claims against her husband, Kishor Yelne and six of her in-laws. The complainant, a resident of Ramalay Appartment, Tapovan, Panchavati has said that her husband and her in-laws had been torturing and harassing her for Rs two lakh to purchase a flat.Another incident of dowry harassment was reported at the Deolali Camp police station wherein In the fourth case, 21- year-old Pooja Adke of Waghera, Igatpuri tehsil has accused her husband, Amol Adke, and her mother- in-law for harassing her over Rs 50,000. The Deolali Camp police have registered the complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13074392", "title": "Health department to administer artemisinin-based therapies to fight malaria", "text": "JAIPUR: The medical, health and family welfare department has geared up to fight vector-borne diseases as around 1,000 cases of malaria have been detected in the last four months across the state.As part of its drive this year, the department has decided to administer artemisinin-based combination therapies (ACT) to all the malaria plasmodium falciparum (pf) cases detected by the department officials.\"This is the new step we have taken this year in connection with treatment of malaria cases. We have directed all the officials in the state in this regard,\" director (health) B R Meena said.The department aims to reduce mortality rate due to malaria by giving ACT doses. A meeting in this regard was held recently in which the department gave directions to keep a check on the increasing number of malaria cases in the state.Besides, the officials are directed to carry out a survey in the entire state to find out the places where malaria could spread. The department said it would make a strategy to deal with the disease after the survey is completed by May 14.Meena further said earlier malaria cases were detected only during the rain season but now the department is planning an entire calendar of events to deal with the vector-borne disease.He added that slum areas are most vulnerable. The slum areas in Jaipur like Jawahar Nagar Kachi Basti, Sanjay Nagar Kachi Basti are some of the vulnerable places.The department would start anti-larvae activities from May 15 in the entire state as the department officials claimed that they would put in efforts to reduce the number of malaria cases in comparison to the last year figures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13072634", "title": "Man jumps into river to end life, saved by fishermen", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It was a miraculous rescue of a 30-year-old man who jumped into the Sabarmati river from Ellisbridge on Wednesday. Some fishermen, who had then cast their nets in the river, rescued the man and brought him to the bank.Later, the man narrated his story to the police. Mukesh Chaudhary, a resident of Nava Vadaj, works in the home loan department of a bank in Naroda. He said that he had tried to end his life as he was harassed by four people in a fake case.\"He claims that on April 30, he was approached by four persons at his residence. The four accused him of cheating a man by making false promises of helping him to migrate to the US. The four also threatened him with dire consequences and demanded that he return Rs 8 lakh which he is supposed to have taken from the victim. When Mukesh feigned ignorance on the matter, the four threatened him and even roughed him up,\" said police.By the time the police reached there, the four had escaped. Chaudhary had then submitted a written complaint to Naranpura police. However, this did not stop the four unidentified persons from continuing to hound him. Chaudhary decided to end his life to get rid of the problem.Chaudhary's rescue can be attributed to another coincidence. A couple of days back, another man, Himanshu Chakravarti, had jumped off Ellisbridge. However, the firemen were unable to locate his body. The Ahmedabad Fire and Emergency Services officials then turned to the fishermen who are active in Sabarmati and asked them to watch out for Chakravarti.On Wednesday morning the fishermen spotted the body floating in the river. As they were drawing the body close to river bank, Chaudhary jumped off Ellisbridge. They then rushed to his rescue.Chaudhary was rushed to VS hospital. Hospital authorities then informed Naranpura police about the matter. Naranpura police officials later said that the complaint had been registered against unknown persons so they could not do much till date. However, after Chaudhary's suicide bid, the police are leaving no stone unturned to hunt down the oppressors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13074674", "title": "E-library to give students access to medical journals", "text": "NAGPUR: The libraries of government-run medical and dental colleges in the state will soon have access to some of the most prestigious medical journals of the world. Directorate of Medical Education and Research (DMER) has taken the initiative to enhance medical education in these institutes and give impetus to research. The step also aims meeting the needs of the electronic age.Librarian Seema Vyas of city's Government Medical College and Hospital has been chosen as the coordinator for the project named e-library consortium. Seven of the most reputed medical journals of the world, including British Medical Journal and online research database ProQuest, have already agreed to be a part of the consortium. This consortium will give students access to the best electronic resources. DMER has invested 1.25 crore to purchase the rights for use of these websites.\"Along with postgraduate students from the 14 medical and three dental colleges of the state, students from seven nursing colleges and two physiotherapy colleges would also benefit,\" said DMER director Dr Pravin Shingare. Librarians from all colleges have been trained through workshops, and all colleges have been given their own user IDs and password to access them.\"This will be of great help to around 14,000 postgraduate students in writing their dissertations and completing other projects,\" he added.\"If we were to buy hard copies of these journals for all colleges, it would have cost the state a huge amount. The number of copies would also have been too less to help all the students equally. These sites, however, can be accessed via laptops, phones or tablets anywhere in the campus,\" explained Seema Vyas.With this, Maharashtra would become one of the few states where such a service is available to students. DMER officials feel that it would go a long way in helping doctors, medical teachers and students to get a wider perspective for their research.\"Doctors grappling with a particularly difficult disease can always browse through the journals about research done on the subject earlier. Those engaged in research can also go through what has already been worked on, making sharing of resources among peers from different colleges easier,\" added Vyas. She said there are plans to make e-books of courses available through the colleges by next year as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13072806", "title": "Tree in Fatorda axed, locals vexed", "text": "MARGAO: An age-old Gulmohar tree near the Nehru stadium in Fatorda was cut on Wednesday, despite Fatorda residents obtaining a stay order against the order of the Margao Municipal Council (MMC) on Wednesday evening. The late turn of events annoyed residents from ward No. 2 of the MMC who had earlier appealed to the chief conservator of forests not to cut the tree. The residents, led by MMC councillor Bertha Cardozo, have written to the forest department under Section 15 (1) of the Goa Preservation of Trees Act, and appealed to the department to call them for a hearing in this regard before a final decision is taken.\"We are willing to support our contention with the scientific opinion of environmental experts. We strongly believe that the tree is robust, healthy, and provides shade to passers-by and local residents and enhances the aesthetic beauty of the surroundings and hence should not be cut,\" read the letter.The MMC had the issued an order on April 12 to cut the tree under Section 12 (A) of the Goa Preservation of Trees Act. The order was issued by the MMC chief officer, Salcete deputy collector and sub-divisional magistrate after a complaint was filed by a local NGO. Cardozo is planning to take up the matter with the forest department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13076619", "title": "Blitz - I's triple threat", "text": "Blitz-I is a triple threat as a rising music producer, singer (Punjabi/English) and rapper. Hailing from Manchester, birthplace of many a great musician, Blitz-I joins the ranks within a growing trend in music that has seen the breakthrough success of many great Asian artists.No stranger to the music scene, his self-produced album marks the beginning of his push into the industry after the release of his initial \"primer\" album ''Ignite'' with the then newly formed band Xplosiv Family. Blitz-I collaborated with many talented artists on this album and produced the hugely successful debut single \"Aja Meray Kohl\" with Sam M.It received great acclaim, with over 27000 downloads, airplay on many radio stations including BBC Asian Network and led to many events both domestically and on the international stage. Most recent of these events was in the cultural capital of the world, Paris, sharing the stage with the likes of Imran Khan and many other international artists of a high caliber.\"Oh Meri Nina\" is a culmination of his ever evolving sounds and a testament to his hard work. This track is an upbeat club banger which has a reggaeton feel mixed with Punjabi vocals and English rap, giving this single its unique and distinctive sound.\"It's been a while since you've heard anything from me, but don't worry people I've been away working hard behind the scenes experimenting, perfecting my sound and at the same time keeping an eye on what the scene has to offer. I'm back now with a fresh new sound, new flavour for all the fans out there. Hopefully you won't be disappointed and will continue to support me like you have from day one.\"True to his name, Blitz-I has not just released a single, but rather a sudden and destructive musical force, overwhelming the senses, a sound to be loved, remembered and reckoned with! But his characteristic concentrated efforts and intensive campaigns do not just extend to music. This multi talented individual is also a great philanthropist. Having travelled the rocky road to where he know stands with many twists and turns in his journey of self taught talent, it was his desire to help others like himself and put something back into the music community. Blitz-I runs a charitable organisation known as \"Sqaure1cmo\" providing a platform for young people to gain access to acquiring musical skills. Recently signed to Superkick Records, Blitz-I is working on completing his E.P and you shall be hearing more.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13074460", "title": "Suspicious mob lynches 3 'bahurupiyas'", "text": "NAGPUR: An angry mob lynched three sari-clad 'Bahurupiyas' at Abha Colony in Kalamna suspecting them to be a part of the four-member gang which had allegedly committed a series of molestations, rapes and thefts in the area. The three were dragged out of police van that had rushed to the spot to quell the crowd and two killed on the spot in front of the outnumbered cops. The crowd chased down the third who had momentarily managed to escape their clutches and killed him a little away from the spot.Their fourth companion survived as he was inside the police van. However, he had already sustained severe injuries before the cops arrived. All were from the same family and from the Nath yogi community in Modipur village of Buldhana. Having learnt that some people had taped the gory incident on their mobiles, the police are now looking for them.Kalamna area remained in the throes of panic after the dramatic episode was played out in the morning. The Bahurupiyas - Punjabrao Solanki, Hasaan Solanki, Supra Nagnath and Punjabrao Shinde - arrived in an autorickshaw at Laxmi Nagar slum which is close to Kalamna market. Draping themselves in saris they were all set to go to seek alms in slums when some youths raised an alarm and began chasing them.A group soon started manhandling them and they were joined by more people, who came with sticks and stones, from adjoining slums. Police inspector Rajesh Padvi rushed to the spot on his bike from Kalamna police station, which was a couple of kilometres away, on being informed about the incident. A police van too followed Padvi but there were very few personnel in it as it was still early hours of the day.Padvi and a couple of cops managed to pull out Punjabrao Solanki, Hasaan Solanki and Supra Nagnath from the mob and pushed them into the police van. The mob then turned its ire on the police van, raining it with stones. A few even had a scuffle with the cops who could do nothing as the crowd dragged Hasaan Solanki and Supra Nagnath out of the van and in the process damaged it too. The crowd had blocked the path of the police van with material from the site.Hasan Solanki was stoned to death in front of an under-construction building. Supra Nagrath tried to tear away from the mob but was caught and lynched. Punjabrao Shinde managed to elude those chasing him for half a kilometre before he too met his end behind a school.Punjabrao Solanki has to thank constable Dudhram Netam for escaping alive. Netam stood held the van door with a firm grip which the mob found difficult to dislodge.Van driver Dinesh Bobade held on to the steering even as the mob tried to pull him down by tugging at his legs. He managed to reverse the van but was baulked by a nullah. All the while, the mob was pelting stones on the vehicle. Bobade drove the vehicle through some open plots and managed to reach the Indira Gandhi Government Medical College and Hospital where Punjabrao Solanki is undergoing treatment.Rumours of the presence of a gang which was targeting women and stealing their valuables, and molesting young girls in the area had been doing the rounds. The residents felt it was the handiwork of the 'chhaddi-baniyan' gang.The police has already picked up half-dozen suspects and are verifying the roles of some others. City police chief Ankush Dhanvijay said that the mob targeted the Bahurupiyas due to a misunderstanding. \"We are also verifying the statement of the Bahurupiyas to ascertain their identities. There were no rapes or molestations, or even a big theft in the locality,\" he confirmed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "tirumala", "code": "13072760", "title": "Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams busts laddu racket", "text": "TIRUMALA: Vigilance officials of Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams (TTD) busted a laddu racket by arresting six contract workers and 14 dalaris (agents) here on Wednesday. Cases were booked against them under the Endowments Act.Chief vigilance and security officer GVG Ashok Kumar told TOI that 259 laddu tokens were found in the possession of the accused. \"We have handed them over to the local police for further action,\" he said. Sources said the contract of the workers could be terminated.Officials said the dalaris were running the racket in nexus with the contract employees who work at the laddu counters. Their modus operandi was to collect fresh laddus, cut out some parts and make them into smaller size. Each laddu made in the Potu (temple kitchen) weighs around 180 grams and is sold for Rs 25. The laddus resized by the gang are sold illegally at a higher price.The vigilance officials also found out that some of these agents would stand in the laddu counter queues, collect tokens and sell them at high rates to pilgrims. Due to the heavy demand for the most sought-after Tirupati laddu, the agents in cahoots with officials have found ways and means to manufacture and sell the prasadam.Each laddu comes for Rs 25 for pilgrims who have darshan on Arjitha seva ticket and Rs 20 for free darshan devotees.Each free darshan devotee gets two laddus while four are given to Arjith seva pilgrim. Tokens for laddus are given at different queue complexes and can be collected at the laddu collection counters outside the temple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13073822", "title": "Former chief medical officer Shukla in CBI custody for 48 hours", "text": "LUCKNOW: A CBI court on Wednesday sent Lucknow's former chief medical officer (CMO), Lucknow, Dr AK Shukla, in CBI custody for 48 hours. The Central agency arrested Shukla on Sunday night in connection with the murder of his colleague Dr VK Arya, CMO, family welfare, Lucknow. The murder has been linked to the multi-crore NRHM scam.The court said that the remand period would begin on Thursday at 11 am. CBI judge Mirza Zeenat said that it was clear from the case dairy and other documents that the accused should be handed over to the CBI for proper investigation.On Wednesday, the CBI's investigating officer (IO) Hari Singh sought the custody of Dr Shukla.In the application IO said that the CBI needs to question Dr Shukla for information which could be helpful in cracking the case.The CBI wants to recover the weapon and vehicle used in the crime. It also wants to know as to others involved in the case. It wants to take Dr Shukla to several places in connection with the crime.The CBI application also stated that in May 2010 the state government bifurcated the post of CMO, health and family welfare, Lucknow, into two separate posts incharge of health and family welfare respectively. Earlier, Dr Shukla as CMO of Lucknow was incharge of both health and family welfare but after bifurcation he was left with only health department and Dr Arya was made CMO family welfare. This annoyed Dr Shukla, therefore he conspired with Dr Arya's deputy Dr YS Sachan to eliminate him. Subsequently, Dr Sachan hired RK Verma for Rs five lakg to kill Dr Arya. Verma arranged two shooters Anand Prakash Tiwari and Vinod Sharma who shot dead Dr Arya on October 27, 2010, in Vikasnagar area.On the other hand, on behalf of Dr Shukla, it was stated that the CBI arrested him without disclosing any reason. It was also said that the CBI has no evidence against Dr Shukla.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "13073196", "title": "Chandrababu Naidu defends CBI action against Jagan\u2019s firms", "text": "GUNTUR: Defending the CBI action of freezing the Sakshi newspaper and television bank accounts, TDP president Chandrababu Naidu said that both Y S Rajasekhara Reddy and Jaganmohan Reddy would have been in jail long ago had Congress high command responded to TDP's corruption charges against the late CM and his son.He said that no one would escape from the crimes committed under the garb of freedom of press.Speaking to reporters here on Wednesday, Naidu said that there was no threat either to the freedom of speech or freedom of press in the state. \"Is it not the duty of the investigation agency to find out who is funding and from where the funds are coming in? Don't club the freedom of media and corrupt practices together,\" Naidu said.He said that freezing of accounts in such cases was not new as the CBI had taken a similar action in Kalaignar television case. Naidu found fault with senior journalists and writers for supporting Sakshi group in the issue. \"It is not proper for senior journalists and writers to support corrupt people in such issues. They should in fact support the CBI,\" Naidu said. He asked whether journalists would back gangster Bhanu Kiran if he floats a media house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13072761", "title": "Did Narendra Modi govt pay for SIT chief Raghavan's foreign trips?", "text": "AHMEDABAD: What was the need for amicus curiae Raju Ramachandran to put down these words in his final report before the Supreme Court which became public this week? \"The cost for boarding and lodging for both the amicus curiae at BSF mess, Gandhinagar as well as the cost for local transportation by private taxi was arranged by the SIT...the cost of travel from Delhi to Ahmedabad and back (for both the advocates) was borne by the amicus curiae. In all the interactions with the witnesses, my advocate colleague Gaurav Agrawal was present.\"For a while, there has been a buzz in legal circles that the SIT chief and former CBI director R K Raghavan, who has given a report which is very favourable for Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi in the Zakia Jafri case, was being pampered by the state government.While he had a salary of Rs 1.5 lakh and was entitled to executive-class travel by air, there were murmurs about personal trips at Gujarat government expense to London . Besides, Raghavan had no earmarked headquarter so that he could submit all his travel bills across the country even though these visits were not related to the probe.Attempts to get information on Raghavan's travel bills under Right to Information (RTI) are being stone-walled. At least three persons, including the state Congress president Arjun Modhwadia have repeatedly tried to extract these details but even an appeal to the Chief Information Commisioner (CIC) D Rajagopalan four months back has not helped. A Modi confidant, Rajagopalan retired as chief secretary of Gujarat in 2010 after a six-month extension. Post-retirement, the Modi government then made him chairman of the Sardar Sarovar Narmada Nigam and then gave him a three-year term as CIC.More importantly, there are strong bonds between Rajagopalan and Raghavan as their wives are closely related. Sources said Modi had in fact met Raghavan for the first time at a wedding in the Rajagopalan family while the SIT probe was still on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "13073798", "title": "Hindu Religious and Charitable Endowments, Srirangam mutt spar over burial spot of dead seer", "text": "TRICHY: The body of Lakhsmana Narayana seer of Srirangam Balahari Purushothama Ramanuja mutt, who passed away in Kolkata on May 6, created a flutter in Srirangam on Wednesday over a dispute whether the mortal remains could be buried inside the mutt. The body of the seer was brought from Kolkata to Chennai on Tuesday night, and taken to Amma Mandapam in an ambulance.The disciples of the deceased insisted that the body be buried inside the mutt, but the authorities of the Hindu Religious and Charitable Endowments department objected, saying the mutt housed the Perumal temple. Srirangam tahsildar Rengarajan said it was either a Christian or Muslim tradition to keep a body inside a place of worship for rituals, and was not acceptable in the Hindu dharma.Three seers of the mutt are buried on the banks of the Kollidam, and to deviate from such a practice would set a bad precedent, the tahsildar said. Meanwhile, the remains of the seer were left untouched in the ambulance until late at night, as the disciples were making last-ditch efforts to conduct the rites their way.The 90-year-old seer was conducting the religious affairs of the 150-year-old Balahari Purushothama Ramanuja Mutt until January 30, 2009, when he vanished under mysterious circumstances. The Perumal temple inside the mutt had also been closed to devotees for the last 20 years following a dispute. Sources said the seer was reported to have bequeathed Rs 50 crore worth property to a certain Badri Narayanan, who happened to be his cook at the mutt, before moving out. Later, the temple along with its properties that included 20 acres were brought under the control of the HR&amp;CE.;Meanwhile, the head of the disciples, Govinda Ramanuja Dasar filed a habeas corpus in Madras high court, and following a directive, police traced Lakhsmana Narayana to Kolkata. The seer told the court that he had simply retired to Kolkata, his hometown, as he was getting old. Later, he told media that he had gone to Kolkata to mobilize funds for the mutt. \"I do not know who Govinda Ramanuja Dasar is, and I suspect he is attempting to capture the properties of the mutt,\" he had then said. Since then, heavy police protection had been accorded to the mutt and the seer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13073983", "title": "Advantage private operator post cell No. portability", "text": "INDORE: Network problem, connectivity and customer service-related issues and high tariff have been found to be reasons for the cell phone users switching over to service providers of their choice in the state. The basic fact that one can change one's service provider without changing one's cell phone number has acted like a booster for increase in number of mobile number portability (MNP).The nationwide figure available as of now indicates that BSNL and a host of other telecom operators are losers on the front of mobile number portability (MNP). The state-owned telecom operator could score --18,947 mark during the fourth quarter of the last fiscal ending on March 31 this year. Some service providers include Tata GSM (-317,264), Tata CDMA (-199623), Reliance GSM (-811241) and Reliance CDMA (-272585) as per the national porting house.Commenting on the BSNL bad performance, VK Bhalla, a telecom expert, said the fact that it is a state-owned service provider does not act as pull before customers who have choices before them now. Other networks are doing aggressive marketing by tying up with Blackberry and IPhone companies, the BSNL can't even think of it, Bhalla said.When contacted, GC Pandey, senior general manager, BSNL Indore, said we are getting more and more high-end customers in post-paid format as port-in because of our transparent services. We are observing port out in case of some of the low-end pre-paid customers, who have got habituated to double SIM cellphone and like changing their service providers.Keeping in view the port-in which took place during January 2011 and March, 2012, the latest figure available says that the Airtel has been the biggest gainer with 88,22,087 users switching to the Airtel. It is followed by Vodafone (88,00,979) and Idea (77,35,584), a source said.K Srinivas, president, consumer business, Bharti Airtel , said we are delighted that thousands of mobile customers across the country have used MNP to join Airtel. Airtel provides the largest network across 2G and 3G and is the first choice for most customers in India, Srinivas claimed.In certain cases, the customers have complained that their port-in requests were rejected by the service providers. However, Sudhir Gupta, principal advisor (MS), TRAI, puts it differently. He says the major reasons for rejections include incorrect unique porting code submitted by subscribers in the porting form, non-completion of 90 days from the date of activation of mobile number, existing contractual obligation and non-payment of outstanding bill.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13073588", "title": "Clean drinking water order by DC", "text": "RANCHI: Deputy commissioner K K Soan ordered the executive engineer of public health department and cleanliness division to supply clean water to all the places where clean drinking water is unavailable.The DC on Wednesday had convened a district coordination meeting held on Wednesday. Soan said, \"Clean drinking water should be supplied to schools, health centers, anganwadi centers and all the panchayats. A copy of expenditure of the amount provided to drinking water and cleanliness committee should be submitted soon.\"The DC asked the block development officers to confirm the opening of bank account of all the drinking water and cleanliness committees in the district.A sum of Rs 2 lakh was provided to panchayats for repair of hand pumps and making toilets in schools. Directing the block development officers (BDOs), Soan said, \"The details of expenditure of the amount should be submitted in the coordination meeting held every month and toilets should be made in all the schools which lack them.\"DC directed civil surgeon A K Chaudhary to appoint doctors for medical check-up of children staying at residential schools. He also said that the civil surgeon should provide the list of the people to whom BPL cards would be distributed under national health insurance programme to the mukhiyas of respective panchayats. \"The list of BPL cardholders who have been treated and provided medicines should be submitted every month,\" Soan told the BDOs and the block medical officers.The DC also directed the district supply officer to submit a report on the expenditure of 10 quintals food provided to every panchayat in the next meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13073193", "title": "Narain Karthikeyan deserves better for his determination", "text": "NARAIN Karthikeyan had frustration writ large on his face when I chatted with him recently about his angst of being in Formula 1 with a car that isn't taking him anywhere. It does seem that the elation of being with the elite on a F1 grid does subside when one becomes the whipping boy of the grid.NK isn't that slow off the blocks as such, and perhaps deserves better for the determination and hard work that he has put in since the early 90s. One's own money has a propensity to disappear faster than a F1 car if sponsors are not in place. His lament is that he doesn't have much to show for as a bank balance for the blood, sweat and tears that he has given to remain in this sport.He doesn't seem too much inclined to move to another chapter of motorsport, like Karun Chandhok who is now competing in an World Endurance event. I guess it's akin to asking a Test cricketer to play Ranji Trophy because he can't retain a place in the squad! He would rather that he gets a position with Jaguar for the works team as and when it comes about. This would be life after F1 and for reasons that can be considered monetarily too.NK does have a sweet deal currently with HRT as his seat is in exchange for components such as the gearbox that is valued at around 5 million euros. The gearbox is a part of the Williams-Jaguar JV and for HRT it doesn't matter whether NK brings cash or components equal in value (a little cash is involved too). It's a win-win situation for both, but the happiness rudely stops there. It's a lost situation as far as performance is concerned, with HRT clearly unable to bring anything to the table and NK bringing up the rear end in a chassis that is woefully devoid of any down force. The lack of adherence to the tarmac causes a nightmare due to the top area of the tyre overheating terribly, thus causing blistering. Result? One extra pit-stop. And not being able to even beat the lowly Virgins adds to his gloom.The departure of the seasoned Geoff Willis from the team has created a huge void on the technical aspect of development. After all, the replacement, Cuquerella, is an engineer promoted to the post of technical director. Quite not the same, is it?NK, however, may still need a million euros to ensure participation for the entire duration of the championship and this itself is difficult for him to arrange. Sponsors are happy to give him money but not to the team, as obviously, they do not want to be associated with a struggling outfit. Moreover, the contract is loaded. HRT can bring in a replacement driver should his performance not match his teammate's.Or knowing the ruthless world of F1, NK can even be ousted if another driver arrives with more of the moolah. His discussions with the TN govt to hold events on the Chennai streets with an F1 car may help him raise some money and also give this auto major hub some publicity. But wouldn't it be quicker if the CM were to give him some money from the state's sports corpus? After all, he is the son of the soil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "13072741", "title": "Sizzling summer leaves TDP chief wilting?", "text": "GUNTUR: Is TDP chief Chandrababu Naidu feeling the heat? It appears so, as Naidu is confining himself to indoors during the election campaign. Naidu, who used to hold marathon sessions for 10-12 hours a day without taking a single break, is not venturing out with the sun beating down hard during the day and afternoon. He sets out after 5 pm and addresses 5-6 meetings before winding up the campaign at the mandatory hour of 10 pm.Party sources said Naidu's tour schedule has been scheduled keeping in view of his health and age. \"We have advised him to take adequate rest before going out to canvass in support of the candidates,\" said a senior party functionary. Naidu used to be in full flow, addressing rallies and meetings, and never looked tired. But now, the TDP supremo looks pale and tired.Naidu, who left Hyderabad at around 7 am on Tuesday, reached Nagarjunasagar in Macherla constituency by 11 am. He spent about 30 minutes in a road show in the scorching heat and was closeted with local leaders for about an hour before retiring for lunch. He resumed the campaign only around 6 pm after the mercury receded. He addressed six meetings before ending the campaign at Karampudi at 10 pm. He immediately rushed to his air-conditioned vehicle. \"He used to hold confabulations till 2 am before going to bed, particularly during election time. But he goes to sleep early now,\" a party insider said. Naidu, who is known to be ready for campaign by 6 am, took his own time in getting ready on Wednesday. He had his breakfast at MLA Anand Babu's residence and left for the party office around 10 am. \"Naidu keeping himself indoors till 10 am was never heard of in the past,\" admitted a senior leader.He visited the party office in Guntur and later held an indoor session at Prathipadu constituency till afternoon before retiring for lunch. He relaxed for a few hours at a local leader's residence and kickstarted the campaign only at 5 pm.\"Leading a regional party in the face of odds like Telangana issue and desertions by senior leaders seems to have jolted his morale,\" analysed a doctor, associated with Naidu for over two decades.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13073020", "title": "Gurgaon police: Drop women staff home at night", "text": "GURGAON: The city police commissioner on Wednesday asked BPOs and Nasscom to ensure that their women employees were dropped home safely at night. The drivers transporting women employees must be verified by the police, the police chief said.In a meeting with a delegation of Nasscom, police commissioner K K Sindhu said that he had seen many a servant, driver or cook first winning the trust of their masters and later breaching that trust before committing a crime. So they should be verified by the police before being employed.The employers should depute only the verified drivers for dropping women employees during odd hours.The police chief said that instructions have already been issued to install CCTV cameras at parking sites so that the activities of criminals can be recorded. As a safeguard, he suggested the keeping of a record of fingerprints, photographs and identity proofs of the drivers, servants, cooks, etc at the time of employing them and get these verified from local police. This will serve as deterrent for the persons with criminal background. Moreover, he said that as a safety measure, an ACP level officer is deputed on duty daily for inspection of locations around pubs and liquor vends from midnight onwards and everyday some miscreants are picked up and sent to lock up.Nasscom's regional manager Nidhi Gupta and deputy manager Somitra Das Gupta raised the issue of shortage of parking sites where IT and ITeS companies are located to which Sindhu asked them to prepare a plan highlighting the open spaces available which can be used for parking of vehicles.In the meeting MCG commissioner Sudhir Rajpal suggested that if some roads can be made one-way, the other portion of the road can be used for parking purposes. He sadi there is some home work to be done in this regards but after identifying the spaces for parking, tenders can be invited and a uniform rate can be fixed by the MCG or HUDA depending on which agency owns the road or the open space. HUDA Administrator Praveen Kumar endorsed this suggestion. Sindhu said that the Gurgaon police was considering making their website interactive and more user-friendly so that anyone can post their useful suggestions on it and the police could respond to it.The meeting was attended by Sukhvinder Singh, general manager, IBM , Chiranjiv Khurana, deputy generla manager IBM, and Sunil Kumar, assistant vice-president of Genpact.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13073441", "title": "'One time catch-up grant' scheme extended to 12th Plan", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The University Grants Commission (UGC) has extended the 'One Time Catch Up Grant' for colleges that have not been setup under a Central Act, to the 12th Five Year Plan as well. However, the financial support for infrastructural development of these colleges has been slashed from the earlier Rs two crore to Rs one crore for the beneficiary institution.The extension comes as a major relief to institutions otherwise unable to get financial support from the UGC to help them improve their facilities for the benefit of students.Pointedly, there are nearly 8,800 colleges, mainly undergraduate ones, affiliated to state universities which are technically under the purview of the UGC, but do not get development grants from the UGC as these colleges do not meet the minimum eligibility norms in terms of physical facilities and infrastructure.Therefore, these colleges are not included under Section 12B of the UGC Act. As a result, these colleges are caught in a vicious cycle: Low infrastructure causing preclusion from development grants leading to non-development of infrastructure and consequent low quality of education.In the larger and long-time interest of a balanced and equitable development of higher education in the country, these colleges need support, so that they too come up to a standard and eventually become eligible for regular UGC development grants which can lead to sustained growth.Under the 11th Five Year Plan (FYP), the UGC evolved a scheme to provide one-time catch-up grant to a large number of such \"uncovered\" colleges, especially in under-served areas, which have been thus far precluded from the UGC development grants on account of gaps in their infrastructure and quality. The scheme mainly aims to strengthen such colleges and enable them to fulfill the 12B criteria for regular UGC assistance by the end of the XI Plan period i.e. March 31, 2011.However the Scheme has now been extended to the 12th Five Year Period with the UGC inviting colleges to apply for the grant.UGC's Deputy Secretary Shakuntla Kashyap in this regard has sent the UGC letter to 24 universities of the country including Allahabad University (AU).The UGC has asked the varsities to inform Government Colleges and Government aided private colleges established by a trust or a society and included in section 2(f) of the UGC Act, but has not thus far received UGC development grants under section 12B about the scheme.The universities have also been asked to forward the applications of the colleges to the UGC for their consideration.However this time the college would have to vie for grants worth Rs One Crore instead of Rs Two Crores under the 11th Five Year Plan, the letter clearly indicates.Academicians of Sangam city have welcomed the extension of the scheme to 12th FYP but rue the fact that the grant has been reduced from Rs Two Crore to Rs One Crore.Senior faculty of Allahabad University and president of Allahabad University Teacher Association (AUTA) Prof GC Tripathi welcomed the continuation of the scheme beyond the 11th FYP as well.\"A large number of colleges lack adequate infrastructure in the state and this scheme is bound to benefit especially those which are still devoid of financial aid to develop and progress. However if the grant was not increased under 12th FYP, I would have liked to see it remain the same,\" he added. Principal of Mahila Sewa Sadan Degree College, Dr Shiela Rani Yadav also believes that the grant should not have been reduced to Rs One crore by the center though she also welcomed the extension of the scheme under the 12th FYP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13073062", "title": "Petition filed against Eenadu daily", "text": "HYDERABAD: A retired professor and an advocate, both residents of Secunderabad, on Wednesday moved a lunch motion before a vacation bench of the high court urging it to hear their petition calling for an order to the state government against releasing advertisements to the vernacular Eenadu newspaper on the grounds that it has allegedly violated all norms prescribed in GO No. 403, dated July 21, 1992.Petitioners Boorla Ramaswamy, a retired professor, and advocate C Dharma Reddy filed the plea challenging the continued patronage being extended by the state government towards the daily even though it was violating norms like the one advising newspapers against openly associating themselves with any political parties.The Eenadu newspaper is working with the agenda of furthering the political fortunes of the Telugu Desam Party and is also indulging in character assassination of TDP rivals, the petitioners alleged.The vacation bench made it clear that it was not taking up any lunch motions and hence declined to hear the matter urgently. The petitioners were advised to file their pleas following the regular procedure. The counsel for the petitioner said he would be filing the same petition on Monday, the day earmarked for filing of petitions with vacation courts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13072688", "title": "East Delhi Municipal Corporation to launch tax collection drive", "text": "NEW DELHI: East Delhi Municipal Corporation will undertake a drive every Saturday to bring more properties in the tax ambit in a bid to make up for the fiscal deficit.With the Delhi government giving it a loan of Rs 421 crore and aware of the fact that it does not have enough income generating resources, the corporation is aiming at strengthening two zones - Shahdara North and Shahdara South.\"There are over 100,000 properties that need to be brought under the tax net. For instance, in Shahdara North, there are over 80,000 properties under the tax net. However, last year we received tax only from 50,000. We are aiming to boost our revenue collection,\" said SS Yadav, commissioner, East Delhi Municipal Corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "kolkata/haldia", "code": "13073427", "title": "Congress candidate attacked, LF seeks free and fair poll", "text": "KOLKATA/Haldia: A Congress candidate for Panskura municipal election was beaten up on Tuesday, a day after the party sought protection for its candidates in Haldia and Panskura. The two municipalities are going to polls on June 3.On Wednesday, the Left Front too joined the chorus, asking the Mamata Banerjee government to hold a free, fair and peaceful civic poll. The attacks on Left activists should stop immediately, it said.The Trinamool Congress distanced itself from the attack on Congress candidate Maleka Biwi, terming it as the handiwork of locals.Even Trinamool Congress leaders have criticized their party colleagues for high-handedness. On Monday, Trinamool's Haldia MLA Shiuli Saha had alleged that her party colleague Subhendu Adhikary had scuttled the nomination of eight of her candidates for the 26-member Haldia civic board and had humiliated and insulted her. Saha, while speaking out against the Adhikary family's \"dynastic\" politics in East Midnapore, said she would write to chief minister Mamata Banerjee and found no reason to continue as a MLA. However, by going public on an internal party feud Shiuli didn't find any favour with the chief minister. On Tuesday night, urban development minister Firhad Hakim spoke to her and communicated the party didn't approve her public comments against an MP.On Wednesday, the Left Front also made a strong pitch for more security. Front chairman Biman Bose said \"atrocities\" on its workers by Trinamool activists must stop before the elections.\"Political atrocities have to be stopped and fake litigations filed against our party workers have to be withdrawn\", Bose said, adding, the Left Front would strengthen its poll campaign in the days ahead. He said the campaign involving its mass organisations would go on beyond the June 3 civic poll and the panchayat election thereafter. Assembly opposition leader Surjya Kanta Mishra said in a public meeting in Narayangarh, \"A decision has been taken to contest the forthcoming polls. There will be attacks on us. But we have to stand firm and contest,\" he said.Tension gripped Panskura's Chapadali this morning, after Biwi - a Panskura municipality councillor - was assaulted allegedly by a Trinamool nominee Anisur Rehman and his supporters. Biwi was trying to install a tube-well in her ward 15, when the Trinamool candidate in the ward alleging she was violating poll conduct assaulted her severely.Police intervened and rescued her. She was later taken to a Tamluk hospital for treatment. Rehman refuted the charges claiming the victim wasn't even a candidate where the attack purportedly took place. \"This was a problem with locals. The allegations are baseless,\" he said.On Monday, Pradesh Congress general-secretary and spokesperson Om Prakash Mishra complained SEC Mira Pande that they were receiving complaints of harassment and intimidation of the Congress nominees in these two municipalities and we fear that Congress nominees would be forced out if the election by securing their \"withdrawal\" from the election. \"The last date for withdrawal of nomination is May 11 and if there are withdrawals, it would have been secured by the strong arm tactics of the Trinamool Congress,\" he wrote to the SEC.Amid the acrimony between the Congress and Trinamool Congress over the municipal polls,The Congress has also urged the state election commission to postpone counting of votes and declaration of results for the Haldia and Panskura municipal polls till the June 12 assembly bypoll in neighbouring Daspur is over. Vote counting for the municipal polls is presently scheduled for June 5. The reason ostensibly cited in the party's letter to Mira Pande, state Election Commission chairperson, is that the Congress apprehends trouble during the campaign at Daspur, especially between June 5 and June 12. Congress, which stands a good chance in the two civic polls, has accused ally Trinamool of abducting one of its candidates for the Haldia municipal poll.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13074937", "title": "Caste certificates of 37 corporators of Pimpri Chinchwad municipal corporation under scrutiny", "text": "PUNE: Caste certificates submitted by 37 corporators in Pimpri Chinchwad municipal corporation are under a cloud after the recent high court judgment which directed their cancellation if given without the approval of the validity cell.Many aspiring candidates had rushed to get caste validity certificates for the municipal corporation, municipal council, panchayat samiti and zilla parishad elections for seats reserved for members of scheduled castes (SC), scheduled tribes (ST), nomadic tribes (NT) and other backward class (OBC). As a result, the state government had appointed caste validity certificate committees under the district collectors to distribute caste validity certificates.A large number of candidates had obtained 'kunbi' caste certificates just before the municipal elections in order to be eligible to contest the polls from wards reserved for the OBC category.\"Normally, a caste validity certificate is given by the committee after getting a report from the vigilance cell. Last year, just before the municipal elections, there was a rush of candidates for getting the certificates. The state government through a government resolution on July 30, 2011 had appointed the committees under district collectors in 23 districts to give the certificates,\" a senior civic official said.The high court in its order last week cancelled the state government's GR, he added. \"It said that all caste certificates given by the caste validity committees without seeking the report from the vigilance cells are invalid,\" the official said.He said the court order would have an impact. \"Municipal elections were held to 128 seats in Pimpri Chinchwad, including a total of 56 seats reserved for candidates belonging to SC, ST and OBC category. Thirty seven corporators in Pimpri Chinchwad city have been elected from these reserved seats. They had obtained their caste validity certificates after July 30, 2011. Their certificates will be under the scanner,\" he added.Uday Tekale, assistant commissioner and chief of election department, said, \"If the Supreme Court upholds the high court order, then the state government's social welfare department and the state election commission will have to decide how to implement it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13072892", "title": "Vigilance likely to move closure petition", "text": "KOCHI: The Vigilance and Anti-Corruption Bureau (VACB) has not yet been able to find any 'corroborative evidence' to substantiate the bribery charge levelled by godman Santhosh Madhavan against V A Arun Kumar, son of former CM V S Achuthanandan.According to official sources, VACB is likely to move a closure petition before the Kerala high court within a week or two in the case, which originated after Santhosh Madhavan alleged that he had paid Rs 80 lakh to Kumar in 2006 to get sanction for filling up around 200 acres of land he had purchased in Kottayam district.Swami Amritananthachaithanya alias Santhosh Madhavan had also written a letter to chief minister Oommen Chandy last year levelling the charges. He had alsoalleged that he had paid Rs 10 lakh to a woman advocate as well.A division bench of the high court asked the state government on December 14 last to explain why a case had not been registered by the vigilance department against Arun Kumar during the hearing of the vigilance probe petition filed by V K Raju.The VACB team conducting the probe filed an affidavit before the court on December 22 saying that no case had been registered because there was no supportive evidence on the charges levelled by Santosh Madhavan against Arun Kumar.The vigilance team found that Santhosh Madhavan had withdrawn Rs 80 lakh on October 6, 2006, a day before the payment was supposedly made to Arun Kumar.\"But there is no evidence to suggest that Santhosh Madhavan had paid that money to Arun Kumar. Santhosh Madhavan had been withdrawing crores of rupees each month during the period when he was engaged in the land deal, and it is tough to relate this particular withdrawal to Arun Kumar,\" a VACB official told TOI here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13072293", "title": "SC notice to cops on kidnapping charge", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Wednesday sought responses from the Delhi police commissioner and director general of police, Punjab, on a woman's allegation that her son had been kidnapped by Delhi police personnel and illegally detained in connivance with the Chandigarh police.A bench of Justices P Sathasivam and J Chelameswar issued the notices to the top cops in Delhi and Punjab on a habeas corpus petition filed by Paramjit Kaur alleging that her son Rohit Malhotra (17) was forcibly taken away by personnel from her residence in Chandigarh on April 8.She said a telephonic message received by her indicated that her son was in lock-up of Rajinder Nagar police station and sought a direction from the court to the police to produce her son.Petitioner's counsel Harvinder Chaudhuri and Nishesh Sharma alleged that it has become common for police to pick up innocent persons without warrant and put them in lock-up. They requested for a hearing on Friday, but the bench said it would give the police a week's time to respond to the allegation.The petition would come up for hearing before the vacation bench next week.Kaur said she and her daughter were at home when two policemen from Rajinder Nagar police station accompanied by two others from Chandigarh came and forcibly took away Rohit without assigning any reason and later refused to divulge his whereabouts.She said Rohit had earlier told that \"some unknown persons from Delhi had been demanding Rs 50,000 from him\". She said she had given a representation to the Delhi Police commissioner on April 10 and two days later to the Chief Justice of India but had not received any news about her son.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13073192", "title": "Hindu girls' abductions: India urges Pakistan to protect minorities\u2019 rights", "text": "NEW DELHI: As incidents of alleged persecution and intimidation of Hindus in Pakistan rise, India on Wednesday appealed to Islamabad to take all possible steps to protect the constitutional rights of its minorities by ensuring their safety and security. Recently, in separate incidents, three Hindu girls in Sindh province have reportedly been abducted and married against their wishes to Muslim men after being forcefully converted to Islam.Foreign minister SM Krishna said in Lok Sabha this is a matter of concern and is being taken up appropriately with the Pakistani government. \"It is the responsibility of the Pakistani government to discharge its constitutional obligations towards its citizens, including those from the minority community,\" said Krishna.He was responding to the issue of treatment of minorities in Pakistan raised by BJP leader Murli Manohar Joshi last week.Krishna said India had taken up \"appropriately\" with the Pakistani authorities on abduction, forceful marriage and conversion to Islam of three Hindu girls in Sindh province.\"The Pakistani government stated that it was fully cognizant of the situation and looked after the welfare of all its citizens, particularly the minority community,\" he said.Krishna also referred to press release issued by the Pakistani government stating that the Pakistani President had taken note of the reports of kidnapping of a Hindu girl from Mirpur Mathelo in Sindh and allegedly being forced to convert by some influential people of the area.Krishna pointed out that the Simla Agreement of 1972 between India and Pakistan specifically provides for non-interference in each other's internal affairs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13073137", "title": "Take action against car decorators: Owners", "text": "CHANDIGARH: While the traffic police have launched a drive against car black films, there is no crackdown on car decorators who continue to put black films on these.The car owners in the city suggest that action should have been taken against the car decorators and manufacturers of black films as they are selling illegal products. The shops in four prominent motor markets of sectors 47, 27, 28 and 38 had a beeline of car owners. Hundreds of workers who usually put black filming were witnessed removing these. On the first day, Friday, Chandigarh traffic police challaned 230 vehicles for using tinted glasses. Till date 1,500 have been challaned for the same.Gaganjit Singh, a Sector 22 resident, said, his car was challaned, but the cops allowed his friends to go scot-free as their SUV has manufacturer-installed tinted glasses. Resident of Sector 41, Raman Sharma said, \"Car decorators fool public by saying that the filming they do is approved. If police nail them they will think twice before fooling others.\"Resident of Sector 38, Brajesh Kumar said though the traffic police carried a drive without prior information but he got to know about it from one of his friend. \"I was surprised to know that traffic police doesn't have any problem because my car has tinted glasses which came from the manufacturer.\"Resident of Sector 11, Ravi Gilhotra who recently purchased an SUV with tinted glasses, said, \"I assumed that all kind of tinted glasses were banned. Fearing the same I did not drive my car for three days. But now I know that we are allowed to drive around with these.\"DSP (traffic) Vijay Kumar said, \"Black films are not allowed at all but vehicles which have tinted glasses from manufacturer are allowed within the permissible limits. The front and rear mirror should have visibility of 70% and windows on both sides should have visibility of 50%.\" He added, \"Traffic personnel's have a special meter with them through which they can check the percentage of tints.\" Chandigarh traffic police along with the help of police control room department issued 378 challans on Wednesday, till the filing of this report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13074600", "title": "Christians to get waiver on home loan", "text": "MANGALORE: Members of Christian community in Dakshina Kannada, who have borrowed money from public sector banks to build houses, will get an interest waiver upto Rs 1 lakh under the state government's Christian Development Scheme.Interest accumulated after 2007 will be paid under the scheme to the bank directly through Karnataka Minorities Development Corporation (KMDC) Limited. KMDC chairman NB Aboobakkar told reporters here that the amount will be paid as a grant-in-aid and beneficiaries are not liable to pay back. \"Christian families, who have an annual income of less than Rs 1.5 lakh,can avail the benefits under the scheme. A total of Rs 1.23 crore has been earmarked to help 164 beneficiaries in Dakshina Kannada district, who have borrowed a minimum of Rs 1 lakh and a maximum of Rs 5 lakh to build houses,\" he added.KMDC has a target of distributing benefits to the tune of Rs 10.71 crore under various schemes to 5,771 minority community members in the district. Scheme benefits worth Rs 3.68 crore will be distributed to 1,799 Christian community members under the Christian Development Scheme of the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13074561", "title": "Chidambaram questions NDA record on mercy petitions", "text": "NEW DELHI: Home minister P Chidambaram on Wednesday hit out at the opposition on the issue of mercy petitions, saying the President had decided 16 cases during his tenure while not even a single plea was cleared during NDA rule.\"This government and the current President have disposed of more mercy petitions in three-and-a-half years than any period before,\" he said during question hour in Rajya Sabha.Noting that 16 mercy petitions, out of those submitted to the President, were disposed of, he said, \"I cannot comment on the decisions of the President.\"Later, outside Parliament House, Chidambaram said, \"L K Advani (who was home minister in the NDA government) referred 14 cases of mercy petitions to the President in his six years as home minister. Not one was decided. It was zero out of 14 in six years.\" He added that Advani's successor Shivraj Patil (who was home minister during 2004-08) referred back those 14 cases and another 14 mercy petitions during his tenure.\"Out of these 28 mercy petitions sent by Shivraj Patil, then President A P J Abdul Kalam decided on two cases,\" a news agency quoted Chidambaram as saying.Referring to his own record, the home minister said he sent the remaining 26 mercy petitions and another five to the President. \"Of these 31 cases, President Pratibha Patil has taken decisions on 16 mercy petitions in just three-and-a-half years,\" Chidambaram said.A couple of opposition members raised the issue during question hour. They also questioned the practice of death sentence, asking whether the government was thinking of abolishing it. Chidambaram, in his reply, said there were two views on death sentence with a large number of countries abolishing capital punishment and an equally large number continuing to have death sentence for specified crimes.The law in India provides for death sentence in 'rarest of rare' cases and Law Commissions have not favoured abolition of capital punishment, he said, adding the government has not taken any view on capital punishment that is different from what the law states.\"At the moment, we are not engaged in review (of capital punishment). But time will come when we will have to take a review,\" he said, pointing out that death sentence could be commuted by constitutional authorities.To another question whether 'parole' was being abused in many cases, Chidambaram admitted that the provisions were abused by the rich and the influential and in one case, the court had pulled up the state administration concerned. He, however, did not name the state or the accused in the case.\"I agree that parole provisions are indeed abused and the rich and the influential are able to abuse parole provisions,\" he said, adding an advisory could be issued to states to scrupulously follow the provisions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13074484", "title": "Staff crunch, temporary campuses mar new IITs", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government's attempt to bolster professional education institutes has turned a cropper, with the new Indian Institutes of Technology (IITs) and Indian Institute of Science Education and Research (IISERs) hit by an acute shortage of faculty and are still functioning from temporary campuses. A parliamentary panel report has asked the HRD ministry to ensure that these gaps are met so that the premium institutes can function more effectively.The standing committee on HRD has expressed concern over the shortage of faculty that is as high as 60% in some IITs. The sanctioned posts in the new IITs are about 90, but none of the new institutes have been able to fill up their posts. While IIT-Hyderabad had the support of 74 faculty members, institutes in Patna (55), Bhubaneswar (50), Indore (38) and Mandi (35) had below-par strength. IIT-Jodhpur was worst off, with only 32 members in its faculty.\"The committee is of the view that only qualified and experienced faculty can make the functioning of any institution, specially premier institutions like IIT meaningful and effective,\" the report said.It also expressed concern over the running of new IITs from temporary campuses despite being set up between 2008 and 2010. In the case of new IITs, either the location of the permanent campus was being finalized or land allotted or construction work was to start.In the case of IITs in Bhubaneswar and Mandi, for instance, the foundation stones were laid in February, 2009, but they continued to function from temporary campuses. The report said that it was clear that it would take some time before IITs begin to function from \"well-structured and well-equipped campuses.\"Five IISERs (in Pune, Kolkata, Mohali, Bhopal and Thiruvanthapuram) also continue to function from temporary campuses. Pulling up the ministry, the parliamentary panel said that \"These institutions were envisaged to carry out research in frontier areas of science and to provide quality science education at undergraduate and postgraduate level.\" IISERs are expected to have state-of-the-art buildings, fully equipped labs and rich library but these facilities are still not available for students.The report noted 10 new NITs also suffered similar fate, with four functioning out of their respective mentor NITs and six running from temporary campuses.The committee also observed that several legislations related to higher education continued to be delayed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13075026", "title": "ISI trying to revive Babbar Khalsa: Govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: Government on Wednesday informed Rajya Sabha that Pakistani intelligence agency ISI was trying to revive Babbar Khalsa (a banned terror outfit) in order to resurrect terrorism in Punjab.Minister of state for home Jitendra Singh gave this information in his written reply to a Parliament question.\"Government is committed to combat terrorism, extremism and separatism in all its forms and manifestations as no cause, genuine or imaginary can justify terrorism or violence,\" Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "13073657", "title": "Family made crores in fake job racket in Punjab", "text": "PATIALA: A family from Urban Estate area had allegedly been issuing fake appointment letters of Punjabi University here to hundreds and collected crores of rupees but as happens in majority of cases, all escaped before the police could arrest them.The list of unemployed youngsters duped by the family, which charged Rs 3-5 lakh for fake appointment letters, has been growing. Within the first 24 hours of a complaint, 140 victims from various parts of the state have approached Patiala police with written complaints for action against the family. The gang members, including Amarjit Singh, his wife Narinder Kaur, son Gifty and two daughters and their husbands, had got printed fake letter pads of the vice-chancellor, registrar and controller of examination. The member used to call all candidates to the university on Sundays and conduct their interviews for various posts like clerks and driver for various departments. But after the interview they used to seek Rs 3-5 lakh from candidates.Only those who gave the above amount were allegedly given fake appointment letters using forged signatures of the VC, registrar and the controller of examination. But as the letters were fake the gang members wanted to keep candidates away from the university authorities so that they could not verify the same. To keep all selected candidates away from the university, they even opened a training academy in the city and directed the candidates to first complete a one-year training before joining.\"I was given a training of one year in Urban Estate. They gave me salary also during my training and therefore had no reason to doubt them,\" said another victim Kartar Singh. But when even after completing their training, Punjabi University did not allow the 'selected candidates' to join there, some of them approached the university authorities on Tuesday evening and got to know that they were given fake appointment letters. \"Like me almost all have given Rs 3-5 lakh. They charged various amounts depending on the post,\" said Karmjit Singh, a localite.When contacted, SP (city) Daljit Rana said, \"About 140 victims had approached the police so far. \"We have registered a case under sections 420, 467, 468, 120-B of IPC against the accused. No arrest has been made till the filing of this report as all the accused managed to flee from their houses three days ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13074570", "title": "South-West Nagpur gives most revenue per unit", "text": "NAGPUR: Power consumers of South-West Nagpur can take pride from the fact that MSEDCL gets highest revenue per unit from Nagpur Urban Circle (NUC) that includes Congress Nagar and MIDC Hingna divisions.MSEDCL has thanked consumers of Congress Nagar division for their honesty and expressed hope that the trend would continue.The company has released circle-wise figures of rate of realization (RoR), which basically means revenue per unit. NUC has RoR of Rs 6.30 per unit which is highest in state.Vashi gives a return of Rs 6.24 per unit followed by Ganeshkhind (Pune) - Rs 5.85, Rastapeth (Pune) - Rs 5.82, Pen - Rs 5.62. MSEDCL incurs a cost of Rs 5.19 per unit. MSEDCL earns profit in only those divisions whose RoR is more than this.The RoR of Nagpur city as a whole would be significantly lower as it would include the franchisee area where losses are above 30% and arrears high. MSEDCL has not calculated the entire city's RoR. MSEDCL officials said NUC had maximum RoR due to low losses in Congress Nagar division.\"Hingna MIDC is an industrial area. The collection efficiency is 100% and losses are very low. Besides, the industrial tariff is also high. So MSEDCL gets very high revenue per unit there. The same holds true for MIDCs of Vashi and Pune. However, as losses and arrears of other divisions of the circle are higher than Congress Nagar, the circle's RoR is lower,\" an official said.Congress Nagar's distribution losses are 11% and arrears are also equal to just half a day's average revenue of the division which is very low. In Vidarbha, Chandrapur circle also has a high RoR at Rs 5.09 per unit. This is due to large number of industrial consumers and low losses in residential and commercial areas.MSEDCL is in the red because profitable circles are very few. The RoR in some circles is shockingly low. The lowest is Hingoli at just 86 paise per unit followed by Parbhani at 99 paise per unit. The other low RoR circles are Ahmednagar - Rs 1.52, Solapur - Rs 1.53, Washim - Rs 1.64 and Nanded - Rs 1.74.No clarity on lossesIt is not clear as to what is the distribution loss figure for franchisee area. The nodal office has calculated the energy supplied to franchisee on the basis of 5 pm reading while head office has done it on the basis of midnight reading. According to nodal office' calculations, the losses are 34% while as per head office they are 36%. The head office has asked the city office to calculate the losses again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13073155", "title": "20-30 million gallons water going waste daily", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The city has been suffering from shortage of potable water and out of total 87 million gallons litre per day available water, 20 to 30 million gallons litre water is going waste on daily basis. The said wastage of water, which is considered as 'Non Revenue Water (NRW)', is quite high and residents of southern parts of city are suffering with the problem of shortage of water and low pressure.Sources of engineering wing of the civic body revealed that most of the NRW goes waste through leakages in water pipelines, water thefts. In some places, people even make big holes in the main water pipelines and take water from there illegally. Such cases have also reported in the past.The development has confirmed that wastage of drinking water is also one of the crucial reasons, which has widened the gap between demand and availability of water in city. Otherwise, city has more water than the demand.Municipal chief engineer S S Bida said, \"Chandigarh is better compared to other the prominent cities of the country. Chandigarh is planned city therefore we don't have much problem. Here, we have minimum cases of water wastage and NRW is basically due to improper metering and we also give free water at some places.\" Municipal commissioner Vivek Partap Singh said, \"The percentage of NRW and wastage is quite low, but we are making efforts by replacing pipes in most parts of the city.\"As it is getting hotter day by day, the residents of some parts of the city have started to get problem of scarcity of water and low pressure. Housing societies and residents of southern parts of the city are most affected with the problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13077089", "title": "The Beat by Panjabi MC", "text": "During the years of touring with Panjabi MC,a new track was inspired about his success in the music business and how his struggle became his motivation.Harj D and The Wizard worked closely with Panjabi MC while touring India in 2007 where the story of the MOBO Award winner was told. Then inspired by XS-BASS, the track featured on the 100 BPM Album 'The Beat' was produced.The Beat, is a story of how a single track (beat) can become the seed of success and grow to become the Multi Award Winning Anthem of all times. 'Mundian to Bach Ke','Beware Of The Boys' is one of those beats", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "kodaikanal", "code": "13073792", "title": "Kodai festival from May 20", "text": "KODAIKANAL: The much-awaited summer festival at the scenic hill retreat of Kodaikanal is set to commence on May 19. The two day flower show - the icing on the cake - would begin a day later on May 20.This year, daffodils from Delhi and hybrid dahlia from Kolkata are set to feature among the 100 varieties of flowers at the two-day flower show in Bryant's Park in the hill station.Dindigul collector Venkatachalam said that already tourists from across the country are making a beeline to Kodaikanal, about 119-km from Madurai. \"The number of tourists are expected to increase manifold once the summer festival, the highlight of the season begins. The festival would be in place till May 31,\" he said.Almost all the hotels are packed and vehicular movement into the hill town has increased manifold over the last few days. The state tourism department as well as the Kodaikanal municipality is geared up for further increase in tourists in May.The summer festival, tagged \"Kodai vizha\" would have a flower exhibition and a slew of cultural activities to attract the tourists. The district administration has planned to enforce certain measures to streamline the crowds. At a meeting with officials from the tourism department, Kodaikanal municipality, police and transport departments, Venkatachalam instructed that a better traffic management plan be worked out and more parking lots be earmarked. In a bid to help the tourists, identity cards could be issued to guides, besides streamlining photographers and horse owners who offer rides for the tourists in the hill town, he said.Meanwhile, the department of horticulture is also gearing up for the flower show. Plants are being pruned for the big event. The department has planted about three lakh new saplings in Bryant's Park. The Kurinji park near Coaker's Walk, which has been spruced up at the cost of Rs 15.02 lakh through funds from the tourism department will be another major attraction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13074620", "title": "Philately earns this man a Guinness book record", "text": "MANGALORE: A hobby of collecting stamps nurtured for more than four-decades of his life has brought Daniel Monteiro,50, an office assistant at St Mary's Syrian College in Brahmavar in Udupi, laurels in the form of Guinness World Record.Daniel broke the record of Paul-Erwin Oswald of Germany, who has a collection 2,166 stamps, to enter the Guinness World Record with his priceless collection of 4,911 stamps of 263 countries.Daniel had begun the hobby of collecting stamps at the age of 11 in 1973. \"It was my teacher Sumitra Putran in Mandya who encouraged me to inculcate the habit of collecting stamps when I was studying in 5th standard. The teacher asked students in our class to make a presentation on anything we collected as a hobby. I decided to make a presentation on stamp collection and I won the first place in the class. Inspired by this, I continued the hobby. Now my hard work has brought me the biggest honour in my life,\" Daniel told TOI.Daniel had made an attempt for Guinness record by organising Birdpex-2011, a major philatelic exhibition, at SMS Community Hall in Brahmavar on December 7 and 8. He said more than 6000 people, including juries and stamp collectors, witnessed the event.He had entered the Limca Book of Records for his rare collection of stamps on ducks and for securing 10 international awards for the same. He also has about 1000 stamps on waterfowls, which he claims to be the highest collection of such stamps in Asia.He is actively involved in creating an awareness on wildlife and the need to protect the environment.He has presented papers on birds and stamps at various seminars. It is N Madhyasta, a retired principal of Poorna Prajna College, Udupi, who has been his guide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "tirunelveli", "code": "13073878", "title": "Summer dengue outbreak in Nellai confounds experts", "text": "TIRUNELVELI: With the outbreak of dengue reported widely from the district, an expert team from Vector Control Research Centre, Pondicherry, has landed in Tirunelveli to study the situation, which is not usual in intense summer days. According to the experts, dengue is a vector-borne disease caused by mosquitoes like aedes aegypti and aedes albopictus. These mosquitoes breed only in uncontaminated water sources. They need good water in abundance for breeding and monsoons are ideal time for these vectors. However, the outbreak in the district which apparently started from Kadayanallur and spread to other areas is a different scenario as the outbreak has happened in the summer.Deputy director of health Meeran Mohaideen said the situation should be studied very carefully to plan control measures. The team would go around the district wherever the outbreak was reported and collect details and samples for testing, he said.According to official figures with health officials, eight dengue-related deaths were reported from the district. Kadayanallur, Kadayam, Tenkasi, Sundarapandiapuram, Kalloothu VK Pudur, Surandai, Pavoorchathiram and Vadakarai reported one death each till date. However, the number of those infected is increasing day by day. According to sources, after intense measures were taken up in Kadayanallur from where the outbreak was first reported, the situation was under control. But the infection was spreading to adjacent areas like Kadayam where sporadic cases had been reported.The administration has intensified its measures with anti-mosquito measures. Dengue special wards were started in Tenkasi and Kadayanallur government hospitals and a team of medical officers have been deployed in these hospitals. Besides, a deputy director of health from Tiruvallur district has been deployed in the district to carry out measures.Tirunelveli Medical College Hospital has also started a special ward to treat dengue cases and two paediatric experts from Institute of Child Health, Chennai, have come down to treat children infected with dengue.Local bodies were also instructed to carry out intense mosquito-control measures. On Wednesday, joint director of municipal administration S Sebastine visited Kadayanallur municipality. Addressing the media, Sebastine said fogging operations in local bodies were intensified and they have planned to bring bigger machineries for the purpose. \"We are planning to deploy special teams to fight the mosquito menace in the region and will send a proposal in this regard to the government,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13074004", "title": "Divisional Commissioner takes over as Chandra Shekhar Azad University vice-chancellor", "text": "KANPUR: Divisional Commissioner, Kanpur division, Mukul Singhal, took over additional charge of vice-chancellor of Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology on Wednesday. He has replaced Prof G C Tewari, who was in the chair of vice-chancellor of the agri varsity so far. Mukul Singhal has been acting vice-chancellor of the university and would perform the duties of vice-chancellor till a regular vice-chancellor is not appointed.After assuming charge, the new vice-chancellor reached CSA and inspected the varsity campus.He mainly inspected the student hostels and asked the hostellers to list their problems.The new vice-chancellor also visited the mess and checked the quality of the food. He stressed upon hygiene in toilets in the hostels.The CSA staff remained on its toes while the new vice-chancellor took round of the agri university.Its important to state that Prof G C Tewari, former vice-chancellor, CSA University, had tendered his resignation to governor B L Joshi on March 21. It was accepted by Raj Bawan.The divisional commissioner was then given the additional charge of vice-chancellor, CSA who would serving on the new post for next six months or till the appointment of a regular vice-chancellor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13073669", "title": "Vague terror alerts of little help, say harassed city cops", "text": "MUMBAI: Central intelligence agencies recently warned police about the presence of five Lashkar-e-Taiba operatives in the city, however such alerts are not new for Mumbai. Several alerts have been issued in the past but none of them were found to be actionable.Around the time of the Ganeshotsav in 2010, the crime branch issued sketches of three terror suspects and said three more had sneaked in, but police are clueless if the six suspected terrorists are still in Mumbai or have left the city. The search to locate the six hasn't yielded any result so far. Police had said the terrorists belonged to the banned Bangladesh-based outfit, Harkat-ul-Jihad-al-Islami (Hu-JI) and Pakistan's outlawed LeT. The crime branch on September 11, 2010, issued sketches of two terror suspects-Kalimuddin Khan alias Rameshwar Pandit and Hafeez Sharif-both allegedly bomb makers. On December 23, 2010, the crime branch released another four names, allegedly of LeT operatives who had sneaked into the city, and released the picture of one of them, Waleed Jinnah. \"There is specific information that LeT members, identified as Abdul Karim Moosa, Noor Elahi, Jinnah and Mahfooz Alam, have entered the city to cause major destruction and violence,\" police had then said. Photos of these terrorists were displayed at shopping malls, cinema halls, railway stations, bus stations and even near the airport.An intelligence official said they had been trying to trace the terrorists, but failed. \"We think the terrorists fled soon after their sketches or photos were released,\" a senior policeman said. Asked why the photos were released in the first place, he said, \"It's our duty to create awareness among the public.\" The officer added that whenever they receive any information, they issue an alert so that \"the media can't say it an intelligence failure if something goes wrong.\"Most city cops however say they do not take these alerts seriously. A policeman said, \"Most terror alerts issued by the intelligence agencies were non-actionable.\" But the trend of vague intelligence alerts is not altogether new. \"In 2009, around 350 terror alerts were issued, and in 2010, 447 were sent. In 2011, the number of such alerts was more than a hundred,\" said an officer.In the past too, scarcely any alerts gave specifics like the suspected date or place of attack, or any information about the attackers. Significantly, no terror alert was issued before the 2011 bomb blasts in Mumbai in July that killed 27 people. Policemen complain that general alerts do not help them in any way. In a crowded city like Mumbai, numberless spots are always congested. \"How can we keep tabs everywhere? We try our level best to beef up security (when we get an alert) and put up nakabandis, besides checking with our informers,\" said an officer.A senior police official said, \"We are working on some intelligence alerts and trying to locate the terrorists. We are working closely with other agencies and coordinating with them.\" In fact in September 2010, a senior Mumbai crime branch officer had even sent letters to his officers, stating that the terrorists were last seen in Lalbaug, home to one of the city's most celebrated Ganpati pandals. However, the intelligence agencies lost track of them after trailing their movements for close to a week.BoxThe sensitive but 'non actionable' terror alerts:January 2011: Intelligence agencies issued a terror alert, warning the city police against 'trained swimmers' who could plant bombs under the hull of ships and boats anchored near the shore. Police indicated the attack could be carried out by members of, Indian Mujahideen (IM).January 2011: Intelligence agencies said, \"The Pakistani terrorists were procuring fake continuous discharge certificates (CDCs that have to be carried by sailors) from the Republic of Liberia . The militants may try to sneak in through sea routes using such CDCs. The intelligence agencies sent the alert to the city police after which all officials of the special branch were directed to personally check the ports and gather information on seamen who enter the city with CDCs.March, 2011: Before the 2011 cricket World cup , the intelligence agencies warned the Maharashtra police about 17 tickets being bought by possible terror suspects for the World Cup final. Police said the plot was a joint operation between the Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) and the Jamaat-e-Ahle-Sunnat.September 2011: An alert said that a private plane taking off from Hubli airport in Karnataka could be used to carry out a terror strike at Mumbai airport.March 2011: The city police asked residents of highrises in Tardeo to lock their terraces till April 2, 2011 when the World Cup final will be played in Wankhede Stadium. The advisory followed an intelligence input warning of terrorists' plans to target the venue. Resident said police told them to shut their terrace since IM could used their terraces to use paragliders to attack the stadium.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "mumbai has seen batsmen of all kinds. some set the crease on fire, while some set the mood by cracking jokes. but there was one player who just never said die. whatever the situation, this man knew and did only one thing", "code": "13074789", "title": "Mumbai cricket's all-time khadoos", "text": "MUMBAI has seen batsmen of all kinds. Some set the crease on fire, while some set the mood by cracking jokes. But there was one player who just never said die. Whatever the situation, this man knew and did only one thing: play khadoos cricket. He just stayed put on the crease. The impact he caused by such an approach was phenomenal.Teammates affectionately called him Manya Hardikar. For the rest, he was Manohar Hardikar. The 1967 Ranji final between Bombay and Madras at the Barbourne stadium is an incredible example of Hardikar's technique. After gaining a first innings lead of 54 runs, Madras put up a fight, leaving 248 for Bombay to get in the second innings.Batting on the last day, Bombay lost 5 wickets for 109 at lunch with the two spinners , Venkat and VV Kumar, bowling so beautifully that there was no room for respite. Kumar turned one from outside the leg to knock Madhav Apte's off stump. Bombay were in a fix. Facing the spin seemed impossible.As the last recognized batting pair, Hardikar and 18-year-old Eknath Solkar headed out to the field after lunch. Hardikar, a man of few words, told Solkar: \"Remember, we are not getting out.\" The ball was turning viciously, but the batsmen stayed firm. They had to play out two sessions. One mistake and Madras would have won.Hardikar guided Solkar to play till the end and Bombay won on the basis of first innings lead. The pad play and soft hand technique of Hardikar frustrated the high quality spinners of Madras. That day, he handsomely displayed how to tackle top-class spinners on a turning track.It wasn't only the lion crest of Mumbai that Hardikar worked meticulously for. His Bombay teammate Madhav Apte remembers the time when Hardikar's Ruia College used to play against his Elphinstone College. \"He would frustrate Subhash Gupte, playing his characteristic khadoos cricket. Gupte would get exasperated,\" Apte recalls.As an 18-year-old bowler in his first Ranji season of 1955-56 , he took 8 wickets for 39 against Bengal in the Ranji final. He had cricketing intelligence and that helped his captaincy. Some days back I bumped into an old timer. Without giving him a chance to think, I asked him who the best captain of Bombay was. \"Manya Hardikar,\" came the prompt answer.Hardikar was described as a captain \"who knew his players much better than the players themselves knew of their ability\" . He had a wry sense of humour that would convey the message, and he would always say it with a straight face.Possessing an uncanny knack of reading situations, he has had some terrific performances to his credit considering his limited ability. Wearing the whites gave him a new nature and brought tenacity in him.Seeing him so with his crewcut hairstyle, Polly Umrigar used to call him 'German' . His behaviour was indeed like Germans. He would take pride in his performance.In an era when playing Test cricket was a like a lottery , Hardikar's fortunes succumbed right after winning that 'lottery' . In his second Test at Kanpur against the West Indies in 1958, he was hit behind the left ear by a beamer from Taylor.He never played for India again, even though he continued to perform. It is ironical that Hardikar, who just didn't leave the crease, finally had to part from it in this way. But maybe, only an injury of that order could have kept a player like him away from the crease. Nothing else could.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "13075438", "title": "Chargesheet against ex-Pipili IIC soon", "text": "CUTTACK: The crime branch will file chargesheet against Amulya Champatiray, former IIC of Pipili police station, for neglecting the case of Pipili gang rape victim. The crime branch informed Orissa high court about this on Wednesday through an affidavit.The crime branch stated that during investigation it was found that Champatiray was present at Pipili police station on November 29, 2011 when the victim's father had informed him about the incident, but he did not register the case. The affidavit mentions, \"During investigation it was found that Champatiray was negligent in attending to the matter in proper perspective to secure justice for the victim girl. Instead of inquiring into the matter, Champatiray acted in a callous manner,\" the report stated.The crime branch will file chargesheet against him in the next few days. The affidavit came in response to the high court direction to file a detailed report on action taken in connection with the criminal liability of doctors and police in the alleged Pipili gangrape case.However, the crime branch has sought three weeks time from the high court to submit report on the criminal liability of the doctors. The crime branch has mentioned in the affidavit that different committees inquiring into the alleged negligence by doctors in connection with the Pipili case have given different reports to the state government.There are some differences between the conclusions of the nine-member experts'committee constituted by the Directorate of Medical Education and Training (DMET) and the findings of the health department. So crime branch has made some queries to the DMET to ascertain the specific criminal liability of the individual doctors of Pipili hospital, Capital Hospital and SCB Medical College and Hospital, Cuttack. After getting the reply, the crime branch will file its affidavit in court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "13072906", "title": "Save University Forum takes out march for VC", "text": "KOTTAYAM: Save University Forum took out a march inside the Mahatma Gandhi University campus on Wednesday in support of vice-chancellor Rajan Gurukkal. Over 1,000 demonstrators from various private and government colleges in Ernakulam, Pathanamthitta, Kottayam and Idukki districts took part in the demonstration.CPM district secretary K J Thomas inaugurated the march.Forum convener K Sharaffudin said that university syndicate should stop its attempt to sabotage the academic changes carried out in the university under Gurukkal.\"One of them is the centralized allotment process by which a student can apply for a degree programme online. Through one application, he can opt for over 100 colleges. Now a section of the syndicate wants to put an end to this system,\" said Sharaffudin.He also said that the same section wanted to do away with the choice-based credit semester system for degree courses which the university had implemented successfully.\"Six Nobel Prize winners were brought to the campus as part of 'scholar-in-residence programme' which is going to be shelved now. Foreign education initiatives with other universities were also dropped by the new syndicate,\" he said.Meanwhile, pro-CPI organizations kept away from the march on Wednesday.\"We are not cooperating with the CPM-led forum as it has only troubled us in certain situations,\" said a CPI leader. \"Being part of the LDF, it was the duty of CPM to keep us in the Front. Instead of that, CPM was acting against us in many issues related to the university,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13075008", "title": "Man held for cheating people on holding H1N1 vaccination camp", "text": "PUNE: A 26-year-old man was held in Hadapsar on Wednesday for cheating people on the pretext of holding an H1N1 influenza vaccination camp.Kisan Magan Dongre of Mulshi taluka, originally from Osmanabad, allegedly collected money from residents in several housing societies in Hadapsar, saying that the institution he worked for would hold a swine flu vaccination camp on May 13. The police said that Dongre posed as a representative of an Osmanabad-based social organisation. He told residents that the organization would provide the vaccine at a cheaper rate. \"He also told them that registration was necessary and collected between Rs 300 and Rs 500 from them,\" assistant police inspector Satish Chavan of the Hadapsar police station said. However, he did not give receipts for the money taken, and getting suspicious, one Pravin Sheokar (43) of Hadapsar lodged a complaint with the police.Dongre was detained for questioning. \"Investigations revealed that Patil has passed his HSC examination but does not represent any organisation in Osmanabad,\" Chavan said. He said the police have still to ascertain the exact amount of money that Patil had collected in this way. \"So far, five people have complained of being cheated by Dongre. There are likely to be others,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "the skin show in the ads have not gone down well with the moral guardians who believe in the message", "code": "13075493", "title": "Kat\u2019s ads face the brunt in Pakistan", "text": "The skin show in the ads have not gone down well with the moral guardians who believe in the message: 'Sell clothes, not your honour'Katrina Kaif's Veet ad is reportedly facing the brunt of a mysterious right-wing group in Pakistan that's covering up her so-called 'immoral' billboards with messages such as \"sell clothes, not your honour\". Not only Katrina's ad, even Meera's Lux ad has also supposedly met with a similar fate. The \"blackening\" campaign is supposed to be launched by a little-heard organization called Women Education Society and the Women Professional Forum though no one has taken the onus for it as yet.However, this act of trying to be a moral guardian has not gone down well across the border. Not many are convinced with this manner of protest against the supposed acts that tries to commodify women. Says Meera's Indian publicist Dale Bhagwagar, \"Recently a US study is said to have rated Pakistan's youth leading in watching porn on the Net. Now there's nothing wrong in watching porn. Even I watch it. But why have double standards and blacken posters and hoardings when the country's youth is itching to grow up? Moral policing the roads in the age of the internet is like asking your toddler not to speak to the neighboring toddler because she has a doll resembling a sex toy. It just doesn't work. In any case, showing off a little skin with a sleeveless blouse or a backless dress, couldn't be reason enough to black out posters and hoardings,\" he added.While morality has not really been an issue with billboards in India, movie posters in India have often been blackened out. In fact, Amitabh Bachchan's face was blackened by fans who didn't like him playing the ruthless don in \"Boom\". Said Bhagwagar, who had handled the publicity for Boom that coincidently was also Katrina Kaif's debut movie, \"In case of the \"Boom\" billboards, the fans blackened out his face since they had hero-worshipped him for years. As a result, \"Boom\" had to face the brunt of blackened posters for the black humour in the film.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13075112", "title": "United States senator, India\u2019s friend, loses poll", "text": "WASHINGTON: Indiana senator Richard Lugar, a known friend of India in the congress who played a key role in passage of the civil nuclear deal during Bush administration, has lost the primary senate elections in his state.Lugar's loss to Indiana state treasurer Richard Mourdock ended a career spanning more than three and half decades.US President Barack Obama said his administration's efforts to secure the world's most dangerous weapons has been based on the work that Lugar began, as well as the bipartisan cooperation we forged during his first overseas trip as senator to Russia, Ukraine and Azerbaijan.He was also the architect of Kerry-Lugar-Berman bill that assured Pakistan more than $7.5 billion in aid in 5 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13073442", "title": "State to develop highway through Jangalmahal", "text": "KOLKATA: The newly formed State Highway Development Corporation Limited (SHDCL) held its first board meeting at Writers' Buildings on Wednesday to chalk out its immediate course of action. The corporation has made development of a 323 kilometer State Highway-2 through Jangalmahal its first priority.SHDCL chairman Subrata Bakshi said that it mainly discussed the corporation's structure and how it can start work on maintaining and further developing state highways. The corporation has principal secretaries from departments like finance, power, PWD, commerce and industries, forest and others as its directors. PWD and environment minister Sudarshan Ghosh Dastidar is the body's vice chairman. The chief secretary is a permanent invitee. \"Our job will be to maintain state highways properly. We will be working to widen and strengthen state highways. It will take some time. Detailed project reports will be prepared to execute work on the public private partnership (PPP) model,\" Bakshi said. The idea is to earn revenue as far as possible to maintain state highways properly. For now, the corporation's office will be at Council House Street.Bakshi said that they will focusing on highways passing through Jangalmahal and a few in North Bengal as priorities. The state highway-2 is one such important highway that starts from Bankura and passes through Khatra, Taldanga, Bishnupur, Arambag, Tarakeswar, Baidyabati, Uttarpara, Dakshineswar, Basirhat and Hasnabad before ending at Malancha.Bakshi said that the PWD has received Rs 1,400 crore from the centre's backward region grants fund (BRGF) which could be divided among the 11 backward districts of the state with each being allocated between Rs 100 crore and Rs 110 crore.A notification issued in June 2006 identified 19 state highways in West Bengal that together stretch across nearly 4,505 kilometers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13074595", "title": "6 booked for trespassing in Kharangla forest", "text": "NAGPUR: It is apparent that the forest department has not learnt any lessons from the Palasgaon tiger poaching incident. There's a literal free for all in the sensitive Bhiwapur forest range, despite the proven presence of many tigers.On the night of May 5, on the eve of the machan census, Umred police booked six persons under Section 26 of the Indian Forest Act (IFA) 1927 for trespassing in the reserve forest of Ranbodi in Kharangla beat.The cops are also probing the role of wildlife enthusiast Sanjay Soni from Nagpur, who too was roaming in the forest in his vehicle, and described himself as a forest officer. Soni has flatly denied all charges.Those who have been booked are Kedarnath Pathak, Jaggu Sahu, Raju Anru, Mukesh Raut, Ravindra Raut, and Digamber Sontakke, all from Umred. Sources said that actually the offences should have been registered by forest officials.\"Since no objectionable material was found on the accused, an offence of trespassing was registered. Without prior permission you cannot move in the reserve forest. All have been released on bail,\" PSI AK Mankar told TOI.The Ranbodi area has been declared sensitive and the free movement of vehicles here raises question mark over safety of tigers in the area, especially in the backdrop of Palasgaon poaching incident.Meanwhile, Nagpur division officials are puzzled what Soni was doing in Ranbodi?Soni says he went to the forest for patrolling with prior permission of RFO Londhe. \"While Londhe was resting in Navegaon (Deshmukh) guesthouse, he had asked me to check water holes in the forest area. Those booked were sarpamitras from Umred,\" he said.Londhe is RFO of Kuhi range while Dipali Vankar is in charge of Bhiwapur range. So, Londhe had no reason to entertain Soni in another officer's range. Sources said the Nagpur forest division is not taking action against Soni since their own officer has been caught on the wrong foot.Chief conservator of forests (CCF) for Nagpur Circle CR Gajbhiye said he has taken note of the Soni episode. \"I've asked deputy conservator PK Mahajan to take action against Soni, who, I was told, posed as a forest officer.\" However, Gajbhiye's orders have not been acted upon yet.Forest department sources said that Soni and his two friends had volunteered to be part of the machan census exercise on May 6 in Bor wildlife sanctuary. Their I-cards were also prepared, but Soni chose to visit Ranbodi and Kharangla at the instance of Londhe.When asked about this, Soni said, \"I was asked to volunteer in New Bor Sanctuary, where I was not interested. Hence, I preferred to go to Bhiwapur.\"Honorary district wildlife warden for Nagpur Kundan Hate has decided to register a formal complaint with PCCF (wildlife) SWH Naqvi in the matter. \"Even persons with wildlife conservation credentials are not allowed in Bhiwapur range while others have a free run. The incident puts a question mark on protection in the area,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13072886", "title": "No arrests yet in BMW case, cops identify driver", "text": "GURGAON: Four days after a speeding BMW rammed into an Indigo, killing two of its occupants, including a pregnant woman, the errant driver has been identified. The driver, Rajesh, however, is yet to be arrested. Police want to record statements of two other occupants of the car to build a watertight case. The accident took place on Saturday near IFFCO Chowk, Gurgaon, and the impact of the collision was such that the Indigo flipped in the air and overturned.The car owner, Devender Sehrawat, is a resident of Sector 14, Gurgaon. Besides the driver, Sehrawat's son, Suraj, and his friend Daksh were in the car. While the air balloon saved Rajesh and Suraj who were on the front seat, Daksh was critically injured. He is not fit to give his statement, police said.Replying to the police notice, Sehrawat said it was his driver, Rajesh, a Hisar resident, who was behind the wheel. He said Suraj and his friend Daksh were returning home after collecting their roll numbers from Delhi University. While trying to overtake a bus, the BMW collided with the Indigo, Sehrawat told cops.Though Sehrawat has blamed the driver, police do not rule out the possibility of the car owner trying to shield his son, Suraj. They said Suraj may have been taking a test drive on the not-so-busy stretch. Police are waiting for Daksh to clear the air. He is recovering at Max Hospital, Gurgaon. \"We are waiting for Daksh to give a statement. We will arrest the accused driver after that,\" said Maheshwar Dyal, DCP (East). TOI tried to talk to the car owner, but he did not pick his phone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13078657", "title": "HC summons DGP over missing persons' cases", "text": "JAIPUR: A division bench of Rajasthan high court on Thursday summoned director general of Police (DGP), and additional DGP (crimes) to explain the unguided approach of investigation in case of missing persons. The court was peeved with the fact that the investigating officers are not provided with any assistance and by the time a missing person is found they are either dead or have suffered badly.As per official records, there are 6000 persons missing in the last 8 years in the state of Rajasthan.The order came on a habeas corpus petition filed by Teeja Devi. According to the petition a girl has been missing for the last 6 months from Sikar district.The Bench comprising of Justice Dalip Singh and Justice Meena V. Gomber took a serious note of the fact that there was no special investigation unit or team to look into such cases. \"We are surprised that we have time and again cautioned the public prosecutors to ask the police authorities to see that if a special cell can be created to investigate with efficiency and promptness cases of missing persons and there are uncountable number of habeas corpus petitions coming day in and day out seeking search and production of such missing persons,\" observed Justice Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "13072884", "title": "Panel to submit report on quarries near Meenachil", "text": "KOTTAYAM: A monitoring and vigilance committee will conduct an inquiry and file a report on the quarries in Meenachil taluk in the wake of the death of three workers in a quarry at Kadaplamattom near Pala last week.Joy Varghese, RDO, Pala, who is the chairman of the committee, said on Wednesday that the inquiry would begin on Monday and the report would be submitted in a few days.The committee has representatives from the Pollution Control Board, departments of mining and geology, panchayat, revenue and police. Apart from them there will be panchayat members, quarry association members and representatives of workers.At a meeting held at the district collectorate a few days ago, the representatives of Kadaplamattom panchayat had submitted a memorandum to the collector regarding the functioning, safety and ecological issues of rock quarries.\"We are happy that our issues have been addressed and included in the inquiry committee,\" said Thomas T Keeppuram, developmental committee chairman, Kadaplamattom panchayat.Meanwhile, environmental activists said that rock quarries were posing threat to the Meenachil river. The river is the main source of drinking water for over 10 lakh people in Kottayam district.The quarries would eliminate the origin of tributaries and streams which form the river, said John Peruvanthanam, an activist. He also said that the mining was affecting the mountains in the Western Ghats.The activists said that places like Illikkal Kallu, Vellara, Nellappara, Irumapra and Ellupuram, where mining was taking place, was close to Uluppoony, the epicentre of the recent tremors felt in the area where Mullaperiyar dam is situated. Fr Mamachan Isaac, also an activist, said that many of the quarries had been given permit without studying the land.The activists also said that the MMR Act (which lays down rules regarding rock mining) was formulated decades ago and needed amendment.They also said that the regions inhabited by tribesmen should be declared quarry-free zones. Quarry owners had taken the lands owned by tribesmen in Moonnilavu panchayat in Idukki district.The owners included high officials and powerful people, they said.Peruvanthanam said that out of the over 10,000 quarries functioning in the state only around 7,500 had the permit of the mining and geology department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13073882", "title": "Looter nabbed, gold chains worth Rs12L seized", "text": "BHOPAL: The Bhopal police on Wednesday succeeded in arresting a youth, who was allegedly involved in more than 45 incidents of gold chain-snatching in the past one-and-half years. The 24-year-old accused was able to dodge cops for long as he did not possess any motorbike or cell phone. He was arrested from the Katara Hills area.Around 45 gold chains, mangalsutra and pendants, valued at close to Rs 12 lakh, were also recovered from the accused, Faheem home in Aishbagh locality, IG Vijay Yadav told reporters in the city on Wednesday.The unemployed and uneducated youth stayed with his mother and sister. He was married a few years ago and has two kids. The wife of accused had left him to live with her parents and kids. Initially, Feheem committed thefts with Shakeel and Aquib. Later, he came in contact with Sameer and Feroz and began committing robberies and loot with them.Whenever he wanted to strike alone, Faheem would borrow bike from Sameer or Feroz to target women at deserted locations. The accused would also immediately return home after snatching the chain. Since he never used mobile phones or his own bike for the crime, it took a while for cops to nab the accused, the IG added. The accused would target women at MP Nagar, TT Nagar, Arera Colony and other places of Bhopal, and would avoid crowded areas of the old city.His identity was known for the first time a few days back when he tried to escape after looting a woman in Ashoka Garden locality. While Faheem was trying to escape on a scooter some people intercepted him. However, he left the scooter on the spot and ran away. Later the police seized scooter and managed to trace him.Police said of the two accomplices, Sameer is cooling his heels in jail and has more than 34 criminal cases against him. Another accomplice, Feroz, who is wanted in connection with around 21 crime cases, is still at large.The police are hopeful of cracking some more such incidents. Besides, the police are also interrogating about the places where sold looted chains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13072696", "title": "Jails turn tech savvy to keep eye on inmates", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The state prisons department is on a modernization mode. Jail officials have got green signal to get body scanners, 3G mobile phone jammers and trackers, along with CCTV network operated on IP network. The systems will be implemented first in the four central jails in the state and then will be taken to district jails in a phase-wise manner. A budget of Rs 28 crore has been earmarked for this.Talking about the initiative, PC Thakur, additional director general of police (prisons), told TOI that the technology was required to reduce reliance on manpower. \"Technology such as CCTV and mobile phone scanners will enable a handful of men keeping an eye over a vast area and getting precise results. While Lajpore jail near Surat is fully covered with CCTV network of 806 cameras, the next in line is Sabarmati Central Jail that will have its network at estimated cost of Rs 8 crore,\" he said.Officials said that full-body scanner has been recommended to prevent inmates to carry any goods hidden in their bodies. \"The system will be very much on lines of the scanners found at the airports. While metal detectors just scan the metals, they won't show any organic goods or drug substances. This scanner will have sensors that can see through a person's body and detect any package or parcels hidden inside. The pilot project will start from Sabarmati jail that houses a number of high-profile inmates,\" said a prison official.The officials admitted that time and again mobile phones crop up on the prison premises and the scanner might help reduce the menace.If a mobile gets inside even after the precautions, the officials have another instrument in their arsenal. They will have mobile tracer and locator system. This Israeli technology will work on bandwidth of 3G and can provide IMEI number, the phone number used and phone number dialed. The mobile phone can be put on observation or can be locked by the officials. The GPS system can track the mobile phone's physical location, said investigators.\"CCTV will become an integral part in the future of prison management and we have got sanction for establishing CCTV networks primarily at central prisons housing more inmates. High masts will be constructed in the prisons for installation of such cameras that can be controlled by computers in the control room,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13073178", "title": "National Human Rights Commission tells government to pay Rs 1 lakh to dead prisoner\u2019s kin", "text": "HYDERABAD: The National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) has reprimanded the state government over the suicide of a Cherlapalli Central Prison inmate, ordering payment of Rs 1 lakh towards relief for the next of kin of the deceased, Yaddu Harshavardhan.The undertrial, Harshavardhan, had jumped to his death from the second-floor terrace of the prison's Brahmaputra block on December 22, 2010. The 39-year-old, a resident of Hayathnagar in Ranga Reddy district, had been lodged in jail since November 2 as an accused in the murder of his mother.Following a show-cause notice issued by NHRC, the prisons department director general furnished a reply on the death of the prisoner which, however, was deemed by the commission to be unsatisfactory.\"The state government has failed to provide sufficient staff for the prisons department and such incidents take place due to lack of vigilance on the part of jail staff.\" \"The state cannot escape its liability to compensate the next of kin of the deceased prisoner,\" NHRC said in its directions issued to the state government.NHRC has recommended that Rs 1 lakh be paid as compensation to the legal heirs of the deceased and proof of payment submitted to the commission by May 15, 2012.It may be mentioned here that prisons in the state have been found suffering from a chronic lack of manpower even though nearly 700 warders were recently trained and posted at various jails. Quite a few of these warders were also sent to the Cherlapalli jail.Last year, there were several instances of the prisons department being pulled up by NHRC in cases for which it was asked to pay compensation to the families of prisoners who had either committed suicide in jail or were not extended prompt medical care leading to fatalities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13073318", "title": "Peripheral road will skirt Chennai, link Ennore, Mamallapuram", "text": "CHENNAI: The government will build a 1,420 crore peripheral road that will skirt the city and its heavy traffic to connect Mamallapuram in Kancheepuram district and Ennore Port in neighbouring Tiruvallur. The 162-km-long highway will compliment Outer Ring Road that connects Vandalur and Tiruvallur-Ponneri-Panchetti Road in Minjur.Announcing the Chennai Peripheral Road in a suo motu statement in the assembly on Wednesday, chief minister J Jayalalithaa said the highway will link Singamperumal Koil, Sriperumbudur, Tiruvallur, Thamaraipakkam, Periyapalayam and Puduvoyal and Kattupalli near Ennore Port.\"A detailed report will soon be prepared for the project. New stretches of 83.2km will be built for the road and 78.6km of existing road will be upgraded,\" she said. The road, which will come up 30km from Outer Ring Road, will aid container movement to and from Ennore Port.Industry reacted with elation to the announcement. \"The idea is wonderful and we welcome it. The state is bringing to life its Vision 2023 document which gives thrust to infrastructure development,\" said R Dinesh, chairman, CII-Tamil Nadu State Council.\"The manufacturing, automobile and automotive component industries are mushrooming rapidly in the Chengalpet and Sriperumbudur-Oragadam belt due to availability of infrastructure and skilled workers,\" Dinesh said. \"The initiative will raise investor confidence.\"Phase I of the Outer Ring Road was conceptualised in 1996, but took shape only in 2010. \"Acquisition of land for ORR came at a huge cost, but that will not be the case with Chennai Peripheral Road,\" said a senior highways official.The road will also help container movement from the southern districts along East Coast Road, 765km of which the state is widening and upgrading between Chennai and Kanyakumari. \"ORR will soon reach its capacity so it is imperative to work on a project for the long-term,\" the official said.With the six-lane Outer Ring Road moving at snail's pace, heavy vehicular traffic takes a toll on roads, especially Bypass Road that links GST Road near Irumbuliyur and Maduravoyal.\"If the deadlock is resolved and the Chennai Port-Maduravoyal road is built, it will compliment the peripheral road,\" an industrialist said. The NHAI-Chennai Port Trust joint initiative was recently put on hold by the state public works department, which wanted course correction of the road along the Cooum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-10"}
