{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17236260", "title": "KSRTC drivers to get lessons on safe driving", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Frequent accidents involving KSRTC buses on the Wayanad ghat road has prompted the corporation to launch an awareness programme for its drivers.KSRTC decided to conduct the programme to make drivers more vigilant on the ghat road and hairpin curves. Special instructions on safe driving in hilly terrain would also be issued, besides providing modules on better traffic sense and duties and responsibilities of a driver.According to KSRTC statistics, its buses were involved in more than 30 accidents in the past three months. Officials said one-third of total accidents reported from the region involved KSRTC buses.Through the planned programme, the corporation also aims to reduce additional expenses incurred on repairing the buses and for paying compensation to accident victims. According to officials, KSRTC buses are involved in one third of the total accidents reported in the region.Narrow and smooth roads caused most of the accidents, officials said. Though the National Highways Authority of India has submitted a proposal to the state government recommending the widening of the ghat road to reduce accidents, the proposal was not yet considered.Officials said the road's width should be increased to 12 metres from the existing 7.5 metres. Wide roads would reduce accidents and traffic congestions, which have been regular in the ghat section. The consent of the department of forests would be necessary to acquire land in the section.Earlier, another proposal to lay interlock tiles at hairpins curves was submitted to the government. Laying of tiles at hairpin curves two, four and nine have been completed. However, the work has not been started at the remaining curves.Kozhikode: The Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC) has decided to organize awareness programme for its drivers with the intention to reduce the number of accidents in the Wayanad Ghat. The decision was taken by the RTC following the finding that the buses of State Road Transport Corporation were involved in most of the accidents reported in the ghat road.Many long distances buses including limited stop and town-to-town buses and deluxe buses of the RTC frequently involve in accidents, according to the statistics available with the KSRTC. Over 30 accidents involving KSRTC buses were reported in the region in the last three months alone, according to the statistics.The Corporation also aims to reduce the additional expenses it has to bear for repairing the damaged buses and for paying compensation to the victims of accidents by conducting training programme for erring drivers. According to officials, KSRTC buses are involved in one third of the total accidents reported in the region.KSRTC officials decided to conduct training programme for drivers to make them more vigilant while driving in the ghat road and hairpin curves. Special directions would also be issued to the drivers on the methods to make their journey safe in the region, they said adding that traffic sense and duties and responsibilities of a driver will be reiterated at the training programme.Lack of width for the ghat road and smooth surface of the repaired road are considered as the major reason for increasing number of accidents in the region. Though the National Highway authority has already submitted a proposal to the state government demanding the widening of the ghat road to reduce accident, the proposal is yet to be considered by the government.According to officials, the width of the road in the region is only 7.5 meters which should be increased to 12 meters for avoiding accidents and to reduce traffic congestion. As the land bordering the road is owned by the forest department, consent of the department is required for the widening work, they added.The proposal to repair the hairpin curves using interlock tiles also is unaddressed. Interlocking work has already been completed at hairpin curves 2, 4 and 9. An estimate, with a cost of Rs.85, was also submitted to the government for carrying out the interlocking work of the remaining curves. However, the proposal is yet to be considered by the government, officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17235178", "title": "National highways to have minimum of two lanes", "text": "PUNE: National highways, which have less than two lanes, will now be developed to a minimum of two lanes with paved shoulders.Chandmal Parmar - one of the members of the working group on road safety education, which was appointed by the Union ministry of road transport and highways - said there were few such highways in the state which need to be widened. The ministry recently issued a memorandum to state secretaries and the National Highways Authority of India to this effect. \"Whenever new projects of widening or realignment of national highways is taken up, the roads should be of the specified width,\" the memorandum said.The ministry said generally the width of the roads is determined by traffic movement. \"National highways being main thoroughfares have heavy movement of traffic and have safety considerations,\" it said.The country has the dubious distinction in terms of fatalities on roads and there is a need to segregate slow moving traffic from the fast moving one, it added. Parmar said one of the recommendations made in the report submitted by the working group was that the highways should have a minimum of two lanes. The basic objective was to reduce accidents on roads. Asked whether there were any highways in the state which have carriageway width of less than two lanes, Parmar said there are some stretches, such as the Kalyan-Nanded via Ale Phata, which are narrow and need widening. In states like Madhya Pradesh , Bihar and Rajasthan, the highways are too narrow, he added.Drivers take these routes as they don't have to pay toll charges collected on highways which have been widened. Parmar said all two-lane highways should be widened to four lanes for safer and faster movement of traffic. The stretch of Pune-Solapur road, between Hadapsar and Loni, is too narrow and needs to be widened, Parmar said.The Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation has sent a letter to the ministry to widen an eight- km stretch of the Mumbai-Pune highway, between Nigdi and Dehu Road. The two-lane road needs to be widened to four lanes because of the heavy movement of traffic, it has said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17234940", "title": "Fight bares cracks in gurudwara committee", "text": "NEW DELHI: Thursday's fight between supporters of Shiromani Akali Dal (Badal) and Shiromani Akali Dal (Delhi), which controls Sikh Gurdwara Management Committee, has brought to the fore the unrest and growing political rift within the 52-member committee. If the much-delayed SGMC elections are scheduled by the state before December 31, as per Supreme Court orders, the weeks ahead are likely to see much action on the Sikh turf as both factions try to wrest control of SGMC.The Delhi government now wants the existing general election system laid out for SGMC to be amended to enable direct election to the post of president. So far, presidents have been chosen by the committee's 52 elected members.The government is of the view that direct elections will counter the alleged influence of money in the committee's presidential elections. It has approved a proposal for direct election in line with an earlier SGMC resolution.The government is now planning to seek the Supreme Court's approval for its cabinet decision. If that happens, elections may not be held in December as the Act governing SGMC will need to be amended in the winter session of the assembly. This will give Shiromani Akali Dal (Delhi) more time at the helm. For both Congress, which supports SAD (Delhi), and BJP, which supports SAD (Badal), gaining the support of Sikh voters is crucial in view of the 2013 assembly polls.The five-year tenure of the SGMC led by SAD (Delhi) ended earlier this year and elections were to be scheduled in March. But at that time supporters learnt to be associated with SAD (Badal) alleged serious deficiencies in the voters list and challenged it in the Supreme Court. The court stayed the plan to hold polls in March. Six months later, it vacated the stay and directed the government to hold the elections before December 31.Speaking to TOI, minister in-charge of gurdwara management, Arvinder Singh Lovely, said the government will abide by the Supreme Court's order. \"Whatever the court says, we will follow. If the court agrees with the cabinet decision, we will amend the law and hold the election soon after,\" Lovely added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17239875", "title": "Hitchcock's earliest film released online", "text": "Acclaimed director Alfred Hitchcock's earliest known surviving feature, in which he served as an assistant director among other credits, was released online on Thursday.The recovered parts of 1924's 'The White Shadow,' will be streamed free for the next two months at the US National Film Preservation Foundation's website, the nonprofit group said in a statement.The New Zealand Film Archive found three of the film's delicate nitrate reels in its collection last year. No other copies are known to exist of the silent British melodrama, Stuff.co.nz reported.The foundation, which supports film preservation in the United States , said it was able to stream the film online from cash donations and bandwidth that was donated by the online film service Fandor.The White Shadow is also believed to be the first surviving production that Hitchcock, then 24, worked on with Alma Reville, whom he married in 1926.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17236004", "title": "Fresh directives issued to remove open meat shopitals", "text": "NASHIK: After the chairman of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC's standing committee issued directives to the health department twice in a fortnight, the latter has decided to rid the city of open meat, fish and poultry shops.The standing committee Chairman Uddhav Nimse had directed the health department in the beginning of November to close down open meat, fish and poultry shops immediately. But the illegal shops were running doing their business as usual. Last week, Nimse issued fresh directives to the health department to close down the shops.While earlier the health department said that these did not come under its control and that it was the anti-encroachment department's job to evict the encroachers, the fresh directives have made the health department todecide otherwise. The health officer Dr S G Hiray said that he had instructed all the divisional officers to close down all the open meat shops in their respective divisions. He said that he had also issued written directive in this regard to the divisional officers.Earlier the health officer and the veterinary officer of the NMC had said that the NMC has three legal slaughter houses but the city is swarming with places where shops sell meat in the open and on roadsides. The officials had informed that earlier municipal corporations had the power to issue licences for slaughter and sale of meat, but from 2004 onwardsthe government cancelled this provision and took charge of issuing licences. To keep a check on illegal sale and slaughter of meat, the health department had applied to the state government in 2008 for rules and regulations governing the licensing of meat shops in Nashik under the Bombay Provincial Municipal Corporation Act, 1949. Once the state government gives the green signal, such open shops can be monitored, the officials had said.But following the incident of a rabid dog biting number of children in Satpur Colony in the end of October, local politicians raised the issue of open meat shops as that is one of the reasons to attracting stray dogs.A divisional officer said, \"We will start the drive after the festive season. Because of the Diwali holidays and leave of employees we are short of manpower.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17235864", "title": "Kali Puja revellers attack CPM party office", "text": "KOLKATA: Revellers, who were part of a Kali Puja immersion procession, The immersion party of a Kali pujaattacked a CPM local committee office at Beleghata's Sarkar Bazar and assaulted some of the party members on Thursday night. The procession was passing through the Sarkar Bazar area when suddenly some of the revellers started hurling immersion party members hurledcrackers at the CPM local committee members, injuring two of them. An FIR was lodged against seven persons.When the party members protested, they allegedly assaulted them. \"When we opposed the hurling of crackers at us, the youths immediately came forward and attacked us. They punched Kartik Das's nose and he had started to bleed profusely. Septuagenarian Dulal Banerjee was also hit on the head and he had to be given several stitches,\" He also had several stitches on his head because of the multiple injuries,said Sarkar Bazar local CPM committee secretary Sukumar Dutta. He further alleged that the attackers were all Trinamool Congress supporters and hurled crackers without provocation. \"We never expected such an attack, as we have never got into any political trouble with anybody in the locality,\" he said. However, Trinamool Congress spokesperson said that the allegation was baseless and internal feuds within CPM had triggered the attack. tnnas it was the internal party feud within the CPM party. They are now putting the blame on outsiders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17234558", "title": "Mormugao Port Trust's plans of retirement preposterous, alleges All India Trade Union Congress", "text": "PANAJI: The Mormugao Port Trust's (MPT) proposal of special voluntary retirement scheme (SVRS) and long leave to employees is a ploy to privatize the port, All India Trade Union Congress (AITUC) has alleged.Christopher Fonseca, AITUC state general secretary, said it was shocking that after so many years of service rendered by them, MPT considered its employees expendable. He termed the proposal as \"blatant and preposterous\". The MPT had on November 9 approved a SVRS and special leave, as an option to its 2,605 employees, to tide over the mining ban crisis.\"It is a shame that successive MPT managements have failed to make the port a multi-product handling destination even after 51 years of liberation,\" Fonseca said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17235847", "title": "Saving Sukhna Lake on their mind", "text": "LUDHIANA: It is not the affairs of daily life that occupy the thoughts of this group of five students from University Institute of Engineering and Technology (UIET), who have taken an initiative to save the Sukhna Lake by joining hands with the UT administration.The students, hoping to rejuvenate the dried water body, have conducted a detailed study and are preparing a report that will help the forest department in this endeavour.Their study suggest that to keep a check on weed growth, which is called eutrophication, there needs to be a balanced amount of minerals in the lake water. This can be ensured by treating water before it enters the lake. The low water-level in the lake during summer can be resolved by ensuring high inflow of rainwater into the lake during monsoons. Also, the sewerage treatment plants can be developed as a new source of continuous water supply, the students have proposed.Subodh Khullar, Vikramjeet Singh, Minaldeep Singh Cheema, Siddharth Singh and Soumil Madaan are all final year students of BE-MBA course. The UT administration had approached Panjab University to assist it in saving Sukhna. \"The lake's water-level has been declining continuously because of silt accumulation, weed growth and poor quality of water, which is the most important issue,\" said Soumil Madaan, a group member.He added the group has worked out several other ways to resolve the silting issue in the lake. The UIET students said one of their plan includes a proper drainage system in residential areas around Sukhna, through which waste water can be treated and let in to the lake. \"A proper drainage system will also save rainwater from getting wasted and take it straight to the lake,\" said another group member Siddarth.The rain-fed lake was created in 1958 by damming the Sukhna Choe, a seasonal stream coming down from the Shivalik Hills. The 1.52 km long and 1.49 km wide lake was originally 18-feet-wide. But, heavy silt deposits reduced the depth of the lake to 8 feet 6 inches and its area to 1. 5 sq km, said another student working for the cause Vikramjeet.Minaldeep from the group said the water from original catchment areas of the lake should be diverted to the water body without obstructions.The students' report also mentions that a continuous flow of clean water in the lake is important.\"We want this to work out as it would be a good deed to our beloved city and would let us implement our engineering an management skills,\" said Siddarth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17234868", "title": "80-yr-old killed in NW Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: An 80-year-old woman staying alone in Narela was found strangled to death on Thursday morning. Parwati Devi had moved into this house in Bhoga, northwest Delhi, a month ago from her niece's home. The wife of her nephew, who used to come every day to make tea for the victim, found the body, said B S Jaiswal, DCP (outer).The main door of the building was open but not broken, suggesting that assailants got a friendly entry, cops said. \"On Thursday morning, Sumer's wife found the door open and was taken aback. Upon entering the house, she found Parwati Devi dead in her chair. She called other relatives who first thought it to be a natural death,\" said Jaiswal. A few minutes later, a relative found red marks on her neck and \"the family decided to inform police\", he said.Only the jewellery that she wore on the nose and ears have gone missing. The Narela house is registered in Parwati Devi's name. She also has a substantial amount of land in her name, said an officer. Parwati Devi had lost her husband 10 years ago and had no children. She treated Sumer as her own child.Police are investigating why the relatives took three hours to inform them and also probing the enmity angle. \"The question is why she chose to stay alone in Narela. As she was new in the locality, she was not even registered with the senior citizen cell,\" said the officer.A case of murder has been registered and cops are waiting for the postmortem report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17235225", "title": "Amnesty plan: 1,700 apply for installation of water meters", "text": "PUNE: A water amnesty scheme 'Abhay Yojana' implemented by the Pimpri Chinchwad municipal corporation for recovery of water tax dues from citizens and regularization of water connections has received good response.A total of 1,700 citizens have applied for installation of new water meters under the scheme. The amnesty scheme, announced a couple of months back, will be implemented till November 30, Prakash Kadam, additional municipal commissioner said. He said around 1,500 citizens have applied for rectifying their water bills that they consider exorbitant.The civic body has initiated public awareness drives about the scheme by announcing on loudspeakers and distributing handbills. Information about the scheme has also been put up at four zonal offices and property tax collection centers of the civic body. PCMC also plans to make a public appeal through cable TV network.As per the amnesty scheme, citizens who have authorized water connections but have still not installed water meters or whose water meters are not working should install new water meters before November 30. If the citizens fail to install new water meters, then their water connections will be disconnected. If citizens resort to taking unauthorized water connections, then the civic body will take legal action against them.Kadam said that the civic body has appointed a private organization on a contract to take water meter readings and distribute water bills in the city.The new water bills will have the photographs of the water meters along with readings. The organization has started the work of taking water meter readings and photographs of water meters. Water meter recordings and photographs of the meters of 17,500 water connections has been taken so far.A civic official said the total water tax due is around Rs 58 crore. The civic water supply department hopes to collect Rs 21 crore through this scheme. There are a total of 1.04 lakh authorized water connections fitted with water meters in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17235240", "title": "Israel army tweets Gaza strike live", "text": "NEW DELHI: War propaganda entered a whole new dimension on Wednesday night as the Israeli Defence Forces tweeted a strike in Gaza live. International news portals said this was the world's first broadcast of an ongoing military campaign through Twitter.The IDF flooded online platforms in its efforts to put out its version of the attack. The strike, in which senior Hamas leader Ahmed Jabari was killed, was not only live-tweeted, but also live-blogged on Tumblr, a blogger's platform. There were also regular updates on video-sharing website YouTube, while pictures and posters were shared on image-sharing website Flickr.Not to be left behind, Al Qassam Brigade, the military wing of Hamas, also put out their version of the story from their Twitter account @AlqassamBrigade.This is how the operation unfolded through social media websites. Around midnight on Wednesday, India time, the Israeli Defence Forces launched Operation Pillar of Defense with surgical strikes into Gaza. On Twitter, tweets about the Israeli strike on Gaza were accompanied by the hashtag #PillarOfDefense while those about Hamas' attacks on Israelis were tagged #LifeUnderFire and #Israel Under Fire. A hashtag is a clickable tag that is used to view tweets from different sources about a particular subject together.Such posters typically give out a piece of information or a message followed by an exhortation to share it. \"Three Israeli civilians were killed this morning by a rocket fired from Gaza. The IDF will continue to act to ensure the safety of Israeli citizens and cripple Hamas' terrorist infrastructure in Gaza. Share this if you think Israel has the right to defend itself,\" said the text of one of the many such posters shared online by the Israeli Defence Forces.While guns blazed on the ground, attacks and counter attacks took place on the Internet as well. \"#Israel's military kills #Palestinian children in cold blood in #Gaza, shelling civilians &amp; populated areas #Humanrights,\" read a tweet from @AlqassamBrigade. Attached was a picture of officials holding a dead baby, speaking to the television media. Shortly after the strike, the Al Qassam Brigade also tweeted directly at the IDF account saying, \"@idfspokesperson our blessed hands will reach your leaders and soldiers wherever they are (You Opened Hell Gates on Yourselves)\". The IDF too had issued a threat before carrying out the operation in a tweet that read, \"We recommend that no Hamas operatives, whether low level or senior leaders, show their faces above ground in the days ahead.\"Details of the May 2011 killing of Osama Bin Laden in Operation Geronimo were also made available through official social media accounts. However, nothing was put out live.Sunil Abraham of Centre for Internet and Society (CIS) says that propaganda has been part and parcel of modern warcraft. \"From Nazi Germany to US during the Gulf War and this latest example -governments have always co-opted latest technologies into their propaganda campaigns,\" he says.Nitin Pai of Bangalore-based think tank The Takshashila Institution offers a slightly different view. He says that the quest for absolute truth is always mystical. \"Israelis have done a good job of getting their version out. It is a matter of scoring narrative dominance, where you wouldn't want stories by your critics to dominate,\" says Pai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17234342", "title": "Relevance of smaller states to be discussed", "text": "NAGPUR: Some eminent persons including ex-chairman of University Grants Commission Sukhdeo Thorat, Chhattisgarh chief minister Raman Singh, retired judge VA Mehta are among a dozen speakers who are expected to participate in a symposium on smaller states to be held in the city on Saturday.The symposium to be held at Sai Sabhagruh, near LAD college, will be inaugurated by Thorat at 9 30am. Raja Bundela of Federation for Smaller States will also speak in the inaugural session. The other speakers who will address two sessions to follow will be Haribhau Kedar, Jogendra Kawade, Shrikant Tidke, PKB Chakraborty, Justice (retd) VA Mehta, Ramesh Nayar of Raipur, MLA Devendra Fadnavis. The concluding session will be addressed by Raman Singh and Shrinivas Kandewale.Interestingly the daylong symposium on \"Relevance of smaller states in development process of India,\" has been organized by Hindustan Samachar, the country's only multilingual national news agency which is believed to be a pro-RSS organ. However, Laxminarayan Bhala, Rashtriya Prabhari of the news agency, which claims to be the only such institution run on cooperative basis, denied that it was an RSS-sponsored event.\"As a media organization we want to spread awareness on the subject. It should not be seen as part of a campaign, but it makes sense to know varying views on an issue which concerns sentiments of people in several states like Maharashtra, UP and Andhra Pradesh,\" said Bhala. He said way back Jansangh leader Deendayal Upadhyay had advocated creation of 60 states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17236304", "title": "Alarm bells ring as no space for garbage at Bandhwari", "text": "GURGAON: The city faces a heightened threat of epidemics such as dengue as tonnes of garbage is lying untouched at the solid waste management plant in Bandhwari for the past few days. The problem arose because of the slow and inadequate garbage processing at this plant.Sources indicate that %if things don't improve in the next couple of days, there could be grave consequences. According to officials, the problem is so serious that trucks carrying garbage to the plant from the city are being forced to wait for hours on end merely to enter the plant and unload the garbage, since the plant is not able to efficiently process it.\"Every day around 450 tonnes of garbage from Gurgaon and 400 tonnes from Faridabad is sent to this plant. However, for the past few days the plant is able to process only around 500 tonnes owing to lack of trained manpower and efficient machinery. This is the reason why the trucks have to wait outside the plant for hours together. And since the trucks are running behind schedule, the garbage at various collection points in the city is piling up. If the pile-up continues, it could have adverse consequences,\" explained a senior official.The other major reason for the mess is that the plant has only one weighing bridge instead of two. \"Ideally such plants are supposed to have two weighing bridges - one at the entry point and the other at exit. However, this plant has only one weighing machine and therefore the waiting time for trucks has increased. The garbage collection in the city has increased due to the festive season and the processing of the garbage is getting inordinately delayed because of insufficient manpower and equipment at the plant,\" said a contractor.The MCG officials claim that they have issued a warning to the agency that is operating this plant. \"We have told him clearly to speed up the process and if he fails to do so, we will lodge a police complaint,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "17234721", "title": "Ponda municipal council seeks time to reply to notice of directorate of municipal administration", "text": "PONDA: The Ponda municipal council (PMC) on Thursday sought time from the d irectorate of municipal administration (DMA) to reply to its showcause notice.The DMA had issued the notice to PMC on November 8, asking the council why it should not be dissolved for failing to tackle the town's garbage issues.The council had been asked to file its reply within eight days, which ends on Friday. While a provisional reply has been readied, the PMC has sought time to submit its final reply, civic body officials said.PMC chairperson Rukmi Dangui said that since the dissolution of the council would affect every councillor, a special meeting of the 13-member council has been scheduled for November 19.\"We will discuss and decide our course of action against the notice then,\" she told TOI.Calling the notice \"politically motivated\", she alleged it had been issued without following proper procedure, and that the PMC would challenge this in a court of law.Chief officer Pradip Naik said he has informed the DMA that he has consistently ensured that Ponda town, especially its streets, have been kept clean regularly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17234111", "title": "Santhi still waiting for help from the ministry", "text": "CHENNAI: Aide et Action, an NGO in the field of education, has provided Santhi Soundarajan with a lifeline and is helping the Tamil Nadu athlete nurture her dream of a future in a field that is closest to her heart - athletics.The middle-distance runner, the other Indian athlete who has faced gender issues like Pinki Pramanik, has been battling for recognition ever since she was stripped of her 800m silver medal at the 2006 Doha Asian Games after failing a gender test.Shunned by her fraternity and disillusioned with her life Santhi was working for a daily wage of Rs 200 in a brick kiln, even as South Africa's Caser Semenya, who failed a similar test at the 2009 World championships, was her country's flag bearer at the July-August Olympics in London .\"I want to run or I want to coach,\" Santhi told the TOI at AeA's facility in Perambur in the southern metropolis on Thursday. \"Ever since I was denied the opportunity to compete, I have wanted to coach and help guide young athletes, live my dreams through coaching,\" added Santhi who attempted suicide after her failed gender test.AeA reached out to Santhi after reading a story in The Times of India in July, that also saw the then sports minister Ajay Maken make a promise that the ministry would give her the opportunity to acquire official coaching credentials by helping her with a placement at the Government-run National Institute of Sport.\"I am hoping to get enrolled at the NIS in April,\" said Santhi. \"I had received verbal assurance but nothing in writing,\" said Santhi, who is involved with fitness and athletic training at AeA.\"AeA has promised to help me establish an athletics academy if the Government fails to recognize me, and I am grateful to AeA for their support,\" said Santhi.\"To be honest, I want a government job in recognition for who I am and what I have achieved,\" said Shanthi. \"I was shattered by the failed test. The Athletics Federation of India did not support me, did not fight for my cause. I was hoping they would. I was depressed,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17237363", "title": "Construction sector comes to a standstill", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The construction sector in the district has come to a grinding halt with the availability of all key building materials, including cement, crushed stone, sand and bricks, are severely hit by indefinite strikes called by various trade and construction industry associations.For hundreds of city residents, their much cherished home dreams are fast turning sour as steep rise in the cost of the scarce raw materials have forced many to suspend the works. Cement, crushed stone and laterite bricks have become hard to obtain due to the indefinite strike called by cement wholesalers and granite and laterite quarry owners from Thursday onwards.Cement has become a scarce commodity as stockists stopped receiving new wagon loads from November 1 onwards and truck load arrivals were suspended last week alleging harassment by taxmen and protesting the inclusion of cement under the Notified Goods category. Around 500 stockists and sub dealers in the district started their formal indefinite strike from Thursday.Adding to the woes of home builders, the granite and crushed stone deliveries have also stopped as the 120 odd quarries have also started an indefinite shut down from Thursday. The laterite quarries have also joined the strike in protest against the Supreme Court directive making it mandatory to obtain NOCs from the Union ministry of environment and forests for their operations.Sand has become ever scarcer with the local bodies across the district had stopped issuing applications for the Nirman online sand distribution from July 22 onwards. There is a backlog of five months in delivering sand under the system and the corporation alone has over 2,000 home builders waiting to file their applications via the online system. As the sand distributed via Nirman is not enough to meet even one-fifth of the demand, the sand price in the black market has risen from Rs 9,000 to Rs 13,000 for a five tonne truck load.\"The district is reeling under severe scarcity of building materials which has resulted in around 30%-40% spike in raw material prices. Building a home has become increasingly difficulty for residents due to steep material and labour charges. Even the cost of a laterite brick has risen from Rs 28 to Rs 34,\" said Job Mathew, district president of Licensed Engineers and Supervisors Federation (Lensfed).\"I have now stopped the house construction which I started two years ago. With the current price levels building a house is just not viable for the middle class. I could get only 7 tonnes of sand via Nirman online system and somehow I sourced it from the open market. But with the current sky high prices I have no way but to suspend the construction,\" said Ranjith Kumar, a city resident.Quarry Owners' Association Kozhikode unit president U V Chandran said the implementation of the plan projects by the local government bodies will be the next casualty as the strikes in the sector will intensify in the coming days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "17236556", "title": "No Rohtang without registration", "text": "MANALI: Beautiful but fatal Rohtang pass is soon going to wear a deserted look and those who want to cross it will have to get themselves registered at rescue posts on both sides of the pass. Two teams, which include rescue and medical experts, radio operator and police left for their respective posts at Marhi (Kullu) and Koksar (Lahaul) on Thursday.It would be mandatory for all people wishing to cross the pass to register themselves at a post and then at the second post again, after crossing the pass. Atal Bihari Vajpayee Institute of Mountaineering and Allied Sports is responsible for the installation and monitoring of the activities on Rohtang after November 15 and till the pass opens for vehicular traffic.The institute director Capt Randhir Singh Salhuria said the posts would be functional till December 31 in their first phase. \"In second phase, posts would be installed after peak winter season, when Rohtang would be walkable,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17235719", "title": "Grads GATE crash for better options", "text": "KOLKATA: Are software jobs, considered to the sure-shot route to affluence not so long ago, losing their charm? The situation definitely looks so if the number (from 7.8 lakh the last time to 11.5 lakh this year) of budding engineers in the core sector gradually shifting to the Graduate Aptitude Test in Engineering(GATE) is taken into consideration. Even moderate job offers from the IT companies to freshers are failing to attract the best brains from the best institutes.So why are these students turning away from a career in the IT sector? Sumit Kanjilal, a final-year electrical engineering student at Jadavpur University, sums up the missing link deftly. \"My core competence is not software. I would like to take up a job with the public sector companies where I can put to use what I have learnt in the past four years. TCS, CTS and several other companies are offering roles that deal with data interpretation only. CTS has offered me an annual pay package of Rs 3.35 lakh to begin with. Yet I am taking the GATE because that will help me get a PSU job or open up the option of doing the Masters,\" he said.Sumit and his classmate Shiladitya have come to know from their seniors that IT jobs become \"monotonous\" and lack \"creativity\" after a point of time. This apart, with most of the verticals placed in Bangalore or Hyderabad, there is little chance of climbing up the ladder staying in Kolkata. \"I have a job offer from TCS with an annual pay packet of Rs 3.5 lakh. But I am aiming for the Masters and then take up a job with a major PSU. The job offer I got from TCS doesn't have anything with electrical engineering. My job profile is also unknown. IT companies are mass employers, but I doubt if they are the best,\" Shiladitya wondered.The trend suddenly swung in favour of GATE after the PSUs stopped holding campus interviews and instead decided to recruit aspirants having a good GATE score. JU construction engineering teacher Partha Pratim Biswas, however, offered a different interpretation. He argued that undergraduate teaching was suffering mostly in the private engineering colleges. \"Students passing out from private colleges often fail to get jobs. They are thus taking the GATE to fetch a degree from a better institute in a bid to land a better job,\" he explained.The JU teacher also pointed out that around 40% of the engineering teaching posts are lying vacant. \"Many students are appearing for GATE since MTech is a must to bag a teaching job where the salary is comparable with the PSU,\" Biswas said.Rahul Changder, a Techno India student, echoed a similar view. \"I study electronics and tele-communications engineering and want to do MTech since most jobs on campus are from IT companies,\" Changder said.For JU chemical engineering student Krishnendu Banerjee, the new system (PSUs considering the GATE score) has opened up options other than the IT sector. \"I have job offers from two software companies. But I didn't study chemical engineering to become a software professional. Earlier, we had very few options other than the IT sector. But the situation is changing. IT has lost its dazzle. Now I am looking for a job with a Maharatna or a Navratna company,\" Krishnendu said.\"Around 70% to 80% of JU students are taking the GATE because engineering students want to specialize in the core sector. They were forced to take IT jobs because other opportunities were scarce. Now, jobs in software companies have also dried up. They would rather prefer going into higher studies or do an MBA than taking up an IT job,\" a JU faculty member said.The shift has been so radical that Besu civil engineering student Aritro Dutta has dumped offers from an oil major and chose to pursue higher studies. JU mechanical engineering student Brato Chakraborti, on the other hand, preferred to stay away from the campus interview since he wanted to pursue a doctoral programme. \"I have already appeared in the GRE and am also applying in foreign universities. But I am taking the GATE in case I fail to go abroad,\" he said. Even Besu student Monsur Islam has kept GATE as his second option. \" I am not at all interested in IT jobs. I am trying to pursue higher studies in the US. GATE is an alternative for me,\" he said.Software jobs are fast losing their charm to budding engineers in the core sector. Or so it seems from the sudden spurt in technology graduates willing to take the IIT-GATE exam to pursue higher studies. Their number has increased from 7.8 lakh in 2012 to 11.5 lakh this year. And all this, after IT companies are reaching out to technology university campus with moderate job offers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17236088", "title": "Muslim body to tour state to 'expose' govt", "text": "HYDERABAD: MIM supremo Asaduddin Owaisi and United Muslim Action Committee (UMAC) president Abdul Raheem Qureshi on Wednesday said the UMAC leaders would tour the state to \"expose the anti-secular activities of the Congress government.\" Criticising the police and the government for \"creating a curfew-like situation in Old City\" and they said Muslims have been badly hit as 'the business establishments run by them are not being allowed to function.'Addressing the media at MIM headquarters in Darussalaam, Owaisi said \"We will go to all places. We will speak to the people and tell them about the anti-people and communal policies of the government. We will also include SCs and BCs in our tour.\"Owaisi stated that deputy chief minister Damodar Rajanarsimha's wife had visited the Bhagyalakshmi Temple for darshan on Tuesday even as business establishments had been shut down. \"It is surprising and upsetting that shops were not allowed to open but the deputy chief minister's family visited the temple with a police escort. This is a deliberate economic blockade of Old City. Vendors are not allowed to sell their wares and autos are not being allowed to ply on the streets. This family's visit to the temple has corroborated what the MIM has been saying about the Congress government,\" Owaisi said.Owaisi said that since the MIM had supported the Congress government in the no-confidence motion, it was necessary to give governor E S L Narsimhan a letter expressing their withdrawal of support. \"Technically we are not a pre-poll ally. But since our support is on record, we will give the letter very soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17235295", "title": "Motorists fume over dusty roads, corporation blames staff crunch", "text": "CHENNAI: Several commuters are fuming over huge clouds of dust on city roads, with many saying a strong wind and steady drizzle can make it impossible to drive.Chennai corporation officials say shortage of staff and equipment is affecting clean-up work. Many are not convinced, said R Ravikaran, who delivers food in Anna Nagar: \"I wear a helmet and use sun glasses, but dust always enters my eyes. It's time the civic body considered the plight of two-wheeler riders, cyclists and pedestrians.\"The most affected are delivery boys, traffic policemen, students and office-goers in areas like Anna Nagar, Koyambedu, Ambattur, Thiruvottiyur, Velachery and Sholinganallur.Corporation officials said nearly 2,500 workers were tasked with cleaning roads, but most of them were not regular in the work. Others said staff shortage was affecting the work. \"We have been struggling to clear even garbage,\" one said.Sources said there were just eight mechanical sweepers for the 15 zones, including one each for Royapuram, Anna Nagar, Alandur, Perungudi, Sholinganallur, Teynampet, Kodambakkam and Adyar. A senior official said: \"We have finalized tenders for mechanical sweepers in seven more zones. These can sweep a road in wet and dry conditions at 4km per hour.\"Sneha Rajendhan of Ambattur said: \"I am an asthmatic and every time I pass though MTH Road, it becomes difficult for me to breathe. They use manual and mechanical sweepers in VIP areas like Kamarajar Salai. They could at least sprinkle water to prevent the dust from flying.\"Ongoing metro rail work and vehicles carrying construction material add to the woes. Some ophthalmologists said they were seeing several motorists with eye infections. The number of cases of respiratory diseases and asthma is also on the rise. \"Two-wheeler riders should use goggles,\" said a doctor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17235246", "title": "Security up in Sena, BJP areasPolice bandobast at 89 points City police on high alert", "text": "PUNE: Police bandobast was intensified in the city on Thursday, particularly in the Shiv Sena and BJP dominated areas of Kothrud, Kondhwa, Kasba Peth and Parvati, in view of Sena supremo Bal Thackeray's health condition. The police have been put on high alert as a preventive measure and to avert any untoward incidents.Deputy commissioner of police (special branch) Mahadev Tambade said, \"We have a total strength of 8,500 personnel and have provided bandobast at 89 fixed points in Pune and Pimpri Chinchwad. In addition, we have given striking forces, comprising a police officer, five policemen and a vehicle, to officers of the rank of DCP and above\".Tambade said two companies of the state reserve police force (SRPF), that is 200 policemen, have reported to the Pune police commissionerate. One platoon each of 25 to 30 SRPF men have been deployed at four zonal DCP level offices in Pune. While one platoon each has been kept in reserve at the control room and police headquarters in Shivajinagar for emergency situations.According to Tambade, extra police bandobast have been deployed at sensitive places in the jurisdiction of Khadak, Kondhwa, Pune Cantonment, Samarth, Khadki, Swargate, Yerawada, Hadapsar, Deccan Gymkhana, Pimpri and Bhosari police stations.\"We are not anticipating any trouble, security has been intensified as a preventive measure. Leaves of all policemen have been cancelled,\" Tambade said. The special branch has deployed six quick response teams each at strategic locations. We are monitoring the situation closely. Traffic bandobast is in place in view of the increase in vehicle movement between Pune and Mumbai, he added.BOXPuja performed for Thackeray's recoveryAround 25 Shiv Sena activists performed a puja at the Shrimant Dagdusheth Ganapati Halwai temple for Bal Thackeray's health on Thursday. Sena MLAs Mahadev Babar and Chandrakant Mokate, MLC Neelam Gorhe and other party leaders have rushed to Mumbai for an update on Thackeray's health. A Sena leader arranged 10 buses to take activists to Mumbai, said a police official who refused to be named.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17236352", "title": "MCG to seek flyover funds from NCR body", "text": "GURGAON: The Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) authorities are planning to approach the NCR planning board to get the funds that are needed to construct the flyover and underpass at MDI Chowk. This is being done after the state government asked the corporation to use its own funds to construct it, say sources. \"We had approached the urban local bodies department to get the funds but the authorities said that we have to use our own funds. That is why we are planning to ask the NCR planning board to give us the funds. The construction of the flyover and underpass at this place will cost close to Rs 103 crore. As we plan to construct such flyovers and underpasses at other locations as well, we do not have the needed money,\" said an official. Sources also indicate that the construction work will get delayed if the funds do not arrive on time. \"We are very hopeful that the planning board will give us the needed funds to undertake the construction work. However, in case they do not give us the funds, we will have to look for other means and that would delay the work,\" said another official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17239126", "title": "Harris-Vairamuthu-SPB in Irandam Ulagam", "text": "Harris Jayaraj, Vairamuthu and SPB have joined forces to render a romantic song in 'Irandam Ulagam', the forthcoming film of director Selvaraghavan. Starring Arya and Anushka Shetty in lead roles, 'Irandam Ulagam' is touted as an adventure story.Composed by Harris Jayaraj , the number ' Kandar mayangum vandaar malarey... ' has been penned by Vairamuthu and sung by S P Balasubrahmaniam.The combination is sure to work wonders and probably this song will be one of the highlights of Irandam Ulagam music album. Vairamuthu with his lyrics and SPB with his voice would have taken the song to whole new level with the catchy tune of Harris.It is simultaneously being made in Telugu as ' Brindavanamlo Nandakumarudu '.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "derabad", "code": "17236029", "title": "Fake currency gang nabbed", "text": "DERABAD: Task Force sleuths arrested four members of a counterfeit currency gang and seized a counterfeit currency from their possession on Wednesday. The accused Ali Shaik, 31, Mohammed Javeed, 34, of Mallepally, Mohammed Raheem, 24, of Ziyaguda and Mohammed Salman, 20, belong to Golconda.Acting on a specific alert, West Zone Task Force sleuths nabbed the accused while they were trying to exchange Rs 50,000 counterfeit currency near Motidarwaja in Golconda on Wednesday. During the interrogation, Ali said that he procured the fake currency from one Sai Kiran a year ago. The accused along with the seized material were handed over to Golconda police for further interrogation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17236795", "title": "CBI on lookout for shopkeepers who sold SIM cards to PGI scam accused", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Shops in Hallomajra and Behlana are on the CBI radar as the accused in the PGI exam paper leak scam bought around 48 mobile SIM cards of different telecom companies from here. Police suspect that the SIM cards were purchased on the basis of false documents. According to CBI special lawyer P K Dogra, the accused procured 48 SIM cards, 4 tablets and five inner jackets for utilization in the scam.\"So far we have clues that SIM cards were procured from shopkeepers in Behlana, Hallomajra and other parts of the city. We also have clues about the addresses of the shops and very soon we will raid their premises. We have found that the cards were issued on the basis of false documents and we could take action against shopkeepers if we find that they did not make proper inquiries before selling new numbers,\" a CBI official accompanying the accused in court said.\"There is a possibility that tablets and smart phones were bought from Chandigarh. If we are able to ascertain their source, we would have more details. The accused are from South India, so there is a possibility that they had someone helping them in Chandhigarh. We are looking into all these angles,\" he explained.The CBI also sought assistance of experts from the Central Forensic Sciences Laboratory to examine the gadgets recovered from the gang. A team headed by junior scientific officer D P Gangwar and a voice detection expert visited the CBI headquarters at Sector 30 and examined all devices, including cellphones, cameras, microphones stitched to shirts, bluetooth devices and laptops recovered from the accused. Earlier, the CBI maintained that the accused bought the devices from electronic goods wholesalers in Delhi and Hyderabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "17236637", "title": "Centre to train kids in theatre art", "text": "DHARWAD: Dharwad-based Ranga Samaj has opened Dharasa, a centre to train children in theatre art.The centre was launched at Kannada Sahitya Parishat Bhavan in Dharwad on Wednesday. Children will be given education in various aspects of theatre here and they will get an opportunity to stage plays at different venues and manage acting, directing, lighting and music. Ranga Samaj president Shrishail Huddar said experts will train children at the centre. The training programme is chalked out in such a way that it would not affect the academic activities of the children.On the other hand it would supplement their academic pursuit with themes for plays being chosen from the study material, he said.Karnataka Balavikas Academy chairman Mahesh Tenginakai inaugurated the centre at a function attended by MLA Chandrakant Bellad, Sahitya Parishat district president Lingaraj Angadi and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17236841", "title": "Paddy procurement: Farmers break their own record", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With over 40% rain deficient in Punjab compelling the state government to seek respite, farmers in the state have beaten their own record of producing paddy. The state government has procured more than 127 lakh metric tonne of paddy as against 119 lakh MT procured last year.The state government has set up over 1,770 procurement centres and out of total procurement of 127 lakh tonne of paddy in all procurement centres of Punjab, government agencies procured 121 lakh tonne of paddy till date. Private traders procured 5 lakh tonne of paddy.Ludhiana district with 15 lakh tonne of procurement was leading in procurement operations, whereas Sangrur district with 14 lakh tonne was at second slot and Patiala district with 11 lakh tonne of procurement ranked third.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "adeveloped country like ireland doesn't have a progressive pregnancy-termination law that india has. the lack of such a law led to the tragic death of belgaum dentist, dr savita halappanavar , after a galway hospital rejected her appeal for an abortion of her foetus. dr cvr prasad, orthopaedic surgeon at galway clinic in ireland and a family of the halappanavars, said", "code": "17237176", "title": "Candlelight vigils, protests planned over next fortnight", "text": "Adeveloped country like Ireland doesn't have a progressive pregnancy-termination law that India has. The lack of such a law led to the tragic death of Belgaum dentist, Dr Savita Halappanavar , after a Galway hospital rejected her appeal for an abortion of her foetus. Dr CVR Prasad, orthopaedic surgeon at Galway Clinic in Ireland and a family of the Halappanavars, said: \"India has an Act - the Medical Termination of Pregnancy Act.But there is no such legislation in Ireland . The administrators keep talking about it every few months, but nothing has been done. Religion shouldn't influence medical practice.'' Dr Prasad said meetings and demonstrations were happening across the country and there was intense public anger against the tragedy involving Savita. On Wednesday night, about 1,000 people holding candles gathered in front of Parliament in Dublin. There's a candlelight vigil on Saturday and a meeting organized by Pro-Choice on November 22 in Galway. On December 1, a nationwide demonstration has been planned. Dr Prasad expressed concern about efforts here to separate the Savita case from abortion laws. \"They want to sweep it under the carpet. It's an unusual country, where religion is strong and influences all segments of administration and society,'' he said. Savita's husband Praveen said the Irish government and the University Hospital Galway had initiated a probe. \"I've received a letter from hospital authorities seeking my cooperation,\" he said.Savita begged for reliefOn October 20, Savita complained of back pain and fluid leakage. At the University Hospital Galway, doctors said she was fine. But when the pain resurfaced the following day, she was admitted to hospital. After several tests, the doctors told us the baby couldn't be saved as the womb neck was open. She was shocked. Later, she was shifted to the maternity ward. Despite treatment, she had unbearable pain. On the third day, she cried continuously and begged the doctors to terminate her pregnancy as she couldn't take it anymore. But the doctors cited Catholic laws and refused.On October 24, once it was confirmed that the heartbeat of the fetus had stopped, it was removed surgically. It was a girl. On October 27, Savita had difficulty breathing. She was kept on oxygen, and sedated following blood infection. The doctors kept saying she was critically stable, but she died the following day. I never knew about the law. The doctors told me about it just a day before she died. Till the last day, the doctors kept saying she was fine. We never thought her life was in danger.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17235994", "title": "Two booked for scuffle", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Road police have booked two persons - Madhukar Sonawane and Dinkar Jadhav and two more persons on charges of causing hurt to a 24-year-old youth of Siddharth Nagar, Eklahara. The Nashik Road police said that on Monday around 8.15pm, Mukesh Vir of Siddharth Nagar was walking near Eklahara Gate when the accused beat him up with wooden log and cable wire. Vir said that he was first beaten up near the Eklahara Gate and as he escaped, the accused chased him till his home, entered his house and beat him up again. The accused also snatched Rs 15,000 from Vir's brother inside the house.firecrackers in front of his house. Dhande said that he as well as his mother suffered injuries after the accused beat them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17234763", "title": "A month on, forest rights committees yet to scrutinize tribals' claims", "text": "MARGAO: Though the forest rights committees (FRC) from the four tribal-dominated talukas of South Goa - Sanguem, Quepem, Canacona and Dharbondara-have received over 1,700 claims from tribals under the Forest Rights Act, they are yet to embark on the task of scrutinizing the claims thereby setting the process back by nearly a month. It is feared that any further delay in beginning the scrutiny exercise may throw the process off-track.Sources said that the scrutiny process has been delayed on account of the unavailability of the required technological support to carry out the massive survey in difficult terrains of the forested areas. It is learnt that the South Goa district administration is in the process of procuring the geo-positioning system (GPS)-based software to scrutinize the claims. Sources pointed out that the delay in obtaining the software and the sophisticated survey tools has led to the process hitting a roadblock.As per the initial schedule, the process to elect FRCs by the gram sabhas and invite claims from tribals was to begin on July 22. All claims under the Forest Rights Act were to be submitted to this committee within three months. The second gram sabha was to be held on October 22 so as to approve the claims received by the FRCs. The claims approved by the gram sabha were required to be submitted to the sub-divisional committee headed by the sub-divisional officer by October 31. Following the approval by the district-level and state-level committees, the claims - personal and community rights -were to be settled as provided in the act by November 10.The claims -over ownership of land, community rights, right of way, etc - are to be first scrutinized by the FRC constituted in every village as required under the act. Sources pointed out that none of the FRCs have been able to scrutinize the claims owing to the technological hurdle.Minister for tribal welfare Ramesh Tawadkar said: \"The task of scrutinizing the claims is lengthy and tedious. Though the process may be running behind schedule, we have set the target of implementing the Forest Rights Act throughout Goa by December 2013 by which time all the claims of the tribals will be settled.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17235734", "title": "UP govt uses police to bring Shia leaders for talks", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court was shocked by the UP government's method in using police to bring Shia community leaders to the table for talks with majority Sunni community leaders for a negotiated settlement of 150 year-old dispute on ownership of graveyard in Doshipura area of Varanasi.During the hearing on the issue last week, counsel for Shia community Kamini Jaiswal protested loudly before a bench of Justices R M Lodha and A R Dave. \"On October 31, six police officers came and took the leaders of Shia community for talks. The District magistrate pressurized them to surrender the land,\" she alleged.UP government's counsel denied the allegation but the court was furious. \"When talks for negotiated settlement are on, they cannot be pressurized or forced to surrender land. If the district magistrate has done it, then it is serious,\" the bench said.\"If the government intends to explore negotiated settlement, there cannot be any coercion. Let it be known to the DM that the talks had to be held voluntarily in a cordial atmosphere ,\" the court told the UP government and adjourned hearing till January 30.Even though the Supreme Court has been quite lenient in giving more and more time to the UP government to implement its 1981 judgment giving Shias complete rights over the property and asking Sunnis not to trespass, there has been no serious attempt on the part of the administration to implement the judgment. So, for 30 years, the apex court's verdict remained on paper.\"We are just a group of 4,000 to 5,000 people whose votes do not count for the political parties. So, irrespective of who came to power, no government has ever intended to seriously implement the court's order resulting in continuous religious harassment to the community,\" the Shias had been complaining.Shias alleged that the Sunnis were violating the court verdict with impunity and the administration was siding with the violators who are in majority. \"Courts have consistently declared since 1878 that the eight plots belonged to Shias, but it remains unenforced. That is because our community is hopelessly in minority and the whole bureaucracy is siding with Sunnis. Prohibitory orders are being clamped in the area from time to time, not to restrain the Sunnis, but to prevent Shias from enjoying their Wakf property,'' they alleged.The UP government in its latest affidavit said: \"As the disputes in question is around 150 years old and involves sensitive issues between the Shia and Sunni sect of the Muslim community, the state administration has always pressed for a resolution of the same through discussions and negotiations.\"In the October 31 meeting, the parties agreed to bring in writing, the grievances and proposals for the resolution of the dispute by the next meeting, it said.dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17236259", "title": "India embrace tiny moments for big impact at Motera", "text": "AHMEDABAD: When India lost eight Tests on the trot in England and Australia last year, it was expected that senior batsmen would put their hands up and admit they erred.They did say, somewhat reluctantly, that they were outplayed, but added that 'luck' too had played its part.What they meant by 'luck' was the tiny things that sometimes go your way and end up having a huge bearing on the result. On the first day of the first Test against England, Dhoni's men seemed to have got those tiny moments going their way.For one, the strip was to their liking, with the ball not bouncing above knee level. The wear and tear was apparent with the change in the colour of the turf on either side of the bowlers' delivery stride.At one level, that's a simple logic of playing to one's strengths. But unless the curator or the host association plays ball, you can't implement that ploy.Remember Sourav Ganguly didn't get a pitch to his liking in against Australia in 2004. India lost the third Test and with that the chance of levelling the series.Winning the toss in Motera on Thursday came in very handy. Now, India are one good session away from forcing the chances of only two results (India win or draw).One look at the 'fidelity' of the pitch in the initial overs and the visitors had decided that the best way to get wickets in the first session was by bowling within the stumps (bowled and LBW come into play, unless batsmen drag it on).It meant marginal error in the line of attack. England leaked four fours, a six and 26 more runs (48 of 120) on the leg side by lunch, handing India the momentum.England were unlucky to miss out on the services of the injured Finn. And by opting to play Samit Patel instead of Panesar, they have given the opening-day thumbs down to their specialist batsmen.Both England spinners matched each other by starting their spells with full tosses. The question is, barring Cheteshwar Pujara , have other Indian batsmen made the most of the superb start and England's fielding follies?After being 119 for no loss in 27 overs, a score above 350 for three wicket or so was maybe quite within reach. But they ended on 323-4.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17235932", "title": "Nashik Municipal Corporation steps up Godavari project", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) has stepped up the process of finalizing development works under the Godavari Action Plan. The new action plan is being worked out by consultants in the backdrop of Simhastha Kumbh Mela 2014-15.The plan includes ghat development, construction of roads and ring roads, cleanliness, building parking slots including multi-level ones, hospitals etc. The comprehensive action plan for Godavari on the basis of the plan of 1999-2004 for Nashik city (Ramkund to Tapovan) will be an integrated one that will include Trimbakeshwar, Kopargaon, Nashik, Nanded, Sangli and Karad.\"We are in the process of finalizing the project. We have discussed the plan with many experts. Riverfront development, beautification, pollution control measures apart from sewage treatment plants will be part of this project,\" said municipal commissioner Sanjay Khandare. He said that the consultants were asked to convert the initial plan into the new one. \"Every department head has been given a target to submit a list of activities pertaining to their department,\" said Khandare.The NMC has asked sought Rs 2,000 crore from the government for various developmental works under the new Godavari Action Plan. A proposal for the same has been sent to the government. On the lines of the previous Godavari Action Plan, the new proposal has been sent for overall development. Apart from development and beautification works, the NMC has to acquire 300 acres for various infrastructural and development works.The original Godavari Action was announced in 1993, took shape in 1999 and was completed in 2004. An official informed that most of the work was completed during that period like the existing sewage treatment plants, some intersections and diversions, low-cost sanitation, afforestation in some parts along the stretch of the river, New Ganeshwadi pumping station, etc.Officials said that the plan will be ready soon and immediate implementations will be done.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17237243", "title": "Police swarmed with 32k pending passport forms", "text": "BANGALORE: Police verification continues to dog the process of dispensing passports, with the number of pending verification forms with police touching 32,218.An online passport application system was introduced in May 2010 to speed up the process. Though police have cleared more verification forms than those by their counterparts in cities elsewhere in the state, the number of pending cases is also rising.Of the 4.4 lakh verification forms they have received since May 2010, cops have cleared 3.99 lakh.\"The delay is not because of them , but due to mistakes in passport applications. Some passport seekers submit multiple applications . Some others remain absent at their address when the police try to locate them,\" said a police officer in-charge of the verification process. He said there is no clear mention of jurisdictional police station. \"There are cases where people were not found residing at addresses mentioned. Incomplete and incorrect forms too delay the process,\" he said.According to home ministry sources, police received 78,335 verification forms in 2010. The number doubled to 1.81 lakh in 2011. Till November 8 in 2012, it had already touched 1.81 lakh. \"With the number of passport seekers increasing every year, we are facing manpower shortage. The city has 2,000 police personnel from the rank of sub inspectors to the lower ranks. This though is not the major obstacle. Passport seekers should know how to fill applications and mention police station in whose limits their residence falls. This is the main reason for delay . At times, applications meant for police stations outside the city too end up with us,\" the officer said.The home ministry said police receive 750 to 800 verification forms daily. \"There are some police stations which do not get any verification forms, but 30 police stations of the 102 receive them daily. The police get 21 working days to clear forms and another seven days to affix digital signature of DCP (intelligence ) on behalf of the police commissioner,\" the official said.WHY THE MESS?Some submit multiple applications Remain absent at their address No clear mention of jurisdictional police stations Don't stay at mentioned address Incomplete and incorrect entries", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17234184", "title": "I may have to look beyond Formula One, says Narain Karthikeyan", "text": "NEW DELHI: It doesn't take long for fortunes to change in Formula One. Just a couple of weeks back after successfully completing his second Indian Grand Prix, HRT driver Narain Karthikeyan was feeling secure about his future in this ultra-competitive sport.All that has changed in the matter of 48 hours with the Spanish F1 team now put up for sale by their owners Thesan Capital.The investment firm had only taken up a majority share in the team from the Carabante family but have failed to transform the fortunes of the team.If paddock rumours are to be believed, the HRT is getting ready to bench 32 engineers from their staff. It is also heard that talks are on with some Indian and Abu Dhabi-based investors.That however casts a doubt over Karthikeyan's future in Formula One next season.\"The plan for me was to stay with HRT for 2013 as it was looking good all along \u00e2\u20ac\u201d as a team we have been making progress and the design for the 2013 car is reasonably competitive.I was quite sure of everything being in place and thus there was no Plan B,\" Karthikeyan told TOI ahead of this weekend's US Grand Prix.\"But everything has turned on its head in the last 24-48 hours and as you can imagine. The solution won't arrive overnight. I may be forced to look beyond F1 now so looks like it is going to be a very busy off-season,\" he added.Thesan Capital need a influx of about 40 million euros to keep the team afloat. HRT have been suffering from some reliability issues.According to the Spanish media, the situation is so dire in the team that the HRT engineers are concerned that HRT drivers Karthikeyan and Pedro De La Rosa are at the wheels of unsafe cars.\"Everyone knows that motorsport is risky business and you sign up for that the moment you take up racing as a career.But that doesn't mean I am looking for any extra risks in that respect,\" Karthikeyan, who was involved in a massive crash due to a steering failure in Abu Dhabi, said.\"The fact is, if it is apparent that there is an issue and something isn't right then I will be the first one to put my hand up and say that I can't go ahead with this.But as of now things look OK and hopefully we'll complete the remaining two races without any unpleasant surprises,\" the Chennai driver added.Asked if he would be pleased if an Indian buyer does take over the HRT team, Karthikeyan said, \"It'd be great for India and F1 to have a second Indian team.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "17236263", "title": "Haj pilgrims begin their return today", "text": "MALAPPURAM: The state haj committee is all set to receive the haj pilgrims who will begin their return journey from Mecca on Friday. The first team of pilgrims, who went under the supervision of the state haj committee, will land at Karipur airport at 1.30pm.Unlike previous years, this time the return journey of pilgrims is from Medina. The Saudi Arabian Airlines will operate a total of 32 services carrying about 8,800 pilgrims from Medina to Karipur. As many as 384 pilgrims from Mahe and Lakshadweep went for haj via Karipur, which was the embarkation point to them. This time the pilgrims need not travel from Medina to Jeddah airport as Saudi Arabian Airlines is operating the return flight directly from Medina to Kozhikode without connecting Jeddah. The last return flight will reach the airport on November 29.As part of the preparations, special counters for customs and immigration clearances have been opened at the domestic terminal of the airport. This time the pilgrims need not carry holy water (Zam Zam Water) during their return journey. Haj committee has made arrangements to distribute 10 litres of water to each pilgrim when they leave the airport.The state haj committee chairman T M Bappu Musaliyar said the Zam Zam water for pilgrims have already reached the airport. Last year, the pilgrims could collect the holy water only days after their arrival.The haj committee has reviewed the arrangements made at the airport and at the committee office at a meeting held at the committee office on Thursday evening.Minister for haj P K Kunhalikkutty and the state haj committee chairman will receive the first team of pilgrims at the airport. Haj committee members also would be present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17234641", "title": "Anointing of sick with holy oil at Pilar today", "text": "PANAJI: There will be a special anointing of the sick with holy oil in Pilar on November 16 during the 3.45pm Mass. Priests will be available for confession from 3.15pm onwards. Vehicles will be allowed to drop the sick and the infirm near the pandal. Free passes for seat reservation close to the altar for the sick are available in Pilar. All devotees attending the special mass will be anointed will holy oil with a special prayer. There will be no mass at 5pm, while the 6.15pm Mass will be in English. This service is being held as part of the preparations for the 85th death anniversary of Venerable Fr Agnelo D'Souza. The novena to pray for a first class miracle to declare Fr Agnel a saint began on November 11. Rev Peter Machado, bishop of Belgaum, will preside over the high Mass on November 20 at 9.30am.Gospel conventions at Panaji, MARGAO: The Association of Crusaders for Jesus with Mary will organize gospel mass conventions at Panaji and Margao. The convention at Panaji will be conducted at the Azad Maidan on November 16 and 17, from 6pm onwards. It will be held at Margao at the multipurpose grounds in Gogol-Borda from November 19 to 21, from 6pm onwards.Art exhibition: Indira Pai Anglo will hold an art exhibition on November 18 at Black Box, Ravindra Bhavan, Margao, at 5pm. The exhibition is an effort to appreciate the talent of students and also encourage them to pursue their interest in drawing and painting, states a press note. The exhibition will be preceded by the launch of Art and design community.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17235948", "title": "Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited employees to strike over colleague's murder", "text": "INDORE: BSNL employees will observe a day-long nationwide strike. The agitating staff is demanding arrests of the accused, immediate suspension and repatriation to DOT of GM Adesh Kumar Gupta.Cash counters, CSCs and other establishments of the state-run telecom firm are expected to remain closed. The agitation is being held to protest the alleged murder of a BSNL employee in the BSNL GM's chamber in Ghaziabad earlier this month. Prakash Sharma informed that the strike is being held across the country.When contacted, the BSNL Indore GM, G C Pandey maintained that all services will be maintained by the BSNL.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17239291", "title": "Closely consulting with India on Iran: US", "text": "WASHINGTON: United States is consulting closely with India and other countries including China on the issue of Iran, a senior State Department official has said.\"Obviously, you know, we're consulting very closely with the government of India.\"You know, this is a process by which we're working with our partners around the globe, all in the same cause, which is putting increased pressure on Iran to come clean and to address international concerns about its nuclear program,\" the State Department spokesman Mark Toner told reporters at his daily news conference on Thursday.The United States he said has provided \"India a waiver\", under the Iranian sanctions act, as New Delhi reduced its dependence on Iranian crude.\"That waiver I think still remains in effect,\" he said. \"We are well aware in our strategic dialogue with India of India's very real concerns about energy and, you know, we're obviously working with them to address those concerns,\" he said in response to a question.Similar consultations are ongoing with China too, he said. \"China, a member of the P-5 plus one group, we're all committed to seeing Iran address international concerns about its nuclear program, and so we're working with them to that end,\" Toner said.\"Goal of these actions or sanctions are to increase pressure on Iran.\"It is an ongoing conversation we're having with China, with India, other global partners on how to cut off dependence on Iranian crude, look at other energy sources that can fill their needs and put pressure on Iran,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17234963", "title": "132 cases of dengue reported in Bokaro", "text": "BOKARO: A three-member team of the Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR), Ranchi visited the district to assess the situation following the outbreak of dengue here. In te past couple of months four persons died of dengue while 132 others were reportedly suffering from the disease in the district, which is highest in the state.According to the district health department, as many as 132 suspected dengue patients have been identified in the district till Thursday. Of them, the department had collected 37 blood samples and sent them for tests at RIMS, Ranchi of which 17 samplers have been tested positive for dengue. In past 10 days, 17 suspected dengue patients have been admitted to Bokaro General Hospital (BGH).The ICMR team comprising senior research scientist Mahua Dasgupta, laboratory staff Julfikar Ali Bhutto and Saurabh Kumar visited BGH and met the dengue patients admitted in the ward. They also collected blood samples of 13 patients at BGH. Later, they visited Sector-II area and met residents there. Dasgupta said they are satisfied with the preventive action taken by the health officials in the dengue-prone areas.\"The activity related to prevention was conducted affectively by the health department staff. To create awareness about the disease, the health staff distributed pamphlets and made announcement on loud speakers in the area and residents are following those instructions properly. However, stagnant water was found at various nooks and corners of the town. Chemicals were sprayed at mosquito-breeding sites besides fogging,\" Dasgupta said.She added that the district health officials have also burnt coconut shells found scattered at many places in Sector-II as water gets stored in these shells and become breeding centre for Aedis mosquito resulting in spread of the disease there. Dasgupta also said till now the maximum dengue cases have been reported from Bokaro and Pakur with the former reporting the highest number of patients.Additional chief medical officer Arjun Prasad said the first case of suspected dengue case was reported in August but since October the number of patients started increasing. As many as 69 cases were reported in October and by November 57 cases of dengue have reached BGH. Except five patients, all other patients have been admitted and administered treatment at BGH. The BGH management is sending a daily report on the dengue patients to the health department. The government hospital is equipped with testing kits to handle dengue cases but not a single patient has turned up yet. A majority of patients are residents of urban areas.\"Apart from Bokaro, the suspected dengue patients from Dhanbad, Purulia ( West Bengal ) and Giridih have also come to BGH. One person from Mauritius who is suffering the disease has been admitted in BGH. He was here to meet his relatives but became sick and was admitted to the hospital,\" said Prasad. The health department is taking all necessary precaution to make people aware of the epidemic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17235175", "title": "16 vehicles damaged in clash in Kothrud", "text": "PUNE: As many as 16 vehicles were damaged in a clash between two groups over a previous dispute at Sutardara in Kothrud on Wednesday night. Three people were injured in the attack.Inspector (crime) Shrikant Navale of the Kothrud police station said that Amit Khondalkar and his brother had allegedly assaulted one of the suspects of the rival group. Around seven suspects from the group decided to revenge the affront. They tried to trace the duo, but in vain.Under the influence of liquor, the suspects then damaged 16 vehicles and attacked Sachin Kaigude and his two of his friends with sharp weapons in Sutardara, Navale stated. Three suspects were arrested, while police teams were fanned out to trace the remaining suspects, he added. tnnKaigude has registered a complaint of rioting and attempted murder against the suspects under relevant sections of the Indian Penal Code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17232539", "title": "Gagan Narang for shooting academy", "text": "Gagan Narang, we learn, has forwarded a proposal to the Sports Authority of Andhra Pradesh for starting a shooting academy in Hyderabad.The Olympic medallist says, \"We are awaiting approval. The state has immense potential that can be tapped.\"When asked if it would be on the same lines as the Pune academy, he says, \"In Maharashtra, there are over 1,000 shooters, whereas in Hyderabad, the number is still minuscule. So, until the numbers grow here, we will have a feeder academy that will rotate coaches to the one in the city.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17234246", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation apathy to mutation process hits property tax collection", "text": "NAGPUR: Nagpur Municipal Corporation has added to your worries of galloping expenditure by hiking the property tax too. While you may be unhappy over this development, there are over 1.5 lakh property owners in the city least bothered about it. The reason is simple: their properties do not exist in Nagpur Municipal Corporation's (NMC's) records. The 5.33 lakh plus property owners will pay for this lapse.The property owners are certainly to blame but the NMC officials are bigger culprits. Not only have they never taken any interest in bringing the these owners into tax net but they also do their best to harass the citizens who apply for mutation. NMC can levy tax on new property only after mutation. By delaying the mutation, NMC officials are reducing civic body's revenue and making existing tax payers share a higher burden.With NMC's expenditure increasing sharply due to large number of projects under Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM), it is hard pressed for revenue. Every year NMC collects only half of the property tax target set in the budget. Standing committee chairperson Dayashankar Tiwari, while presenting the budget for 2012-13, had said that unless property tax collection was increased, the city's development would be affected.Ravindra Kumbhare, additional deputy municipal commissioner (ADMC), then convened a meeting of all zone assistant commissioners and told them to make tax collectors in their area assess minimum 75 new properties each working day. However, the directive was not taken seriously. Hence municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane pulled up all zone commissioners last week. He also reprimanded them for the large number of mutation cases pending in their zones.NMC has cleared 1,471 cases this fiscal while 733 cases are pending - more than 45 days have lapsed since the applications were received. Another 2,506 applications have been received.Vedprakash Arya, former NCP party leader in NMC, who had launched a campaign against irregularities in Property Tax department in the regime, termed these measures an eyewash. \"If the commissioner is really serious about speeding up the mutation process, he should set aside a day in a month for those who have not been issued a mutation document within 45 days as mandated in law. If that is not possible he should install a complaint box in his office for such cases,\" Arya demanded.\"It is common knowledge that you cannot get mutation done without greasing palms. If the commissioner, mayor or standing chairman want to expedite the process it is very easy. Last year, I had sought information under RTI on how many applications were received for mutation, on which date and when they were given to the application. In case more documents were needed, when was a notice issued. The officials did not give me the information till the end of the last regime but, scared of being exposed, they expedited the mutation process. When I can do this, why can't those in power,\" he asked.BOXZones Registered PropertiesResidential Non-ResidentialTotalLaxmi Nagar 63874868772,561Dharampeth 32669458337252Hanuman Nagar 66028539071418Dhantoli 16921708324004Nehru Nagar 52498628358781Gandhibagh 216431064832291Satranjipura 32296669038986Lakadganj 715161255184067Asi Nagar 60733594466677Mangalwari 42113546347576Total number of registered properties is 5,33,613", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17236041", "title": "HC issues notice to Censor Board", "text": "HYDERABAD: Justice CV Nagarjuna Reddy of the AP high court on Wednesday sought to know within four days from the Censor Board as to how it accorded permission to screen Telugu film-Denikaina Ready- which allegedly insults Brahmins.The judge was responding to a petition filed by Chakkilam Raghunatha Rao, a resident of Hyderabad, who found fault with the censor authorities for having cleared the movie despite it containing several objectionable scenes offending Brahmin caste.He sought cancellation of the censor certificate issued to the film. He included Manchu Vishnu, the lead actor, and producer Mohan Babu, as respondents. The judge issued notices to them also and posted the case to November 19 for hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17235176", "title": "Where\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s the Rs 1.76L crore, Congress asks CAG after 2G auction flop", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Congress on Thursday seized on the low yields of the 2G spectrum auction to attack the federal auditor's Rs 1.76 lakh crore revenue loss projection, setting the stage for another round of bitter feuding with the opposition.After the Supreme Court-ordered 2G auction yielded just Rs 9,407 crore, information and broadcasting minister Manish Tewari hit out at the comptroller and auditor general, saying, \"Mr CAG , where is the 1.76 lakh crore? I think it is time for some serious introspection.\"He also attacked the main opposition BJP, saying, \"It is high time the BJP and some of the other opposition parties, which had made this their holy grail and swansong of politics over the last two years, publicly apologize.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17236338", "title": "Kokrajhar toll rises to six, Army called in", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Army was called out on Thursday and an indefinite curfew clamped in Kokrajhar district as the Bodo heartland slipped into a state of lawlessness with one more person shot dead and another seriously injured after being stabbed. The new violence has so far claimed six lives.Although CM Tarun Gogoi tried to play down the renewed violence, his administration was forced to gear up following a phone call to the CM's office by PM Manmohan Singh. \"Curfew has been clamped and we are taking all steps to check violence,\" Gogoi said.On Thursday, an unidentified assailant shot dead Nirsan Basumatary, a Bodo businessman, at Gossaigaon in Kokrajhar district, while a vegetable seller was stabbed at a market in Kokrajhar. The injured, identified as Abul Kalam, was critical in a hospital.On Tuesday, a woman was killed while a school teacher was shot dead in Kokrajhar district on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17235035", "title": "NISER's Jatni campus to be ready in six months", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Part of the sprawling National Institute of Science Education and Research (NISER) campus at Jatni is likely to be ready by another six months.\"The Green House and two hostels are nearing completion. Once the Green House is ready, it will be of immense use for practical classes in biological sciences. We will start ferrying students from the temporary campus to Jatni for practicals once the Green House is ready,\" NISER registrar Dr Abhay Kumar Naik told TOI on Thursday.One double-occupancy and another single-occupancy hostel of total 500 rooms are nearing completion too. But students will not be shifted in haste before proper arrangements of security and drinking water are in place, Naik said. The state government is supposed to provide water to NISER and IIT campus near it using a common pipeline from Naraj.Rain water harvesting and natural day lighting will be prominent \"green\" features of NISER, which is an institute under the Department of Atomic Energy (DAE). Each hostel room has an open-to-sky courtyard. Solar energy will be used to provide hot bath water to the hostels while sewer water will recycled for gardening after being treated at a sewerage treatment plant, the registrar said. The hilly campus has already planted 1,500 saplings of local trees such as Ashoka , Jamun, Kadam and Neem while it has provisions of green patches next to each block.The NISER campus, coming up at on 298 acres land near Jatni, has a commissioning deadline of July 2014. Coming up with an estimated project cost of Rs 457 crore, the campus would have a prayer hall on the hill top, five schools of different specialties, nine hostels of 250 rooms each, two aquatic centres, a healthcare centre, a primary school, an animal house and a guest house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17235489", "title": "Mumbai boy at \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcgreen games\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 in Germany", "text": "MUMBAI: One of the most important issues facing the world at present is the deteriorating condition of the environment and this was the focus of an education programme held in Germany recently. Fifty university students from 19 emerging and developing countries in Latin America, Africa and Asia were selected from 1,400 people who participated in an \"eco-Olympic Games\" in their home countries.A week-long field trip to North Rhine-Westphalia in Germany was organized by Bayer AG and the United Nations Environment Protection Programme ( UNEP) as part of their global partnership.\"Through this environmental envoy programme we have created an international network where people can exchange ideas,\" said Patrick Thomas, chairman of the board of management of Bayer Material Science, at the opening symposium. Swapnil Kokate (23), a student of Institute of Chemical Technology in Matunga, invented an electricity-free egg incubator, which can help hatch eggs even in the absence of power.Accompanying him from IIT-Delhi was Gaurav Maheshwari (21), who is working on decentralized waste-water treatment facilities for rural areas.The \"Bayer young environmental leader award\" was presented to three students\u00e2\u20ac\u201done each from Costa Rica, Kenya and Vietnam. The award honours outstanding environmental projects that demonstrate innovation, impact and sustainability.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17234870", "title": "AIFF denies Zambia permission to tour Goa", "text": "PANAJI: The All India Football Federation (AIFF) has refused permission to the Zambia national team to train in Goa, prompting the African Cup of Nations champions to look elsewhere.The Football Association of Zambia (FAZ) were keen on a 10-day training tour to Goa starting November 19 but the AIFF said it was not possible to make all the arrangements, including scheduling of friendlies, at this time of the year.\"We have the I-League in full flow. It would have been next to impossible to slot any matches during the November 19-29 period which Zambia were scheduled to train here,\" a senior official of the AIFF told TOI on Thursday.The Zambian national football team, who took everyone by surprise by winning the 2012 African Cup of Nations in Gabon and Equatorial Guinea earlier this year, had trained in Goa last year and were pleased with the facilities.The African champions wanted to visit Goa again and were being sponsored by Konkola Copper Mines, a subsidiary of Vedanta Resources who own Sesa Goa , but the dates could not be accommodated.\"Due to unforeseen circumstances, the training trip to the Indian state of Goa is canceled,\" the association said in a statement.Zambia, though, will still go ahead with their 10-day training tour, and if reports are to be believed, they might settle for a Middle Eastern country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17235601", "title": "Fruits, vegetables prices to go north", "text": "PATNA: Come festivals and prices of vegetables and fruits start soaring. And this Chhath is no exception. As if the increased petroleum prices were not enough to dampen the festival spirit, prices of vegetables and fruits are likely to double in this weekend.Since non-veg are a strict no-no in most of the Hindu families during Chhath, vegetables are in high demand and low supply.A fruit seller at Bazar Samiti, Pawan Yadav said, \"The frequent petrol and diesel price hike has increased the transportation cost leading to hike in vegetable and fruits prices.\"Generally, people buy five fruits for offering 'arghya'. Since most of the devotees and their families buy fruits in the morning of the first 'arghya', markets get flooded with fruits and sellers set their own price tag with buyers having no space to bargain.The prices of vegetables are likely to go north on Saturday, the day of 'Nahai Khai'. Pumpkin is an important vegetable on that day. Selling at Rs 20 per kg on normal days, its price can increase manifold depending on the demand. \"Usually we sell it at almost twice or thrice the existing price. This year would be no different,\" said Hareshwar Yadav, a vegetable vendor at Anta Ghat.Even the price of cucumber, cabbage, cauliflower, brinjal, red spinach is expected to be almost double throughout the festival. \"By Saturday, fruits and vegetables would start selling at the increased price,\" Ijaz Ali, a fruit vendor at I-T roundabout told TOI.Another fruit seller at Kadamkuan said, \"The price hike would also depend on the demand for the fruits. The price of banana, orange, custard apple, apple, pear, sugarcane, guava and coconut would get almost double.\"The price of other fruits would also increase by Rs 10 to Rs 20 in different localities, he added.Banana, which is selling at about Rs 30 per dozen at I-T roundabout, is likely to be costlier by Rs 15-20. \"We bring banana mostly from Hajipur and a few varieties from Purnia and Araria,\" said Md Asif, a fruit vendor on Boring Road. Custard apple and pear would go up to Rs 200 and Rs 160 per kg, respectively, more than double their present prices.However, shelling out more on such items is nothing new for Patnaites. \"The price hike has no effect on the amount of fruits and vegetables we buy during Chhath,\" said Shipra Jha, a resident of Kadamkuan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17239523", "title": "Dr Ami Bera comes to Washington; third Indian-American elected to Congress", "text": "WASHINGTON: An Indian-American physician from California has become only the third person of Indian-origin to be elected to the US House of Representatives, attesting to the incremental progress the thriving community is making in politics and public life in America.The Sacramento County Registrar of Voters announced on Friday that Ami Bera had increased his lead to 2.2 per cent against sitting Congressman Dan Lungren in last week's election, surging ahead by 5,696 votes after the latest round of counting, a margin Bera and his supporters think is insurmountable. The regular counting without absentee ballots and provisional votes had seen the two rivals less than 200 votes apart.\"Today's update shows that we've processed another 38,510 ballots since Tuesday's update. This leaves an estimated 7,782 vbm (vote by mail) and of course the 31,000 provisional ballots left to process,\" the County Registrar said. Next update is scheduled for Monday.But Associated Press and the local media, not to speak of Bera himself, called the race for the Indian-American Democrat, for whom this was a second shot at the seat. \"It's increasingly clear that the voters of Sacramento County want new leadership that puts the people first. Our lead continues to widen and we are confident that this election will be resolved in our favor,\" Bera said in a statement.Lungren is yet to concede the race, but Bera is already in Washington DC for an orientation course for new lawmakers, which incidentally is being led by a committee headed by Lungren. Earlier this week, Bera, who describes himself as a Unitarian, attended the White House Diwali celebration along with Tulsi Gabbard, another newly elected lawmaker from Hawaii who is a self-described Hindu-American.Bera is only the third Indian elected to the US Congress after Dalip Singh Saund, who was a mathematician with farming interests, and Bobby Jindal , who is a health policy expert and currently governor of Louisiana. Saund in fact was the first person of non-Abrahamic faith elected to the U.S Congress and the only Indian-American so far to clock three terms.Like his Indian-American predecessors, Bera too has an impressive academic record in keeping with the community's cachet. He earned a bachelor's degree in biological sciences from the University of California at Irvine, and went on to get an MD in 1991. He served as Associate Dean for Admissions at the UC Davis School of Medicine and later as the Chief Medical Officer for the County of Sacramento. His wife Janine is also a physician and they have a 14-year young daughter, Sydra.\"As a first generation American, born and raised in California, the promise of America has been the story of my life,\" Bera told voters in his election pitch, promising to work for a \"more compassionate, sensible, and sustainable America.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17235402", "title": "'No raw material to repair roads in south: Executive engineer of municipal corporation", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The city roads are to be repaired and re-carpeted every five years, but several roads in the city in both commercial and residential areas have not only crossed the stipulated period, but haven't been looked at for about seven to 10 years.The worst affected are the southern sectors with many such roads demanding attention. Some of these stretches include the road leading to motor market in Sector 38, inner roads of residential areas in sectors 38 and 37-C, internal roads of sector 29, roads of Industrial Area Phase-I.Amrik Singh, president of Sector 38 motor market told TOI that the road leading to the market was constructed around 10 years ago. \"I have written over 15 letters to the officials concerned, but all my efforts to draw their attention have gone in vain,\" he said.Municipal councillor Arun Sood said, \"The engineering wing of the UT is not providing market rates to contractors, and this has halted many developmental works in the city. Money is being wasted in advertisement of tenders, but no development works are being witnessed on ground.\"Deputy mayor Satish Kainth said the lackadaisical attitude of engineering wing officials is to blame for the pathetic condition of city roads. \"There are around a dozen roads in my ward which haven't been repaired in the last seven to eight years,\" he added.An executive engineer with the municipal corporation Jaipal Singh said the high rates of raw material have posed an acute shortage of the same. \"We are scrutinizing old financial estimates of the materials and will definitely try to start the work,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17235652", "title": "Bhai Dooj: Online shopping adds zing to the festivity", "text": "CHANDIGARH: There may be a thousand merits of the internet, but its ability to mend distances and garner bonds of love comes forth on festivals like Bhai Dooj. Giving an insight into the growing acceptance among Indians for online shopping, Thursday proved how brothers and sisters used the services of the web world to spread smiles on each others' faces.Manpreet Kaur, who has been living in the city because of her job, was surprised when a parcel reached her house on Bhai Dooj.\"My brother has been in US from last three years. We used to wish each other online on all festivals so far. But, I had not expected a gift from him on Bhai Dooj. It was a pleasant surprise,\" said Manpreet, hugging the five feet tall teddy she got from her brother along with chocolates.Harun Verma, an engineering student from Mohali sent a surprise gift to his newly-wed sister in Bangalore. \"Having married recently, my sister is very fond of saris these days. And when I saw an advertisement for online saris on my Facebook account, it immediately struck that I should send her one as a gift,\" said Harun, who got a sari of his choice delivered to his sister in Bangalore.It is not just brothers who have taken the online way of surprising with gifts, but even sisters made sure to brighten their brothers' faces by sending surprise \"tilak\" and gifts on Bhai Dooj.Sector 32 resident Manju Grewal said she sent \"tilak\" placed in a designer thali along with her brother's favourite \"Kaju Barfi\". \"This was the first Bhai Dooj when we were not together as he is studying out of station. I had to make this day special for him and the online wishes worked,\" she added.What has been drawing more and more online shoppers are the great deals being offered on shopping websites.\"The prices are much less than the market price and there are many free gifts, reward points and discount codes on offer. I got a box of chocolates free along with a watch I sent to my brother. So, shopping online makes the experience special,\" said Sector 9 resident Deepika Sharma of Chandigarh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17234136", "title": "BCCI to pay Rs 120 crore as damages to Zee", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) will pay over Rs 120 crore as damages to Zee Entertainment Enterprises for \"arbitrarily\" terminating in 2007 its five-year contract with the TV channel for telecast rights of India's cricket matches played abroad.A three-member arbitral tribunal comprising two former Chief Justices of India, A S Anand and Y K Sabharwal, and retired Supreme Court judge B N Srikrishna said, \"In our view, the claimant (Zee) is entitled to be awarded damages in view of illegal and unlawful termination of agreement by the respondent (BCCI) and also on account of illegal blacklisting.\"Zee and BCCI had signed an agreement on April 12, 2006 by which the TV channel was given exclusive telecast, radio broadcast and internet rights of overseas matches up to March 31, 2011. But after the Zee TV group started the Indian Cricket League (ICL), things turned sour between the contracting parties.BCCI sought to terminate the contract with Zee on May 31, 2007. On June 21, 2007, BCCI wrote to its affiliates declaring ICL to be an 'unapproved tournament' and sought action against players, office-bearers and affiliates associated with the T20 league.Zee invoked arbitration, complaining that \"introduction and implementation of ICL became a reason for BCCI proceeding against Zee in a completely arbitrary, discriminatory, unlawful and illegal fashion in relation to the rights of Zee under the global telecast rights for overseas matches to be played by India in terms of the agreement dated April 12, 2006\".Zee's counsel, senior advocate Maninder Singh, told the tribunal, \"BCCI went to the extent of sacking one of the greatest cricket players produced by India, namely Kapil Dev , who had volunteered to guide and help the ICL in its efforts for betterment of the game of cricket.\"Zee had sought Rs 480 crore from 2007 as damages. The tribunal accepted the argument that BCCI had illegally terminated the contract causing loss to the TV channel but did a re-calculation.It asked BCCI to return Rs 30 crore security deposit with 11% interest from May 31, 2007. It also asked BCCI to pay Rs 81.36 crore in a month failing which the sum would attract 11% penal interest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17236676", "title": "On agadish Shettar's home turf, B S Yeddyurappa set to woo minorities", "text": "HUBLI: In another show of strength ahead of his new party launch on December 9 in Haveri, rebel BJP leader and former CM B S Yeddyurappa has decided to hold a minority community convention in chief minister Jagadish Shettar's home turf on December 2.The idea is to woo minority voters in north Karnataka and strengthen his new party base applying the Lingayat-Minorities-Dalit formula. Yeddyurappa, who is banking on the support of Lingayats to fight the 2013 elections, has set his sights on minorities. He is also planning a dalit convention.At recent public functions, Yeddyurappa tried striking a chord with the minorities saying: \"I am the one who can fight for the cause of minorities and bring them to the mainstream of society\". His emotional words appeared to have had some impact on the minority leaders in Congress and JD(S).Senior Congress leader and former minister Jabbar Khan Honnalli is one among them. Yeddyurappa held two rounds of talks with Honnalli to woo him to join KJP and contest against Shettar in the upcoming assembly elections from Hubli Central constituency. And it seems to have paid off. Honnalli, who is also president, Anjuman-E-Islam, cleared the air and said: \"I have decided to join Yeddyurappa's new party and am overseeing the preparations for the convention.'' Other leaders of the minority community, too, are expected to officially join KJP at the rally.However, it remains to be seen whether Yeddyurappa will resign before he participates in the convention. A senior leader said he is confident the former CM will quit before the meet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17234393", "title": "Never crossed the line, says Dempo coach Armando", "text": "NEW DELHI: Dempo coach Armando Colaco's trip to the Capital came in the wake of him being slapped with a show-cause notice by the All India Football Federation for \"trying to enter the pitch forcibly\" during an I-League match against East Bengal in Kolkata on November 3.The most successful club coach in the country \u00e2\u20ac\u201d with five national league titles in his trophy cabinet \u00e2\u20ac\u201d is in New Delhi for Dempo's game agaist ONGC in the sixth round of I-League at the Ambedkar Stadium on Friday.Talking to TOI on Thursday, Colaco sounded rather perturbed with the turn of events. \"I have done nothing wrong. If I did, then the referee or the fourth official could have stopped me or warned me then and there and the issue could have been resolved.\"A reply to the show-cause is on the cards as Colaco said, \"If I don't reply, then the issue will drag. I will make my position clear.\" The Goan stressed that in his long career, both as player and coach, he has consciously avoided \"crossing the line.\"When pointed out that in a recent interview to a website, he said that Indian football had stagnated and blamed the AIFF for bringing things to such a pass, he said, \"It is absolutely incorrect.What I said \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and I want to get it clear once and for all \u00e2\u20ac\u201d was we all need to work on grassroots programmes, educating the coaches and having a long-term plan. These are basic guidelines. I have never blamed the AIFF.We all have to work together. If I blame the AIFF, then it is also our responsibility as coaches who have failed to deliver. It is never one person's job.\"On the more immediate job at hand \u00e2\u20ac\u201d getting three points from the ONGC game \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Colaco seemed quite confident even though his strike force is a bit depleted. African import Koko Sakibo is sidelined with injury, so is homegrown star Joachim Abranches.\"It's part of our club's culture that we never let us get influenced by absences. Ryuji Suoka is in fine form. Anthony Pereira has also found the net for us as has Climax Lawrence and Clifford Miranda. It is all about our team.\"Dempo's last outing against Lajong FC showed what Suoka is capable of when his brace led to a 4-1 victory. It remains to be seen if coach Armando Colaco picks Rohan Ricketts \u00e2\u20ac\u201d an Arsenal youth academy product and a former Tottenham striker \u00e2\u20ac\u201d in the starting line-up.Ricketts has only played as a substitute. Dempo's marauding form and reputation \u00e2\u20ac\u201d they are unbeaten so far in the league and lead the table with 13 points from 5 games \u00e2\u20ac\u201d is enough to spread alarm in the ONGC ranks.But Subrata Bhattacharya's men have stopped Okolie Odafe's Mohun Bagan last week. The stalemate against Bagan must have done their confidence a world of good. ONGC's growing reputation as tricky customers has not gone unnoticed.Dempo coach Colaco mentioned their exploits against Bagan and United SC. His team has come prepared.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17235971", "title": "Ghazipur cops all set to go online", "text": "VARANASI: All the 23 police stations of Ghazipur district are set to go online by December 25 as part of the pilot project to introduce Crime Criminal Tracking Network System (CCTNS) in the state.Though arrangements in this regard are in the final phase, many crucial issues required to make CCTNS a success are yet to be resolved. The Ghazipur district of Varanasi zone owns the distinction of being the first district of East UP where the process of launching CCTNS started last July.The same process was launched in all other districts of the state by August 14, but in the initial phase, the police stations of only three districts, viz Ghazipur, Lucknow and Moradabad will go online.As the seats in district level computer labs for training policemen are limited, the training of personnel from three pilot districts is underway in 47 districts of the state. The policemen from Ghazipur district are being trained to handle software and programmes of CCTNS in 15 districts.The technical staff looking after the process of site preparations including computerisation of police stations, district level monitoring and data collection centers, revealed that as per the prescribed norms, training for 20 percent of the total officers from ASP to sub-inspector rank and 10 percent of the total strength of head constables and constables is a must before the final launching of CCTNS in any district.As per this norm, they said, the training of 80 officers and constables is yet to be completed. Apart from role-based training like filing of online FIR, general dairy and other legal documents, the cops also have to receive training of Core Application Software (CAS) and some other software operations. After the basic training of one week, they said the cops would get separate training of CAS for four days.The ADG (law and order) Arun Kumar, who is also looking after CCTNS implementation in the state, has convened a meeting of gazetted officers from IG to deputy SP rank at Lucknow from Saturday, confirmed the DIG Range A Satish Ganesh, revealing four circle officers from Ghazipur will also take part in the proposed meeting. The proposed meeting-cum-training programme for these officials would be aimed at imparting theoretical as well as practical knowledge of CAS.Apart from these exercises, the laying of cable by BSNL to connect all the police stations with district police office and state headquarters through virtual private network (VPN) has also been completed in the state but configuration of modems and computerisation is yet to be completed. In the pilot project, the CCTNS was installed at Kapsethi police station and two other police stations of Lucknow and Gautam Buddh Nagar in 2011.These police stations are being monitored at state level. However, the customization of the programme of CCTNS as per the requirement of UP police has not been done so far, said the technical staff.In view of CCTNS, in which keeping computers on-line round the clock is a must, the police stations are also being provided invertors and generator sets. But no provision of budget to purchase fuel for operating generators has been made so far.Due to the same reason, the computers are not on round-the-clock at Kapsethi police station, which has already become the part of CCTNS.How will Ghazipur police arrange the same funds when no such provision had been made in their 2012-13 budget? Besides, after the company helping the state police in training, installation of hardware and software completes its one year contract, who will look after the maintenance and troubleshooting? The DIG said issues like these would be raised during the proposed meeting for timely resolutions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17235339", "title": "Shift in Ganga course &amp; Chhath venues", "text": "PATNA: The Ganga ghats in Patna are still the preferred place for thousands of Chhath devotees to offer 'arghya' to the setting and rising Sun despite the shifting river course over the years. But, a sizeable number of urban populace now find it difficult to trek long distances and prefer to perform Chhath rituals at makeshift water bodies like ponds or lakes or remain confined to their rooftops.Though the shifting of a river course is a natural phenomenon, it has become more pronounced during the last three decades.It has been estimated that the river Ganga first shifted its course 0.54km away from Patna in 1975-76, followed by 1.2km shift between Digha and LCT ghats between 1989 and 1996. It further shifted 2.7km between Kurji and Rajapul ghats after 1990. And, it has further shifted by one kilometre during the last one decade.\"The Ganga shifted its natural course near Patna and went away over two kilometres from the city as a result of ever-increasing siltation,\" said Kanhaiya Choubey, a resident of LCT Ghat area.Moreover, the rising pollution level in the Ganga has kept away devotees from the river. Last year, a number of women, who took a dip in the Ganga while performing Chhath rituals, were infected with viruses of different kinds and, consequently, had to remain confined to bed consuming antibiotics for days together. Some women also developed skin-related diseases. The river water has been declared unfit for drinking and taking a dip into it. Samples of the river water tested in different research laboratories have found the presence of coliform bacteria. This is mainly due to the indiscriminate discharge of untreated sewage into the river, said Geological Survey of India's retired director N Dayal.The current sewerage network and the STPs in Patna are insufficient to cater to the requirements of the city. Patna presently generates around 350MLD (million litres per day) of sewage, which gets treated at four STPs having a combined capacity of 109MLD. The STP at Saidpur has a capacity to treat 45MLD, another at Beur can treat 35MLD while the STP at Pahadi has a capacity of 25MLD and that at Karmalichuk has a capacity of 4MLD only. The rest goes into the river untreated. As about 29 drains in the capital discharge 350 million litres of sewage into the Ganges every day, the river's water has become highly contaminated.The National Ganga River Basin Authority member and environmental science department head of Central University of Bihar (CUB), Ravindra Kumar Sinha, expressed concern over the increasing pollution in the river. Reducing flow of water in the river, ever increasing siltation, dumping of solid wastes and encroachment on river bed by private parties for construction purposes have all been proving disastrous for the river's health. He pleaded for protection of all the wetlands in the Ganga basin for saving the river.The much trumpeted Ganga Action Plan has miserably failed to check the pollution of the Ganga water. If the present situation does not improve, people would soon desert the river for Chhath or other festivals, said Anamika, a resident of Kankarbagh Colony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "17235363", "title": "Power shift: Xi Jinping takes charge in China, ignores both Marx and Mao in his speech", "text": "BEIJING: Xi Jinping assumed control as the most powerful man in China on Thursday, taking over as the Communist Party general secretary and the head of the Central Military Commission from incumbent Hu Jintao , completing a once-in-decade leadership transition institutionalized in 2002. Xi will become China's next president in March 2013 while Hu set the important precedent of not retaining military leadership after retirement, reducing scope for future leaders to influence party functioning well into their old age.Hu's decision to fade out and refuse CMC leadership after retirement in March will greatly assist Xi, who will be able to wield absolute control in tackling the big challenges that include, apart from the economy, corruption and the Tibetan turmoil, tense dealings with Japan over disputed islands and China's tug-of-war with the US.Xi, 59, led his new team at a specially convened press conference demonstrating that the powerful Standing Committee of the Political Bureau has been reduced from nine to seven members, concentrating authority and command in fewer hands, and streamlining decision-making by consensus.His speech, with no mention of Marx or Mao , contained less ideological parlance and more of plain talk about everyday realities about employment and housing issues.\"The party faces great challenges but would work to meet expectations of both history and the people,\" a relaxed-looking Xi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17239476", "title": "Priyadarshan's advice to 'Theevram' director", "text": "With Dulquer Salmaan's Theevram hitting theatres in Kerala today, it seems to be a nervous as well as exciting day for its director Roopesh Peethambaran. However, to ease off the tension, the debutant filmmaker had got some advice from National Award-winner Priyadarshan .\"Priyan sir told me I shouldn't worry if Theevram becomes a hit or a flop, instead I should be concerned if people would remember it as a good film. I told him I was confident about Theevram,\" posted the director on his social networking account.The thriller, that tells the story of a young man and his outburst at the society, also stars Sreenivasan, Anu Mohan, Vishnu Raghav and Shikha Nair.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17235181", "title": "Businessman denied bail in 24 crore cheating case", "text": "MUMBAI: In a case where the Bombay high court adopted a tough stand, Justice R C Chavan has rejected the bail plea of a businessman accused of cheating a jewellery designer of ornaments worth over Rs 24 crore.The court observed that \"his temptation to jump bail may not be underestimated, considering the high value of items allegedly misappropriated and his past involvement in similar crime\".The court also observed that a change in statements of witnesses after the arrest of the accused showed his \"clout\" and that weighed against his release on bail. The accused, Ashok Jain, who owns a jewellery shop in Santa Cruz, sought extension of a bail granted to him earlier by a sessions court on medical grounds after he said he had to be treated for cancer. The judge said, \"There is nothing to show that the applicant cannot be treated while in custody. In view of this, there is no merit in the application. It is rejected.\" But on a request made Jain's counsel Amit Desai and Ashok Sarogi, the judge extended the medical bail by four weeks to enable him to do tests.The court said that, \"The possibility of two witnesses again changing their track if the applicant (Jain) is bailed out, may not be ruled out.\"\"It was only after Jain was arrested that the witnesses could come and tell what had happened,'' the court said, but added that the veracity of the witness' statements could only be decided at the trial. Jewellery designer Pushpa Singh had filed the criminal complaint against Jain and others for alleged cheating and criminal breach of trust in February 2011. In December 2010, she had written to the additional police chief stating that a co-accused had taken certain jewellery items for Rs 2.29 crore and told her of possible buyers from Istanbul and Dubai who were in India in August 2010. She said she also gave her ornaments for an alleged exhibition but when she never got them back a week later, she was told they were taken for the Istanbul customer. She said, \"As many as 104 pieces of jewellery worth almost Rs 24 crore were taken by Jain and two other accused from time to time.\"Jain applied for anticipatory bail, which was rejected on October 4, 2011. He was arrested and his regular bail plea was also rejected by the sessions court in March 2012. In June, the sessions court granted him a three-month bail on medical grounds for his cancer treatment. He then immediately moved the HC for extending the medical bail till the conclusion of the trial.Singh's counsel, Mahesh Jethmalani and Pranav Badheka, opposed Jain's bail plea on technical grounds. Desai said that before Jain's arrest, two witnesses came out with slightly different stories in the their statement dated August 2011 and that only after his arrest did they \"explicitly'' say that the ornaments were delivered to Jain.The judge said, \"This, in my view, is sufficient to show the clout the applicant has. It is only after he was arrested that the witnesses could come and tell what had happened.\" The judge stressed that only after Jain's anticipatory bail was rejected that two witnesses \"stated that they delivered items of jewellery to the applicant\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17235062", "title": "Fire breaks out in Colaba building, 3 hurt", "text": "MUMBAI: Three firemen were injured while dousing a major fire that broke out in a 10-storey commercial building in Colaba on Thursday morning. The firemen\u00e2\u20ac\u201d Sanjeev Salunkhe (25), Sanjay Shendge (25) and assistant fire officer Satish Gajware (30)\u00e2\u20ac\u201d were given first aid.The fire broke out in an office on the 5th floor of Eucharistic Congress building no. 3. Officials said 12 fire engines and eight water tankers were rushed to the spot. Among other offices, the building houses the Catholic Communication Centre, the office of Catholic Church spokesperson.The cause of the fire is unknown and cooling operations are being carried out. Officials said fire safety norms were not being followed in the building that has several offices and illegal extensions.\"The fire erupted in a furniture studio and spread fast as it was filled with wood,\" said an official. There have been over 15 fire cases in the city in the last two days. An Industrial unit in Sewree caught fire on Tuesday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "17234301", "title": "Farmers to stage agitation tomorrow", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Even as Western Maharashtra is witnessing violent protests by farmers who are demanding hike in support price for sugarcane, Prahar, an organization led by MLA Bacchu Kadu, has decided to launch an agitation across Vidarbha to press demand for hike in support price for cotton, paddy, soyabean and tur.\"Prahar activists along with farmers will take to streets on Saturday and block roads across Vidarbha in support of the demand,\" said district president of the organization Pradeep Deshmukh while addressing a press conference on Thursday. He claimed that Prahar has been demanding implementation of the recommendations made by the Swaminathan Commission in 2006. In 2006, the commission had recommended inclusion of 50% profit in production cost in the support price of paddy, soyabean, cotton and tur. The government is reluctant to implement them and has not honoured the several assurances it gave in the past over the issue, alleged Deshmukh.Deshmukh informed that as per the commission's recommendations, cotton should get support price of Rs7902 per quintal, whereas the state government has recommended Rs5268 per quintal to the union government. \"The Centre has, however, agreed for a paltry Rs3900 per quintal,\" he said.He demanded that cotton farmers should be paid the difference of Rs1368 as bonus this year. He also sought similar bonus in case of soyabean, paddy and tur for the farmers, if the government is unable to pay the support price.Deshmukh added that Nagpur-Chandrapur state highway will be blocked at different places. He also appealed to the farmers to refrain from adopting violent methods during the agitation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17239575", "title": "'Know diabetes no diabetes' campaign launch in Bangalore", "text": "MANGALORE: A mega national diabetes awareness campaign 'Know Diabetes No Diabetes' will be launched jointly by Rotary International and The Art of Living at Bangalore on Sunday. This initiative will include a walkathon and free diabetes screening camps across Bangalore. About 5,000 people are expected to take part in this screening.This initiative will also be launched in 23 districts of Karnataka by February 2013.The walkathon will be launched by Health Minister Aravind Limbavali at 8 am from Karnataka State Lawn Tennis Association Stadium, Cubbon Park. The event will also see participation by Mukhyamantri Chandru President, Kannada Development Authority, Bhadri Prasad, District Governor Rotary District 3190, Ravindra Prasad, Managing Trustee, The Art of Living, and representatives of Nova Nordisk and Sagar Hospital.Encapsulating the vision behind this initiative, Sri Sri Ravi Shankar said: 'Modern science and technology have made living more comfortable but, also ushered in a plethora of lifestyle diseases like diabetes. Unfortunately, apart from being known as the IT capital of the world, India is also known as the Diabetic Capital of the world. The purpose of this joint initiative is to sensitize more than one million high risk category people to a healthy lifestyle across India.''J.B.Kamdar, Chairman, Know Diabetes - No Diabetes, said: The initiative aims to mobilize thousands of Rotarians and volunteers of the Art of Living organisation across the country to create awareness on diabetes and sensitizing the population on this health threat. The project will focus on educating people on the requirement for healthy lifestyle, sensible exercise, proper medication, breathing practices, yogasanas to prevent and manage diabetes. Hundreds of screening camps are planned to be conducted by the Rotary clubs across the country.'' Free-of-cost screening camps will be set up across 100 centres in Bangalore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17234698", "title": "No headway in Mirabhag case", "text": "MARGAO: The Curchorem police are yet to make any headway into the case of the suspected murder of a 12-year-old girl, whose skeletal remains were found in an isolated place at Mirabhag earlier this month.The police team, which had proceeded to Andhra Pradesh , has recorded the statements of the victim's father. Further investigations are in progress.Police have already booked an offence against the Baretto family for employing the minor girl, and also for destroying the evidence in connection with the child's death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17233351", "title": "No-conflict zone", "text": "To understand the immeasurable, the mind must be extraordinarily quiet, still. Jiddu KrishnamurtiA single disturbed thought Creates ten thousand distractions. RyokanFeelings come and go like clouds in a windy sky. Conscious breathing is my anchor.  Thich Nhat HanhFor me, meditation reorders the natural flow of life. Everybody has a flow or stream of consciousness that allows all things to move without resistance. Decisions come easily, things fall into place, and there's no conflict.  Oprah WinfreyThat deep silence has a melody of its own, a sweetness unknown amid the harsh discords of the world's sounds. Paul Brunton", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "17235425", "title": "Boiler blast kills worker", "text": "PANCHKULA: Rambir, 36, an employee of a sweet manufacturing unit was charred to death and Bhoj Pal, 30, was critically injured in a boiler blast on Thursday. The incident took place around 9.30am when Rambir and Bhoj Pal were checking the temperature of water. The industrial unit also caught the fire, which was later controlled.Rambir, a native of UP, was declared brought dead in General Hospital , Sector 6, and Bhoj Pal was referred to PGI.The unit belongs to Bengali Sweets, which has its outlets in Panchkula, Manimajra and in some parts of Chandigarh. District police officers said preliminary investigation reveals that the boiler was not registered with Haryana industries and commerce department and a report will be dispatched to the concerned department.The incident triggered panic in the industrial area and scores of people including owners of different industrial units, residents and others gathered nearby. The exact reason behind the blast could not be ascertained, fire brigade officials said. Rambir's body would be released after a postmortem on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17235929", "title": "BJP sends Gadkari on \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcexile\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP chief Nitin Gadkari has invariably, well almost, addressed a rally in the Capital whenever the party has planned a nationwide campaign during his tenure. However, he will be in Itanagar in Arunachal Pradesh when the party takes to the streets against the government on November 21 over corruption and FDI in retail, a departure which is seen as significant in view of the troubles facing him.During the campaign for Himachal Pradesh polls too, Gadkari had chosen to campaign in a remote corner of the state in what was seen as a move to project a business-as-usual impression. However, that was before S Gurumurthy, a Hindutva proponent who is a chartered accountant by training, gave him an \"all clear\" on the charges against Purti's funding.As per the duty roster released by the BJP, almost all bigwigs have been assigned the party's known strongholds. Thus, two of Gadkari's predecessors \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Rajnath Singh and Murli Manohar Joshi \u00e2\u20ac\u201d will participate in rallies in New Delhi while Arun Jaitley will lead the protests in Mumbai. Ananth Kumar has been assigned Lucknow while Gopinath Munde and Venkaiah Naidu have decided to focus on their home turfs of Maharashtra and Hyderabad.Many in the party feel Gadkari would have led the charge in the capital had it not been for the allegations about Purti's funding.Party vice-president Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi advised against reading significance into the allocation of protest sites. On Gadkari's choice of Itanagar, he said, \"Polls are due in Meghalaya, Nagaland and Tripura and since Itanagar is close to these states, Gadkari is going there.\" However, party leaders feel that the Purti episode has undercut Gadkari's stature to be the bearer of the party's anti-corruption standard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17235027", "title": "Health minister pushes CDMOs on rural legwork", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Health minister Damodar Rout on Thursday asked chief district medical officers (CDMOs) to tour rural health facilities of the state for 10 days every month. \"You must visit the primary and community health centres and reach out to people to understand problems at the grassroots-level,\" the minister told the district-level functionaries after inaugurating a two-day conference of the CDMOs.He said the CDMOs must have an update about the ground realities for effective healthcare since they are taking decisions on various programmes at the district-level. Asking the officers to pull up their socks, the minister said if the government machinery is able to make people aware of the public health challenges, burden of infectious and water-borne diseases will decrease.The minister also asked the directors and additional directors to tour the districts to check whether government supplied medicines were being distributed free of cost. \"The officers should check if free medicines are being distributed properly,\" Rout said.Rout said all districts may not have equal demands for all the free supply medicines. Some medicines may be more in demand because of the prevailing health conditions in a particular area. The officers have to periodically find out such needs so that the government supplies the medicines accordingly, Rout said. The government has a budget of Rs 200 crore to spend on supply of medicine in 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17235251", "title": "One held in the recent assault on senior RSS cadre", "text": "COIMBATORE: Police have arrested a 19-year-old suspect in connection with last week's assault on a senior cadre of a right wing Hindu outfit in Mettupalayam that triggered a series of isolated violent protests for more than 24 hours in the region. The police claimed that they were grilling the accused for further details to ascertain the motive behind the assault. They also added that more arrests were likely in the coming days but denied to divulge further details in the matter.\"We have arrested one person in connection with the incident and are probing further at the moment,\" said ES Uma, SP, Coimbatore (Rural).According to police, the arrested youth was identified as Syyed Abu Tahir (19) of Mettupalayam who was picked up late on Wednesday night near Kattur railway gate. He originally hails from Mettupalayam and is a resident of Lajjamal layout street. As per police records he is pursuing his diploma in journalism through a private centre in Ukkadam.According to police Abu Tahir was arrested a few weeks ago for sending 'harsh' SMSes to some local BJP leaders in Mettupalayam. He was arrested and later released on bail in connection with the incident. More arrests are expected in the incident as S Anand, district secretary of the RSS unit in Tirupur was attacked by two people on a motorcycle on November 6 when he was returning home from work in Mettupalayam. Abu Tahir was produced before a magistrate and was remanded to custody on Wednesday.Meanwhile, Coimbatore district collector M Karunagaran convened a meeting with representatives of both majority and minority communities at the district collectorate on Thursday evening. Senior police officials both from the city and rural limits attended the meeting. It has been learnt that leaders of the community assured the officials that they will allow the law to take its course and will not indulge in any activity to disrupt communal harmony in the district. The police department is also intensifying its measures by installing more police pickets in the city and stepping up vigil and patrol to maintain law and order.The assault on S Anand last week triggered a round of violent incidents in Mettupalayam leading to the gutting of a government bus parked at the Mettupalayam bus stand and also isolated incidents of stone pelting at various other buses plying between Mettupalayam and Coimbatore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17235101", "title": "Sand art catches fancy of fine art students", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Sand art has caught the fancy of fine arts students in the country and abroad as an increasing number of students is interning in the artwork. While two students from M S University, Baroda, are at present learning the art under renowned sand sculptor Sudarsan Pattnaik at Puri, three students from Canada are scheduled to land at the beach town in December.\"Instead of choosing any other art, we opted for sand art as not many are going for it. From the face of it, sand art appears easy but it is very difficult,\" said Srimali Chandrasena, a first year fine arts student.Her friend Surakala Appala Raju said he wanted to hone his skill in sand art from tender age. \"After the completion of internship, I will continue working here,\" Raju said.At present, around 30 students are learning the art at Sudarsan Sand Art Institute on the beach. Sudarsan said he earlier taught the art to students from foreign countries. \"It is good to see youngsters showing interest in sand art. The fine art colleges in Odisha should also encourage their students to take to sand art,\" Sudarsan said, adding \"The state government should set up a dedicated institute on the beach to help artistes learn the art.\"Recently, the Puri administration razed the makeshift institute of Sudarsan as he had encroached on the beach by setting up palm leaf fences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17236200", "title": "Two notorious fugitives arrested; AK-47, rifles seized", "text": "Jaipur: In a major breakthrough, the Anti Terrorism Squad (ATS) and Special Operations Group (SOG) of the state police have arrested two wanted fugitives involved in at least six cases of murder including the 2006 Deedwana double murder case. The police have also recovered weapons including one AK-47, six rifles and 500 live cartridges from them.The two arrested, Anand Pal Singh and Datar Singh, were nabbed by a joint team led by an additional SP rank officer.Anand Pal Singh and his aides opened indiscriminate fire in Deedwana in June 27, 2006 in which six people were seriously injured. Two of them -- Jivan Ram Godara and Harphool Ram Jat - succumbed to injuries, triggering tension in the state. Thousands of Jat community members sat in for a dharna demanding immediate arrest of the culprits. The murder was reported as an outcome of Jat-Rajput rivalry in the liquor trade.Alok Tripathi, additional director general of police, ATS &amp; SOG, said: \"Both the accused were carrying a cash reward of Rs one lakh each on their head and were arrested from a farm house in Rainwal area on the outskirts of Jaipur. They were wanted in the infamous Deedwana murder case.\"He added that the team has also recovered one AK-47, one US-made carbine, six rifles and 500 other cartridges from the accused. Other things seized included a bullet proof jacket, first aid boxes, 16 mobile phones and walkie talkies.The two were produced before a local court and were taken in police custody for eight days.Sources in ATS and SOG said both were wanted in at least a dozen cases of murder and extortion from Hawala traders, liquor and arms smuggling.Likewise, Anand Pal was also involved in providing shelter to Balbir Banuda who had allegedly shot dead Gopal Phogawat, a Jat Mahasabha leader in 2006.He was gunned down by unidentified assailants in broad daylight on April 5, 2006 in Sikar. Phogawat was passing by a temple near the city's Kalyan Hospital when six unidentified assailants in a Bolero jeep attacked him. Balbir was already arrested by Sikar police in this connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17241640", "title": "Real estate agent, others granted bail in cheating case", "text": "PUNE: A magisterial court on Wednesday granted bail to three men including a 45-year-old real estate agent on charges of alleged cheating and bigamy.A 30-year-old woman from Sinhagad Road had lodged a complaint in this regard. She is a B.Com graduate and had also done some modelling assignments. Police have identified the suspects as real estate agent Kishore Mandalik of Dhankawadi, Alhad Pasalkar of MAHADA colony in Laxminagar and Narendra Dikshit (43) from Shukrawar Peth.The incident took place between 2010 and April 2012.Dattawadi police said that the woman used to visit an ashram every week for peace of mind. She met Mandalik at the ashram and the meetings turned into friendship. Later, the duo decided to get married. The woman had also given him Rs 3.95 lakh through cheque.Mandalik was already married and had told the victim that a divorce proceeding was going on between him and his wife. He married the victim at her residence in the presence of two priests, police said.Sub inspector K M Palve who is investigating the case, said that Pasalkar and Dikshit were arrested for abetting Mandalik in committing the crime.The suspects were arrested on Tuesday for allegedly committing an offences under sections 420 (cheating), 493 (cohabitation caused by a man deceitfully inducing a belief of lawful marriage), 494 (marrying again during lifetime of husband or wife) and 34 (common intention) of the Indian Penal Code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17236984", "title": "Outreach OPD facility of AIIMS II nears completion", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Construction of the Outreach OPD facility at Badhsa village in Jhajjar is almost complete. It is likely to be opened in a fortnight. \"The government prefers a date in the last week of November to inaugurate the OOPD,\" professor Virender Singh, political advisor to Haryana CM Bhupinder Singh Hooda said on Thursday, adding that union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad and the chief minister may attend.The outreach outpatient department (OOPD) building, which can handle approximately 1,000 patients per day, will cater to the immediate needs of patients in the region as completion of the entire AIIMS 2 project will take more than five years. The AIIMS 2 project is meant to be bigger than AIIMS, Delhi.The OOPD will offer services in general medicine, orthopedics , gynecology, ENT, psychiatrics, general surgery, ophthalmology and pediatrics. However, only consultation will be done at first, with patients not being admitted, official sources said.AIIMS-2 is an extension of the All India Institute of Medical Sciences. Situated around 40 km from the main institute, It is supposed to share the burden of the parent organization. Around 8,000 to 10,000 patients are examined in more than 50 departments at AIIMS every day.In the financial year 2010-11, more than 25 lakh patients attended the OPD at AIIMS. The Haryana government offered 300 acres of land adjacent to Delhi for the new institute, which will be of great help to patients from Haryana, Punjab, Delhi, Himachal Pradesh , Chandigarh and Jammu and Kashmir.During the foundation stone laying ceremony of AIIMS 2, the union health minister said six new AIIMS branches would be opened across the country by 2013. These new centres include Bhopal in Madhya Pradesh , Bhubaneswar in Odisha, Jodhpur in Rajasthan, Patna in Bihar , Raipur in Chattisgarh and Rishikesh in Uttarakhand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "17236066", "title": "'Vidyarthi' project to help students save money", "text": "KOTTAYAM: 'Vidyarthi', a project aimed at cultivating among school children the habit of saving money, will be launched on December 1. Students can open a joint account with their parents at any bank close to their school through this project. Arrangements are being made to identify the banks located near schools in the municipal limit.This decision was taken at a meeting chaired by home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan in the collectorate. The district administration and the municipality are implementing the project in cooperation with various banks and educational institutions.The minister has, in the meanwhile, directed the authorities concerned to enable students to open bank accounts at their schools itself. Students can start zero-balance accounts. They can operate this account for buying books as well as uniforms. This would help students become more responsible, Thiruvanchoor said. A nodal officer will be appointed in each school to oversee the project.Students and parents will be made aware of the project through school assembly meetings and notices issued by banks. Parents will also be briefed on it at PTA meetings and through the students' school diaries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17235382", "title": "Five names doing rounds for inspector general of police post", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Who will be the next IGP of Chandigarh police? The current DGP of UT police, P K Srivastva, a 1986 batch IPS officer, is to retire on November 30. Names of five IPS officers of Arunachal Pradesh-Goa-Mizoram-Union Territories (AGMUT) cadre are doing rounds in the ministry of home affairs (MHA) in Delhi.The names include V S Chahal of 1991 batch, J K Sharma of 1982 batch, Satish Golcha of 1992 batch, Praveen Ranjan of 1993 batch and Vivek Gogia of 1991 batch. Two of these IPS officers a?? Chahal and Gogia a?? have already been posted in Chandigarh and Gogia was awarded the president police medal during his stint in the city in January 2008.Sources in MHA told TOI: \"The main contest for the post of IGP is between IPS officers V S Chahal of 1991 batch and J K Sharma of 1982 batch as three of them have probably refused to come on deputation to Chandigarh. Praveen Ranjan is currently posted with CBI as DIG, anti-corruption branch (ACB) in Delhi but he has been promoted in his parent cadre as IG recently.\" Sources said, \"Two IPS officers are making stake for the post of IGP due to their close association with a union minister and with a chief minister of a neighbouring state, respectively.\"A MHA official said, \"J K Sharma is senior to current UT adviser K K Sharma, who is 1983 batch IAS officer. His seniority from the adviser could be a hurdle for his posting as IGP Chandigarh.\" A former top cop of Chandigarh police told TOI, \"Chances of 1991 batch IPS officer Vivek Gogia are less as Gogia already holds an influential post in Delhi police. Gogia was recently appointed the Joint Commissioner of Police (JCP) of newly-created Southern West Range in Delhi police.\"In 'A' CategoryThe recent development in MHA of putting Chandigarh in \"A\" category making UT equivalent to Delhi also makes a strong point for IPS officers seeking their deputation to Chandigarh. Earlier, UT was in the \"B\" category and any IPS officer was transferred back to Delhi after spending his three-year deputation in Chandigarh. But now onwards, every IPS officer would be send to other UTs including Mizoram, Arunachal Pradesh .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17235249", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcWomen agents of change\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "NEW DELHI: To commemorate 40 years of its existence, the Self-Employed Women's Association hosted its maiden youth festival at Kamani Auditorium on Thursday.The daylong event included contests on extempore speaking, debate, dance, creative writing and painting organised between NGOs like Salaam Balak Trust, Om Foundation, Hope Project, Manzil, Butterflies and CHETNA.\"It's great to have groups like SEWA who have empowered the women of this nation. Young women can be agents of change and build a stronger nation. I congratulate the women who have risen from poverty and disadvantaged circumstances to improve their lives and those of others. It is SEWA's duty to show the way forward to many more such women. The ministry shall extend full support to all such SEWAs,\" Minister for Women and Child Development Krishna Tirath said.In the afternoon, students of SEWA Delhi Polytechnic performed a dance drama tracing the journey of SEWA in the last 40 years. It was well-received by the audience. A fashion show put out on display products of SEWA's home-based embroidery workers programme. It also showcased works of students of fashion designing.\"The youth of any nation have an innate ability to metamorphose into change makers once the need arises. It is imperative for the children of a thriving democracy to be given platforms where their talents can be nurtured. This festival, which aims to address the aspirations of those from lower economic groups, fills a gap between need and opportunity,\" Sanjay Kumar, managing director of SEWA Delhi, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "khanori/sangrur", "code": "17236839", "title": "3 washed away in Bhakra canal", "text": "Khanori/Sangrur: Three youths are feared died after the car they travelling in fell in the Bhakra main line. While the fourth youth succeeded in getting out of the gushing waters, search operation is on to locate the other three.Among those missing is a youth who was to tie the nuptial knot on November 30 and the four relatives in the car were distributing marriage cards when the incident occurred on Thursday late noon.Gurpreet Singh, 19, of Reor village in Haryana, who succeeded in getting out of Bhakra waters, said \"We four were distributing cards for the marriage ceremony of my maternal uncle Raju, 22, of Dhand village in Haryana, when the car spun out of control while being driven over a potholed road near Karoda village and fell into the canal. We all came out of the car in the water but Raju, his cousin and another relative were washed away.\"Khanpori SHO Bharpoor Singh said, \"The car has been pulled out of the water and efforts are being made to trace the three youths washed out in the Bhakra canal.\" The family had got the car only a few days back at the time of Raju's engagement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17235213", "title": "80 bus trips cancelled", "text": "The MSRTC on Thursday cancelled about 80 bus trips on the Sangli, Miraj, Pandharpur, Akluj and Sangola routes as the protest by sugarcane farmers continued on the roads connecting these destinations. All the buses were to leave from the Swargate bus terminus.Some relief came on Thursday for passengers as the trips on the Kolhapur and Solapur routes, which were cancelled for three days, were resumed without any disruptions. An official from MSRTC said that bus services are being restored in a phased manner. The corporation will seek police protection for buses on specific routes, if required.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17240628", "title": "We're planning to open sports schools, universities: Jitendra Singh", "text": "NEW DELHI: Sports Minister Jitendra Singh on Friday said the Ministry is planning to open sports schools, sports universities and 30 centres of excellence across the country to ensure better facilities for the sportspersons.Stating that the Ministry in keen on identifying and nurturing the talent at grassroots level, Singh said, \"Ministry is working on a plan to open sports schools, sports universities and centre of excellence. The ministry is planning 30 centres of excellence, which would be well equipped with all facilities and sports medicine.\"Asked about the reintroduction of National Sports (Development) Bill 2011, drafted by his predecessor Ajay Maken , in the upcoming winter session of the Parliament, Singh said that the \"consultations are on\".Singh, meanwhile, inaugurated the 61st All India Police Championship 2012 at Indira Gandhi Indoor Stadium here.\"Since I have worked with Police forces in Ministry of Home Affairs for 15 months it feels like home-coming,\" he said.The All India Police wrestling, weightlifting, judo, gymnastic and boxing championship 2012 is being organised by the Central Reserve Police Force and co-ordinated by IB in which 31 teams are participating with over 1600 participants from various services, said DG, CRPF Pranay Sahay.The four-day event will be held at Indira Gandhi Indoor Stadium and Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17234242", "title": "Ranji hundred gave Viru the momentum, says AN Sharma", "text": "NEW DELHI: That the Motera wicket did not really test Virender Sehwag , who hammered his 23rd Test century on Thursday, cannot be denied.Even Sehwag's coach AN Sharma is not surprised that his favourite ward dominated the English attack on a track that he referred to as \"not of Test standard\".\"To be honest, the pitch isn't ideal for Test cricket. There was absolutely nothing in it for the England seamers and Viru seldom lets these opportunities go.He bossed the attack and the only delivery that did something was the one that got him after he had already scored 117 at run a ball. Now the spinners would be unplayable in the coming days,\" Sharma told TOI on Thursday.To his credit, Sehwag pounced upon the best scoring phase in the day. For coach Sharma, Sehwag's second-innings hundred against Uttar Pradesh in Ghaziabad 10 days ago was a better knock in terms of the surface played on.\"I would rate his Ranji Trophy century against UP higher. The Ghaziabad wicket was a better one and had something for the bowlers throughout the four days of play. That knock gave him the much-needed momentum,\" Sharma said.However, Sharma put the dashing opener's century in perspective and said that the hundred gains significance given the recent media scrutiny. \"Viru was under immense media pressure, so much so that his place in the team was questioned.He had never faced such heavy criticism before. Taking that into consideration, this hundred would be one of his special ones. He has responded with his bat.Now one can expect bigger centuries,\" the coach remarked, adding that Sehwag is in his comfort zone on subcontinent wickets. \"The wretched Australia tour is behind him.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17234966", "title": "Trains, buses packed as people head homewards", "text": "RANCHI: Railway stations and bus depots are brimming over with people, either returning home to Jharkhand or going back to Bihar for Chhath, which is an important festival for people of both the neighbours.Madhav Kumar, an engineering student who is studying in Bangalore, said, \"I came back on Wednesday as Chhath is a big festival in our family and all my relatives come to our place for puja.\"Many daily wage earners are also returning home from states where they work. Ashok Gope, a daily wage earner, said, \"I work as a labourer in Assam and stay there for more than six months a year. I come home during Chhath as my wife observes a fast during the festival and expects me to be at home with her.\"Since daily wage earners cannot visit their family members frequently, they have to make a lot of planning for festive trips. \"I save throughout the year so that when I return home for Chhath I can buy gifts for everyone at home and even give them money,\" said Kisan Kumar, a daily wage earner from Maharashtra.Another reason why daily wage earners return to the state is because of the harvest season. Raju Mahato, a daily wage earner, said, \"November is usually the harvest time and the entire family is involved in the harvest of paddy. I have to return home to help them. Once the harvest is over I go back to Tripura to work.\"Since Chhath is celebrated in a big way in Bihar, many residents of Bihar who have been staying in Jharkhand for purposes of education and employment are also going home for the festival. \"All the trains are full, so I will be taking a bus to Patna , my hometown. I have to be home a day before Chhath,\" said Raj Singh, an employee of a private firm.Adding further he said, \"I was unable to book my train tickets earlier as I was not sure if I would get leave from work. But now that I have got leave I will stay home for a week.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17234365", "title": "Central Empowered Committee to discuss Goa mining report on November 21", "text": "PANAJI: The Supreme Court's (SC) Central Empowered Committee (CEC) will hold its first meeting in New Delhi on November 21.Sources said that the \"CEC will meet to discuss its Goa mining report on November 21, and after that, the process of preparing the report will commence\".The meeting will finalize the road map regarding how to go ahead with the report. Sources earlier said that the CEC would file a preliminary report in the Supreme Court after the Diwali vacation, but now, it is likely to be delayed as the meeting is scheduled for the second-last week of November. Sources also maintained that there is a possibility that the preliminary report will be submitted on or before November 30.\"During the meeting, we will discuss what other documents and information are required for preparing the report, and based on that, we will send the list to the state government for necessary action,\" said sources.When the CEC visited Goa last month, they inspected around 12 mines in the state. The CEC had already sought additional information from the state government on environment clearances, mining plans and production figures for the last five years.Speaking to TOI, mines and geology department assistant director Parag Nagarsekar said that they are in the process of completing the compilation of data sought by the CEC. \"We are giving it the final touches, and the data would be submitted by next week,\" added Nagarsekar.The petition had been filed in the Supreme Court by the Goa Foundation in the wake of the Justice M B Shah commission report, which was tabled in Parliament on September 7, alleging that iron ore worth 35,000 crore was plundered by mining companies, committing theft of government property.The SC had first heard the case on October 5 and halted all mining activity in the state. The state government is in the process of preparing an affidavit. The government had earlier decided to seek more time to file its reply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "17236543", "title": "Tibetan activists close ranks to face new Chinese leadership", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: After the change in Chinese leadership at the Great Hall of People in Beijing, sympathizers from around 43 countries and Tibetans held a demonstration at McLeodganj, home to thousands of Tibetans and headquarter of the Tibetan government-in-exile. Supporters took to the streets wearing masks depicting the new Chinese Politburo Standing Committee shouting, \"Fifth generation, last generation, free Tibet.\"Activists from across the world, mostly from Western Europe , USA and Asia, gathered for a crucial meet under the banner of the International Tibet Network. The organization aims at working out ways to deal with the new Chinese leadership and the self-immolation crisis in Tibet. Other participants included the Tibetan Women Association, National Democratic Party of Tibet, Gu Chu Sum Association (former prisoner association) and Students for Free Tibet-India.\"We will discuss ways to deal with the new Chinese leadership and rising cases of self-immolation till November 18 at the hall of the Tibetan Children's Village School. Our supporters and Tibetan leaders from more than 30 countries have gathered here for the meet,\" national director of Students for Free Tibet, India association Dorjee Tseten said.At the Tibetan Children's Village School, Children's Day celebrations were muted with students holding a series of vigils. Meanwhile, the Tibetan prime minister in-exile noted that American President Barack Obama would be the first premier of that country to visit the predominantly Buddhist country of Burma, besides Cambodia and Thailand .\"Obama should use his trip in part to make a broader point about the compatibility between Buddhism and democracy. Just as the Burmese people and the Thais, Tibetans in exile have worked to build a democracy. Indeed, as with the upsurge of the Saffron Revolution in Burma, Tibetan monks have been at the forefront of a non-violent struggle for freedom in Tibet for the last 60 years,\" Tibetan prime minister in exile Lobsang Sangay said in a statement issued through the central Tibetan administration.Describing the Tibetan struggle over decades, Sangay hoped the US president would take the Tibetan cause seriously with the newly appointed Chinese leadership. \"Tibetans are crying out for justice, including the autonomy and freedom to worship they were promised by Beijing years ago. Some 72 Tibetans have set themselves on fire, 70 of them since March 2011 and five in one day this month alone. The common cry of all self-immolators is the return of the Dalai Lama to Tibet and freedom for Tibetans\" he asserted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "sirsa ", "code": "17236900", "title": "Dera head shown black flags, violence prevented", "text": "Sirsa : A group of sikh men waved black flags at the cavalcade of Sirsa based Dera Sacha Sauda chief Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh, while he was on his way to Gursar Modia (Rajasthan) to attend a satsang on Thursday. Police defused the volatile situation by timely action as dera followers chased the men near Ellenabad sub-division of Sirsa. Official sources said the cavalcade crossed the area peacefully.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17236382", "title": "Project to revive city's water bodies awaits Centre nod", "text": "GURGAON: Earlier this year, the district administration drew up a list of vanished water bodies in and around Gurgaon that fell victim to urban, industrial, and civic development. Over 140 such 'traditional' lakes and ponds were listed, and a restoration plan was prepared for the few that still seemed amendable. This project - drafted under the extended rubric of the Integrated Watershed Management Programme (IWMP) - is at present awaiting government sanction, and is likely to begin by the first week of December, according to officials. \"We are waiting for the Union government to approve the project, and the implementation work is likely to begin next month,\" said K M Pandurang, the additional deputy commissioner of Gurgaon, who is overseeing the entire project. The IWMP is not restricted to water body restoration work alone. Reforestation and construction of dams for better water management around the city will some of its other features. \"The overall estimated budget for is around Rs 20 crore. Overall, we have earmarked some 25,000 hectare in Gurgaon which will be covered under this plan,\" Pandurang added. The status reports of various water bodies and forest belts, which are in need of restoration, were prepared by the administration in coordination with other civic agencies. The IWMP is a nationwide programme put together by the Central government's ministry of rural development, and is being carried out in various other states apart from Haryana under the Common Guidelines for Watershed Development Projects 2008. According to government officials, the lake revival project will be particularly salutary in the context of Gurgaon, where the groundwater reserves are rapidly drying up. A Centre for Science and Environment report estimates that the water-table here is declining by 1.2 metres annually. TNN", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17235607", "title": "Sartaj, Yagnik to liven up carnival", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Chandigarh Carnival will see Punjabi Sufi singer Satinder Sartaj and Bollywood playback singer Alka Yagnik perform at the Leisure Valley on November 24 and 25. The event is organized every year by the UT tourism department and the theme for this year is \"Dream Land\".A theme village will be set up at the Leisure Valley and the three-day carnival shall showcase creativity and imagination revolving around fantasies and dreams in terms of activity-based stalls, cartoon characters and cutouts which shall give a special blend to the theme village. UT general manager (tourism) A K Malhotra said the entrance gate will be made using a colourful structure and arches will welcome the visitors to the carnival. More than 40 activity stalls will be set up. There will be an amusement park, food stalls serving various cuisines and also a mini Rock Garden.Chandigarh College of Arts will make innovative tableau during the carnival parade which will have all possible fantasy and Disneyland's cartoons like Tom and Jerry, Mickey Mouse and others. The carnival village shall showcase tradition and culture of northeastern states. Sikkim mask dance will be a special attraction on the inaugural day on November 23.The cultural dancing and singing groups across the country from various regions will be invited for day long performance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17239524", "title": "Indrajith explains Amen's musical narrative", "text": "Indrajith's flicks with Lijo Jose Pellissery has always brought out the best of him. His latest, Amen, also promises such a treat as it would see the actor playing the role of a priest for the first time.In addition, the flick will also be a musical, the first of its kind in Mollywood. On why choose such a narrative to tell the story, Indrajith says, \"When you talk about Kumarangiri village, which is the fictional setting of Amen, people say there is no one there who hasn't hummed a song or loved. All characters are closely associated with music and so much of story-telling is being rendered through music.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17234918", "title": "Panel asks Karnataka to release 4.81 tmcft to Tamil Nadu", "text": "CHENNAI: The Cauvery Monitoring Committee, an advisory body of the Prime Minister Manmohan Singh-led Cauvery River Authority, on Thursday directed the Karnataka government to release 4.81tmcft to Tamil Nadu between November 16 and 30.This is the third time that the high-level committee is meeting since October 11 to take a call on the quantum of water to be released by Karnataka to Tamil Nadu.The meeting, convened by Union water resources secretary Dhruv Vijai Singh, was attended by chief secretaries and irrigation and PWD secretaries of the Cauvery basin states.Having lost the opportunity to raise kuruvai (short-term paddy crop) owing to the delay in release of water from the Mettur reservoir this year, Tamil Nadu has been waging a legal battle with the neighbouring state in the apex court to get water released from Karnataka's four reservoirs\u00e2\u20ac\u201dKabini, Krishnarajasagar, Hemavathi and Harangi\u00e2\u20ac\u201dto save at least the ongoing samba cultivation. Tamil Nadu has been able to raise only nine lakh acres of samba (long-term paddy crop) till date, as against the traditional coverage of 14.73 lakh acres in the delta districts of Thanjavur, Tiruvaur and Nagapattinam. This is despite a slew of subsidies and uninterrupted power supply guaranteed to farmers to operate pumpsets.The CMC's directive to Karnataka to release 4.81tmcft is based on a distress sharing formula, worked out at 40% yield in Karnataka reservoirs.A senior state official said, \"We expected the committee to decide on the backlog of 52.8tmcft during the southwest monsoon, before taking a call on the fortnightly release.\"The state is likely to take up the issue again before the Supreme Court on November 26. The fourth meeting of the CMC is slated for November 28, when a decision on further release of water will be taken.As things stand now, Karnataka has been complying with the CMC directives. \"Mettur reservoir has been getting inflows as prescribed by the CMC,\" the official said.In its first meeting on October 11, the CMC directed Karnataka to release 8.85tmcft between October 15 and 31, while in its second meeting on October 31, it directed Karnataka to release 3.94tmcft.Rains triggered by Cyclone Nilam was a blessing for the delta region, where about 1.4 lakh hectares of directly sown areas were benefited, said officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17235818", "title": "Red Ribbon Express to reach Lucknow today", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Red Ribbon Express, the special train running across India for the third season to spread a message against HIV/AIDS would be reaching Lucknow on Friday.\"Phase-3 of the Red Ribbon Express started on January 12, 2012 and UP is the 18{+t}{+h} state being covered by it. Youth and women are the focus of the Red Ribbon Project,\" informed Dr Sushil Chakravarthy, a senior officer from National Aids Control Society (NACO), who spoke at length about RRE on Thursday. Officials informed that the train would reach Lucknow's Charbagh Station at 10.00 a.m. It will be parked at platform number nine for the next two days and the place would be marked by scores of anti-HIV and AIDS activities.During its year long journey , the specially designed train would travel across 23 states, taking a halt at 162 stations. It has three exhibition coaches with exhibits on HIV and AIDS while the fourth exhibition coach on National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) has exhibits on tuberculosis , malaria , reproductive and child health services, general health and hygiene. A separate coach for counselling and another for holding training session of local stakeholders such as members of Panchayati Raj Institutions, self help groups, health workers, youth organisations, teachers, police personnel etc. Those who are not able to come to the train will be reached through the exhibitions in IEC vans and folk troupes, which will travel in the periphery of the districts through which the train will pass.The RRE Phase-3 project will continue to focus on rural and inaccessible areas with an objective of disseminating the information regarding primary prevention services, developing an understanding about the infection to reduce the stigma and discrimination against people living with HIV/AIDS and strengthening people's knowledge while focusing on youth, in particular.The onboard planned activities include interactive exhibition carrying messages on health, HIV and AIDS; sensitisation and training on health, HIV and AIDS; counselling and testing facilities; general health check up, STI treatment and referral service and adolescent/ youth friendly reproductive and sexual health information. The planned outreach activities will have Red Ribbon Buses carrying a portable version of train exhibition; counselling and testing services; condom demonstration stalls as also inter-personal communication via local folk media.The Red Ribbon Express train was first launched on the World AIDS Day in 2007. The Project has since then evolved into being the largest multi-media and multi-sectoral mass mobilisation project. This innovative initiative has been commended globally as a unique example of its kind in various forums. In the second phase of 2009, the Red Ribbon Express had reached out to more than 8 million people touching 153 stations and a distance of 27,000 kilometres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17235042", "title": "Jobless man stabs mom-in-law repeatedly with IV needle, held", "text": "MUMBAI: A 29-year-old man was arrested by the Vile Parle police on Tuesday for attempting to murder his mother-in-law by stabbing her five times in the neck with an intravenous fluid (IV) needle. Gaurav Manjrekar, the accused, was upset with the victim, Kalpana Achrekar, for allegedly instigating her daughter to obtain a divorce from him.Manjrekar had tied the knot with Achrekar's daughter in December 2010. He stayed near Parleshwar society in Vile Parle (East) and was employed with a private firm at Bandra-Kurla Complex. But in July this year, he lost his job. He accused Achrekar (55) of creating a rift between him and his wife and using his jobless status to instigate her to obtain a divorce.Achrekar is a resident of Dikshit Road, also in Vile Parle (East). She was suffering from chicken pox and tuberculosis and admitted to the intensive care unit of Nityanand Nursing Home on November 8.On November 9, Manjrekar and his wife went to visit Achrekar at the hospital around 9am. The wife then left for her office while he left for home. Around 10.30am, Manjrekar returned to the hospital and entered Achrekar's room. He stabbed her with an IV needle in her throat five times. \"She was not fully conscious when the attack took place but she did recollect that it was her son-in-law who was trying to kill her,\" a hospital staffer told TOI. \"It's the first time in the history of the hospital that there's been an attempt to kill a patient inside the premises.\"Achrekar fell unconscious after the attack. Manjrekar, while leaving the premises, told the hospital staff that Achrekar had tried to throttle herself. Accordingly, on November 9, the Vile Parle police registered a case of 'attempt to commit suicide' against Achrekar. However, when she regained consciousness on November 13, Achrekar narrated the facts to the police. Manjrekar was then arrested on charges of 'attempt to commit murder' under Section 307 of Indian Penal Code. He was remanded to police custody for two weeks by a metropolitan court on Wednesday.Achrekar was shifted to Bhabha Hospital in Bandra two days after the attack when her condition improved. Manjrekar's father Ashok told the police his son was undergoing mental health treatment and joblessness had left him frustrated. Achrekar's family alleged Manjrekar previously tried to kill his wife and daughter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17234282", "title": "They sell their wares from roadsides but can rival the multi-national companies", "text": "NAGPUR: Whenever a customer, rich or poor, buys anything from a hawker or a peddler the general tendency is to negotiate the rate. The buyer invariably derives pleasure from succeeding in getting an item at a lesser price than that quoted by the seller. How ever, the seller always trades his wares at a profit that allows him enough scope to continue the business successfully.The buyers, mostly those belonging to the middle and upper middle class, think that these hawkers and peddlers sell things arbitrarily with no knowledge of business management and finance. However, a study conducted by S G Thombre, director of sales and marketing in Soni Polymers Pvt Ltd, in city as a part of his doctoral research shows that most of them are as capable as the high profile finance managers of the multinational companies. They have all the ingredients that are needed in a successful entrepreneur.Thombre conducted a survey of hawkers and peddlers for a period of ten years (1995-2005) in five different zones. \"I revisited most of the places. This time besides talking to them at length, I also sought answers for a fixed questionnaire. And interestingly most turned out to be good businessmen,\" said Thombre.In fact, even those peddlers who have small businesses follow meticulous calculations and marketing strategies. They use innovations to keep their business going. They understand the psyche of the buyer and are able to distinguish between an actual buyer and a window shopper.These hawkers evolve their own marketing skills depending on the business to keep it viable. It was thought that the mall culture would affect their business. But thanks to their innovation and skills they can be found doing roaring business right in-front of these malls. Citing various examples, Thombre said that of the 139 hawkers, whom he had studied, majority did business professionally.Seventy-year-old Sushma Gavai, who sell curd in the flower market behind Janki talkies, married off her eight daughters using the money she saved from her business. Shankar Fatnani, a peddler who sells Chinese toys near Medical Square uses innovative selling techniques. Lahanu Bhikare changes his wares for trade very often. Rajesh B Kuwahad, a fruit and juice seller at Badkas chowk is a post graduate but prefers business over job.Among these Thombre considers Sattu Bhawarlal, who sells chandeliers opposite the IMA hall, is the smartest of the lot. \"I spent a night with him on the foot path in order to study his methods. When a rich customer came, instead of selling him the chandelier Bhawarlal enquired about the kind of house that he owned, his rough budget and then directed him to a shop on Central Avenue. As expected the customer came back and bought the chandelier for Rs 14,000 after seeing a similar one in the shop which had been priced at Rs 50,000,\" he said.Thombre decided to do a research on this topic some fifteen years back when he was working as medical representative with Alembic Pharmaceuticals on a pavement full of hawkers. He said that though Nagpur Municipal Corporation claims that there are just 25,000 hawkers in city the actual number is no less than one lakh.The astonishing factsHawkers and peddlers form the biggest chunk of unorganized businessThey contribute in big way to economy by being self employedThey are very use all marketing strategies to sell their waresAre hard core salesmenUnderstand the psyche of buyerFollow the principle of six times rotation of money for the right turn over to make profit", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17235565", "title": "Over Re 1 cut in petrol prices spreads joy", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After a small reduction of a few paise in October, there is now a cut of a rupee in petrol prices in the Tricity, bringing cheer to thousands of petrol vehicle owners, most of whom had begun contemplating switching over to diesel due to the sizeable increase in prices. The rates vary in the Tricity due to differential local sales tax or VAT rates.The new rates came into effect from November 15 midnight. In Mohali, residents will pay Rs 1.24 per litre less from its old rate of Rs 76.13 and thereby save Rs 1.16 per litre.\"Petrol prices have been spiralling ever since the government deregulated petrol prices in June 2010, giving oil companies freedom to fix rates in line with the cost. Now giving some relief to the common man is a welcome decision,\" said Rajat Bansal, a resident of Sector 49.\"There had been unconfirmed reports on the internet about the centre planning another big hike in prices of petrol and diesel after the Himachal elections. But this news has come as a pleasant surprise. The only concern is that the happiness may be short-lived, in view of the government hiking prices by upto Rs 5 in the recent past,\" said Kamlinder Kaur, a computer teacher at a private school.There are others who want a reduction in prices of diesel as well. \"Diesel prices have been hiked by Rs 5 recently. The fuel might be relatively cheaper but people shell out upto Rs 1 lakh more to buy a diesel car just for its higher mileage. It's unfair to paint the SUVs and small diesel cars with the same brush and label them diesel guzzlers,\" said Amarjeet Bhatia, manager with a private bank.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17235997", "title": "More buses to clear festive rush", "text": "NASHIK: The MSRTC pressed into service additional buses to clear the rush on its various bus stands as large number of citizens headed to Dhule, Pune and Mumbai to celebrate 'Bhaubeej' and Diwali with their loved ones.The MSRTC had made elaborate arrangements to ensure less difficulties for all those willing to travel to their native places during the festivities. \"We had planned nearly 100 additional buses to Pune during the days preceding Diwali and then amidst the festive season, we added services towards north Maharashtra. There is a demand for buses on Nashik-Pune route before Lakshmipujan and after all the festivities are over. Accordingly, we have had nearly 50 additional buses on the routes to Chopada, Dhule, Malegaon, Chalisgaon, besides Aurangabad, Pune,\" MSRTC divisional controller Kailas Deshmukh said.The MSRTC officials said additional buses were also pressed into service for passengers heading to Mumbai and Pune. \"On Mumbai route, Kasara was the hot destination as it was linked to local trains,\" officials said. Additional buses were also run to Kalyan and Ahmednagar.On Wednesday nearly 50 buses were added to north Maharashtra route. while on Thursday the tally of the buses went up to 60 buses that originated from Thakker's Buzzr. Similarly on the Mumbai-route, the number of additional buses released stood at 45 on Thursday.No buses to West MaharashtraGiven the agitation by Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghatana (SSS) in Western Maharashtra, where some of the agitators burnt down the MSRTC buses, the bus service to West Maharashtra has been snapped.For the past four days since the agitation began no bus started from Nashik towards Satara, Sangli, Kolhapur and other areas. \"Nashik depot does not have buses catering to these areas. The buses from respective depots come to Nashik and then take the passengers in their return journey. As such since the agitation began, no bus has come to Nashik from the depots in western Maharashtra,\" divisional controller, Nashik, Kailash Deshmukh informed.\"Nashik has only one bus going towards the region - Solapur and even that service has been suspended given the agitation in the belt,\" the official said adding that the losses faced by MSRTC were mounting because of the disrupted services.\"The loses - though of other depots, were mounting because of being unable to transport citizens,\" the official said.Meanwhile, Nashik Road Railway station also witnessed rush of citizens towards North Maharashtra. \"During these days of Diwali festival we often have people heading to North Maharashtra and hence Devlali-Bhusawal passenger, Mumbai-Bhusawal passenger and the Igatpuri-Manmad shuttle have witnessed maximum movement of the passengers,\" the officials from Railways said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "ujjain", "code": "17236137", "title": "Violation of animal cruelty act continues with the sport of buffalo fighting", "text": "UJJAIN: It is a classic example of how the government orders gather dust. When asked about the existing ban on traditional buffalo fights organized a day after Diwali in Ujjain, district administration officials expressed their ignorance over any such orders, and allowed the traditional, bloody buffalo fight to be held on Wednesday in Jaisinghpura and Hariphatak on Thursday.The then district collector Sheo Shekhar Shukla in 2007 quoting directions from Madras and Mumbai High Courts had issued orders to superintendent of police (SP) and sub divisional officers to prevent buffalo fights traditionally held in the area as it amounts to the violation of Prevention of Cruelty to Animal Act 1960.In the initial 1-2 years, the administration adopted strict stand and events were stopped besides booking the organizers for holding the bloody game, but the administration seemed a mute spectator this time.Interestingly, this time as well cops were deployed at the spots as thousands of people turned up to witness the fight but they did not take action to prevent the inhuman tradition.Surprisingly,SDM R S Meena when contacted about the development said he had no idea whether there was any ban on buffalo fights. \"I will have to see if there was any such order\", Meena added. The fights are organized by milk traders of Yadav community who refuse to admit any cruelty being committed on the animals. One of the organizers Premsingh claimed, \"We nurture animals with more affection than our children and do not agree with the view that fights anyway causes pain to them\".If it was illegal then first discontinue boxing and wrestling events from Olympics, another organizer argued. It may be noted that buffalo fights are a prestige issue for the participating groups as thousands of rupees are spent on the diets of buffalo 3-4 months ahead of the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17235591", "title": "Mahaparva: Homecoming from far and away", "text": "PATNA: The sight of choked compartments of trains swishing to a halt at Patna Junction is not an astonishing one. While many planned the visit well in advance and reserved berths months back, others did not mind waiting in long, serpentine queues at the 'Tatkal' windows or, for that matter, even travelling without ticket for a journey that lasted as long as 56 hours. Yet others spent hundreds of pounds and dollars to fly down to Patna so as to be home for Chhath. Indeed, this puja beckons one and all who live away from their homeland.Rupesh Sinha stood for around four hours at the ticket counter at Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus in Mumbai to get train tickets to his native place in Ara district so that he could hold the 'daala' and 'soop' for his mother who does Chhath. \"It was a reserved coach. Yet, it was chock-a-block as many without their berths reserved had trespassed into it. But I didn't feel exhausted even a tad,\" said Sinha. An MNC's project manager based in the Maharashtra capital, Sinha along with his wife and children travels to Ara every year during Chhath.Similar is the story of 22-year-old Amritansh Singh, a BTech student at Chittorgarh in Rajasthan. He in fact bunked his classes to be home for the festival. \"Imagine, I waited in a queue for a 'Tatkal' ticket since 4 till 10 in the morning in this winter... just to help my septuagenarian grandmom offer 'arghya' to the Sun god,\" he said and added, in response to a question, that his mother might take over the 'charge' from her old mother-in-law from next year.To Sudarshan Singh, who flies all the way from Delhi with his wife and daughter to partake in the Chhath festivities at his home at Gidhaur village in Jamui district, this festival is \"a reason to meet my people once every year\". Asked what fascinates him the most about this festival, he said the Chhath songs and the pious atmosphere. \"It's a unique spiritual aura all around. We shun even onion and garlic, but even that simple meal spells divinity,\" he said.Even the NRBs (non-resident Biharis) living on foreign shores fail to resist the temptation of coming home for Chhath. Sudarshan Singh said on Thursday he was looking forward to meeting his uncle, Shanker Singh, who was on his way to Gidhaur from Sweden where he lives. \"My uncle has been to home without fail every Chhath to see his 'bhabhi' doing the puja,\" he said.Dr Shubhash Singh along with his doctor wife flies from London to Patna on way to Mohanpur village in Banka district for the festivities that begin from Dussehra and continue till Chhath. \"Indian festivals are something never to be missed. I take a monthlong off every year,\" said the retired medical professional who has settled in the UK.The doctor told TOI there were many Indians in London who performed Chhath there itself. \"There they stand in a bucket full of water and worship the sun hidden behind the thick fog that happens to envelope London around this time... But the sight is not as spectacular as that of my aunt standing midstream in the flowing river and offering 'arghya' to Sun god despite the nip in the air,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17234950", "title": "NRI\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s energy drink under lens for 13 deaths in US", "text": "WASHINGTON: A high-caffeine energy drink which has propelled an Indian-American businessman to the billionaire's club \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and arguably to the top of the wealthiest NRIs in America list \u00e2\u20ac\u201d is under scrutiny after being cited in 13 deaths over the last four years.Lucknow-born Manoj Bhargava , whose \"5-hour Energy\" drink has a cult following in the US, particular among truckers, traders, party hoppers, students and other late-night types, is at the centre of Federal Drug Administration (FDA) filings examining links between energy drinks and serious fatalities such as convulsions and heart attacks.Since 2009, 5-Hour Energy has been mentioned in some 90 FDA filings, according to media reports, which add that the filing of an incident report with FDA does not necessarily mean that a product was responsible for a death or an injury or contributed in any way to it.Still, the filings have invited scrutiny of the multi-billion dollar energy booster market in which Bhargava's 5-hour Energy, introduced in 2004, got a head start and has never looked back even as other industry giants have tried to catch up. A Forbes magazine article earlier this year said that Bhargava may be the wealthiest Indian in America, and some estimate put his net worth at $4 billion.Bhargava moved to the US with his parents as a teen and grew up in Pottstown, Pennsylvania, as his father pursued a post-graduate degree at Wharton. A math whiz, Bhargava Jr enrolled at Princeton but dropped out in his freshman year, returning to India in search of a spiritual education and living as a monk and mendicant in ashrams across India. He took on a variety of jobs, working as a construction labourer, cleaning contractor, accounting clerk, taxi driver, printing press operator and business manager, before starting a plastics raw material company in 1990 called Prime Conduit which he grew to $20 million in sales and then sold it to a private equity firm.Early last decade, Bhargava founded the consumer products company Living Essentials, and in 2004, introduced 5-hour Energy, a caffeinated and vitaminized energy booster that he developed. Sold in two-ounce shots in stores across US, the drink became a monster hit, racking up a billion dollars in sales within seven years.In that time, new competitors, including other established beverage giants, have tried to muscle in on the market with similar drinks (and arresting names such as Monster, Full Throttle, Relentless, Semtex etc). Bhargava has fended them off with aggressive tactics, suing imitators such as 6-Hour Power and 8-Hour for trademark infringement. Meantime, the industry itself has been under scrutiny for misstatements about the ingredients and overstating claims about its effectiveness and benefits.At a personal level though, Bhargava has earned a reputation as a philanthropist, signing up with Bill Gates-led Giving Pledge by billionaires to donate 50% of their wealth. A minimalist who does not believe in excessive personal consumption, he plans to offload as much as $1 billion in charity in India over the next decade through a non-profit foundation he has established.For now though, his energies are being consumed by the FDA scrutiny of the product that brought him the billions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17236087", "title": "Madhapur, Hyderabad's new eat street", "text": "HYDERABAD: A visit to Madhapur or Gachibowli is no longer just about the Hi-Tec City's giants like Infosys and Microsoft, but mouth-watering sea fish in white sauce from Kerala, spicy vada pav from Mumbai and also the famous Rajasthani dal bati churma.Over the past one year, areas around the IT hub has seen a surge in exotic restaurants, serving lipsmacking cuisine from various parts of India, all catering to the needs of IT professionals coming from various parts of India.Chef Kerala is one such example which is seeing hundreds enjoying delicious meals every week ever since it threw open its doors couple of months ago. \"I had worked in a hotel in Goa and had come to meet a friend in Hyderabad about a year back,\" said Jitish Kumar, a chef, who came up with the idea of opening this restaurant after noticing people from such diverse culture working together. \"I get spices from Kerala and have a large variety of sea food varieties on the menu,\" Kumar said, referring to most of his customers from God's own country.Approximately 500 small and big restaurants dishing out wide variety of Indian dishes have sprung up in the past two years and locals say their numbers are only increasing.If you are from Mumbai, feel free to visit the already well-known Vada Pav Factory in Madhapur, which opened a year ago serving around 20 varieties of vada pav. \"I had come to Hyderabad in 2010 and being a hardcore Mumbaikar, I wanted to have the vada pav. However, despite searching the whole city, I did not find any authentic vada pav outlet,\" explains Poonam Pariya, why she opened the restaurant. She sells close to 500 vada pavs everyday and recently started another outlet in Kondapur. \"We had chosen this area because it is very cosmopolitan in nature. Initially, it was only Mumbaikars, but now a lot of locals have started to enjoy as well,\" she said.The Hi-Tec City area also has people selling Bengali, Rajasthani, Himachal and Punjabi cuisine among others, reflecting how Indians traditionally love to have food they are used to having at home.Among scores of Punjabi restaurants is an eatery in one of the bylanes of Madhapur. A hit with the north Indians and Punjabi population of the area, the owner who did not wish to be named, narrates his amazing journey. \"I am basically a farmer in Punjab and had no intention of starting any restaurant. A year ago my cousin suggested that I start a hotel here since he knew I am good at making Punjabi food.\"Earning anywhere between Rs 20,000 to 30,000 per month, he is quite happy with his decision and plans to renovate the place.Bored with their monotonous and hectic jobs, many from the IT and software sector have also started their own food business in the backyard of their previous workplace. A software developer at an MNC in Madhapur for close to two years, H Krishna started Hav Inn restaurant in Madhapur a week back. \"We have given equal importance to North and South Indian food, so as to attract all\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17236387", "title": "Gurgaon's Fuji told to change name", "text": "GURGAON: A Gurgaon-based company has been barred from using the brand name Fuji (International) by Punjab and Haryana high court following objections by Japanese firm Fuji Photo Films Company. The private firm, Fuji (International), based on Old Railway Road, Gurgaon had approached the court claiming that there was nothing wrong in the name. The court noted that the appeal would require to be dismissed on the simple issue of attempt by the appellant to style itself as Fuji International Ltd, which was deceptive and a trademark infringement of the respondent, the Fuji Photo Films Company, Japan. The court also observed that the name selection by Fuji International Limited is remarkably deceptive when the trademark Fuji is an acclaimed trend leader in film products across the world. The court also held that there was no merit in the arguments of the company and restrained it from carrying on a business in the name of Fuji International Limited", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17236503", "title": "Mango lassi to hit DK markets", "text": "MANGALORE: Lassi, the popular and traditional yoghurt-based drink will get a dash of mango to it, come Friday. Thanks to an initiative from Dakshina Kannada Cooperative Milk Producers Union Ltd, Mango lassi's launch will also mark the continuation of a tradition where the union has launched a new product as part of National Cooperation Week since the past 12-years.Sold in sachets, the 200-ml mango lassi is priced at Rs 12. Raviraj Hegde, president of the union, said original mango pulp is being used to manufacture this latest product under the Nandini brand name. \"Since sugar is added as preservative to pulp, no additional sugar will be added to the lassi,\" Raviraj said. DKMUL is the first among 13 milk unions in the state to start mango lassi, he added.Taking a cue from the day specific theme of the week 'Day to encourage and strengthen value addition in cooperative institutions,' Raviraj said the union is also launching a walk-in deep freezer that will allow DKMUL to store up to 10,000 litres of ice-cream, butter and milk products on its premises at Kulshekar, another first.Likewise, two 60,000 litre capacity milk silos and 10,000 litre capacity pasteurisation unit too will be inaugurated.The union will also receive the ISO 22000:2005 certification as warranted under the Food Safety Act. This certificate is an assurance to consumers of the safety and standards of milk and milk products sold by it.An audio-visual documentary titled Ksheeranjali aimed at highlighting the potential of dairying activities to students will be released at the function, he said, adding professional actors have acted in the documentary to drive home the point.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17238797", "title": "LiLo's secret half sister revealed", "text": "Lindsay Lohan's father Michael has taken a televised paternity test to find out if he has another daughter - and the results show that he fathered a lovechild in 1995.The results were revealed on an episode of US talk show Trisha Goddard, in front of the 17-year-old girl and her weeping mother, Kristi Horn, TMZ.com reported.Horn is said to have alleged for years that Michael is her daughter Ashley's father but he had denied paternity until now.In the program, Michael is seen to respond positively to the news, getting up to hug Ashley who resists, pleading \"No! No! No!\"\"I just want to hug you,\" he says, only to be rebuffed by the self-possessed teenager who reminds him: \"This is the first time I've met you.\"She also tells him she doesn't \"want to be part of the Lohan trainwreck\" and confronts him over having been in her life as a child before \"disappearing.\"The timing of Ashley's birth falls between Michael's two youngest children with ex-wife Dina Lohan , Ali (1993) and Cody (1996). He is currently expecting a child with girlfriend Kate Major , 29", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17235171", "title": "'Revise ethanol purchase rate'", "text": "PUNE: The state sugar industry has again demanded a purchase price of Rs 45 per litre for ethanol. Sugar factories believe that this will increase the income of factories and offer good sugarcane purchase price to farmers. The demand has come against the backdrop of the sugar industry facing severe shortage of sugarcane in the state. Moreover, farmers' organisations have also begun agitation demanding higher price of Rs 3,000 per tonne for sugarcane. The Union government declared the rate for the same as Rs 1,700 per tonne.The Maharashtra State Federation of Cooperative Sugar Factories Ltd (Sakhar Sangh) has communicated the demand to the government through a note. The federation has also submitted a tender issued by the oil companies for supply of ethanol. The oil companies have, however, objected to the federation's demand of higher rates.The federation has stated that Rs 45 per litre ethanol is still cheaper as current price of petrol in retail market is around Rs 75 per litre. In such a situation, 5% ethanol blending with petrol can still make a difference, said Vijaysingh Mohite Patil, chairman of the federation. In the note submitted to the Union government for ethanol blending programme, the federation said that Maharashtra has 92 ethanol manufacturing plants with a production capacity of 88.58 crore litres. This capacity is enough to meet the requirement of Maharashtra and neighbouring states in case 5% or even 10% doping of petrol with ethanol is allowed.The oil companies are presently procuring ethanol at Rs 27 per litre. Sources in the federation said, \"The Union government had appointed a committee under the chairmanship of Soumitra Choudhury to finalise the ethanol price. It is learnt that the committee has recommended a price of Rs 30 per litre. Considering the prices of molasses and alcohol, the production cost of ethanol and international crude prices, ethanol manufacturers should get a minimum price of Rs 35 per litre. We are expecting a decision from the Union finance ministry.\"The Union government had fixed Rs 27 per litre price for ethanol last year. But due to rise in demand for molasses and rectified spirit and consequent escalation in production cost, ethanol production was stopped and the proposed 5% blending of petrol with ethanol could not happen on a large scale.The federation claimed that ethanol manufacturing will boost the sugar industry as new market is being created for oil and sugar sector. There will be more demand for molasses and rectified spirit along with ethanol, which will increase the business for sugar factories and can also pay higher rate for sugarcane farmers, the Sangh has stated in its note.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "hassan", "code": "17237196", "title": "Ryot injured in bear attack", "text": "HASSAN: Shrinivas, 50, was injured in a bear attack in the wee hours of Thursday in JC Pura, Arasikere taluk.Shrinivas was in his paddy field when the bear attacked him. He has been admitted to HIMS hospital.Doreswamy, a villager, says that bear attacks are common in the village. In fact, they have increased of late, he adds. \" We have complained to the forest department but no action has been taken to trap them\", he said. They come in search of food in the night in our fields, explained Doreswamy.Dr Shankar, senior surgeon, HIMS Hospital, said that Shrinivas is recovering and there is no threat to his life though he has severe injuries on his neck, back and abdomen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17235196", "title": "Revise cost of Pen dam to 900crore: Panel", "text": "MUMBAI: A committee appointed by the City &amp; Industrial Development Corporation (Cidco) has suggested that the cost of the Balganga dam in Pen be revised from Rs 488 crore to around Rs 900 crore.The three-member panel, headed by retired PWD secretary Sharad Tambe, was formed to analyze dam contractor F A Enterprises' demand to jack up the cost to Rs 1,220 crore\u00e2\u20ac\u201da 150% increase.Cidco, which is funding the project, has so far opposed the contractor's demand; nor has it approved the committee's revised cost proposal.As a result, the crucial dam project\u00e2\u20ac\u201dmeant to supply 350 million litres of water a day to Navi Mumbai\u00e2\u20ac\u201dremains stuck two years after work commenced.The raging controversy over Maharashtra's irrigation scam and the humungous cost escalation in projects across the state will now make it difficult for Cidco to accede to any demand for such a huge cost revision, said sources. F A Enterprises has already been paid 97% of the amount, although 30% of the dam is still incomplete.\"F A Enterprises was paid Rs 468 crore of the total project cost of Rs 488 crore,'' said a senior Cidco official, adding that work on the dam stopped almost a year ago.The upcoming dam in Pen, originally estimated to cost Rs 353.89 crore, was awarded to the contractor at a 40% enhanced rate of Rs 488 crore. But barely a year after work commenced in 2010, the contractor revised the cost to Rs 1,220 crore. Although Cidco is funding the project, F A Enterprises was appointed by Konkan Irrigation Development Corporation (KIDC), which is the executing agency.The contractor claimed that the cost escalated because the hard rock quantity and excavation work had increased. Both KIDC and the contractor claimed that the earlier design was incorrect and the concrete and filling quantity was much more than anticipated.The project was awarded to F A Enterprises in 2009, taking into account future cost escalations. But after work began, the contractor demanded two-and-a-half times more on the pretext that the scope of work and material required had increased.Over the past years, F A Enterprises and its sister firm, F A Construction, have turned out to be the state water resources department's favourite dam contractor and one of the biggest beneficiaries of the huge cost escalations in irrigation projects. These companies have bagged over a dozen lucrative projects in the recent past.In 1986, Fateh Mohammed Khatri founded F A Construction and managed to achieve a turnover of Rs 2 crore within four years. From a modest start as general contractors for civil engineering works, the company turned its attention to major government contracts. In 1986, the company was registered with the state public works department and soon graduated to Class 1 category registration. However, sources said that ever since the irrigation scam came to light, the company's projects worth around Rs 2,500 crore have been stuck.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17238932", "title": "Ajith-Murugadoss to join hands?", "text": "Murugadoss got his initial break with Dheena in 2001, and is very grateful to Ajith for having the faith in him. The director who is high on Thuppaki's success says that he is ready to do a film with Ajith once again anytime even if that means giving up on the project that he is doing at that time.He is regularly in touch with Ajith even now and is grateful to him for having faith in him as a newcomer. He is available forever for Ajith, he says. It is also said that the director has a script ready for Ajith.After the release of Thuppakki , all eyes are on director Murugadoss and his next moves. He is next directing a Hindi movie with Akshay Kumar in the lead and this is expected to be the Hindi remake of Thuppakki .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17235998", "title": "Private labs cash in on dengue scare", "text": "VARANASI: Private hospitals and pathology labs are cashing in on the dengue scare in the district, charging suspected patients anything between Rs 800 and Rs 1500 for dengue test kits.Notably, the district health department neither has any information about the adequate money to be charged for the dengue kits, nor do they have any specific mechanism to curb the arbitrary pricing of the pre-investigative test by private health institutions. According to additional chief medical officer RC Tiwari, as far as cost of the tests is concerned, there are no set norms and standards for the private hospitals and labs, hence no action can be taken against them. However, if any government hospital is caught doing the same, it will not be spared.It must be mentioned here that the dengue kit tests are provided free of cost at all government hospitals of the district. \"Although we were not able to purchase and provide dengue kits to government hospitals and health centres in the district this time, dengue kits are available free of cost at all government hospitals\", informed Tiwari.According to RK Mishra, former president, Pathologists Association, Varanasi, there are around 30 qualified pathology labs (run by qualified doctors) in the district. \"We have fixed Rs 1000 for the dengue test kit in which all the antigen and antibodies are detected within hours. Charging anything more than Rs 1000 is not justified,\" Mishra said.While the cost of dengue test kits is already blowing a hole in the pockets of the suspected dengue patients, the quality of the test is also posing a challenge to the treatment of the disease. A number of patients at the private hospitals and laboratories are conducting rapid card test or on-the-spot test for the detection of dengue fever in suspected patients, while the government recommends the use of 'Elisa' base kits which have higher sensitivity than the rapid card tests.District malaria officer M A Khan said: \"Merely a rapid test or on-the-spot card test that gives result in 15 minutes does not prove the presence of dengue virus in human body.\" According to Khan, while the rapid tests gives the result in only 15 minutes, the Elisa tests give result in 4 to 5 hours. Elisa base kits are more sensitive and accurate than the rapid tests, however, the confirmatory tests are conducted at sentinel laboratory, the facility for which is only present in Sir Sundar Lal (SSL), hospital, Banaras Hindu University (BHU).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17234454", "title": "Should the govt accept the bus owners demand to make changes to the 50% bus fare scheme for students?", "text": "Neither the government nor the bus owners can make any changes to a tripartite agreement signed with student leaders in 1979 to provide 50% blanket concession to the students of Goa. As one of the student leaders and president of all India students organization, I was one of the signatories to the agreement. In return, the bus operators were given concessions in the form of reduced taxes, extra standing passengers etc. This concession was given to students to travel anywhere in the state at anytime with a proper ID card. If the bus owners feel that they will suffer losses with this concession, they should sell the buses to KTC.Barnabe Sapeco, former student leader, PanajiBus owners suffer financially with the blanket 50% concessions to the students community. So, the concession to students should not be given during the holidays as there are no classes during this period. Besides this, concessions should be only for students travelling from home to school and school to home. If blanket concessions are to be given, then the government should give subsidy for the purchase of diesel or should come out with some other schemes for the bus operators to make the business profitable.Anand Gaad, bus owner, BicholimNo. The 50% bus concession for students was a result of a violent agitation in Goa and it would not be prudent to disturb the atmosphere in our campuses. The concession has helped poor students from backward areas in their academic pursuits. The concession has also helped to arrest the growing number of two wheelers and also arrest the consumption of petrol. No doubt there is a section that does not deserve the concession, but it is better not to unsettle the system.Sushila Mendes, associate professor, AssolnaNo! The government should not accept the bus operators demand. Imposing restrictions on the 50% concession facility to students is as good as raising hurdles in the path of students who want to study and rise in life. No student travels without any reason. Apart from home and class work, students also have other activities where they have to do some travelling and the 50% concession is necessary.Namdev Naik, teacher, Ponda", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17235926", "title": "Pollution up three times on Diwali day", "text": "INDORE: Air pollution has gone up by almost three times on Diwali day this year compared to 2011 and Vijay Nagar has emerged as most polluted area of the city. This year, the city reported acute rise in air pollution compared to past few years.Pollution control board says that low temperature causes concentration of suspended particles in the air leading to the the high pollution.Chief chemist of Madhya Pradesh Pollution Control Board (MPPCB), Aparna Bapat said that pattern of firecrackers has changed over the year. Due to awareness about sound pollution people now prefer firecrackers that give various kinds of lights than loud sound. \"Firecrackers that goes up in air and produces sparkling colourful lights release several kinds of gases and huge amount of suspended particles scientifically known as Respirable Suspended Particulate Matter (RSPM),\" Bapat said adding that results of ambient air quality during Diwali, which measures data of SO2, NOx and RSPM, were found to be increased in comparison to last year's tests.Bapat said that this year due low temperature on Diwali day, the RSPM got concentrated in air and it did not get properly dispersed. As such, air pollution shot up drastically this year. \"RSPM causes huge damage to trees as it blocks photosynthesis process and causes respiratory problems for animals and human being,\" Bapat said that it will take few days for the dispersion of the suspended particles.Standard level of RSPM in per micro gram of cubic area is 100. In Indore it is almost double on normal days as well. According to MPPCB data, the level of RSPM was five to six times more than the standard level. On normal day, RSPM level was 80.33 to 218.3 in different parts of the city which rose to 472.73 to 589.88 on the Diwali day. Similarly, level of SO2 which is around 11.92 to 12.05 on normal days, increased many fold to 20.44 to 39.98 on the day. Same was the case with NOx. On normal day, the city reports 18.18 to 20.03 of NOx. On the day of Diwali, it went up to 32.44 to 58.16 in different parts of the city.As far as noise pollution is concerned, it remained almost same as compare to last year, Bapat said. \"Level of sound pollution is high in Indore even on normal days as compared to standard level. The city reports 61.4 to 80.6 decibel of sound in different parts of city on normal days. On the day of Diwali, it was recorded in the range of 69.5 to 104.6 decibel,\" said Bapat.Vijay Nagar which reported maximum level of air pollution, recorded the lowest sound pollution in the city. CHL Apollo Hospital area reported maxim level of noise on the day of Diwali. MPPCB had maintained hourly data of noise level in the city. It shows that level of noise increased every hours from 6pm and it was at its peak during 11pm to 12 midnight. Noise level was around 100 decibel during 11 pm to 12 midnight across the city. It was more than double the standard noise level.Box: 1Air Pollution on Diwali in different parts of cityDateAreaRSPMSO2NOxNov 12Vijay Nagar154.6712.0520.03CHL Apollo218.312.2420.51Kothari Market80.3311.9218.18Nov 13Vijay Nagar589.8820.4432.44CHL Apollo580.0835.7352.48Kothari Market472.7339.9858.16Note: National ambient quality standard is SO2 (80), NOx (80) and RSPM (100)Note: All values of concentration are in micro gramme per meter cube of airBox: 2Air Pollution on Diwali in past few yearsAreaContent 2012 2011 2010 2009Vijay Nagar RSPM589.88197.94163.87202.9SO220.4417.8112.7814.89NOx32.4426.8924.1826.14Kothari Market RSPM472.73349.3282.3269.68SO239.9829.0319.6425.21NOx58.1636.5834.743.82MIG RSPM580.08251.29233.84279.95SO235.7333.0915.0324.99NOx52. 48 37.4330.1143.64Box: 3Sound pollution on Diwali in different parts of cityDayLocationPollution levelNov 12CHL Apollo70.0 to 80.6 dBKothari Market70.6 to 79.3 dBVijay Nagar58.4 to 66. 5 dBNov 13CHL Apollo80.4 to 104. 6 dBKothari Market 85.3 to 105.2 dBVijay Nagar 69.5 to 99.6 dB(Standard level of noise 40 to 50dB in silence zone and 45 to 55 dB in residential areas)Source: MPPCB", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17234517", "title": "Traffic violations rise as cops go easy", "text": "RANCHI: Many drives were started by the traffic police to keep a check on the traffic rule violators specially those who carry two pillion riders and those who ride without helmet. People do obey traffic rules when these drives are implemented strictly but as soon as the traffic police relax the rules, they violate them.In January this year, an order of the then deputy commissioner, K K Soan, was issued which said those not wearing helmet will not be allowed to fill in petrol at the petrol pumps of the city. The order was followed strictly for the first two months when almost every two wheeler rider was seen wearing a helmet. But soon people stopped wearing helmets and now once again more than 70% people who go to a petrol pump are spotted without helmet.Present deputy commissioner, Vinay Choubey, said, \"It was not an order but an agreement between the DC and the petrol pump owners and implemented to inculcate the habit of wearing helmets among people here. It definitely had a good effect and almost 70% people are seen wearing helmet now. We will again call a meeting with the petrol pump owners and ask them to strictly implement the rule so that the rest 30% also start wearing helmets.\"Collecting fine from two-wheelers carrying two pillion riders and for riding without helmet had been a common practice of traffic police which proved a deterrent for those inclined to violate traffic rules. But as soon as the police stop taking fine, rule violators have a field day.Traffic SP, Chandra Shekhar Prasad, said, \"A bit of relaxation was provided to the people during the festivities but we will be starting a helmet checking drive in another two days. Some of our projects have not been started yet but once they are started the traffic in the city will be well managed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17240777", "title": "Karnataka in the midst of a cold wave", "text": "MANGALORE: Due to cold wave, Karnataka is experiencing below normal minimum temperature. Minimum temperature of 8.6\u00c2\u00b0C is recorded in Nittur hobli in Bhalki taluk of Bidar district on November 16 at 6.15am, which is 9.7\u00c2\u00b0C less than the normal. This extreme event is recurring after 73 years (November 28, 1939) was 11.1 \u00c2\u00b0C. Cold wave condition will prevail over parts of interior Karnataka during next 2 nights, according to Indian Meteorological Department.Rainfall over Karnataka in the last 24-hours up to 8.30am on Friday is considered as negligible. Rainfall was negligible in all 30 districts and monsoon activity classified weak in these 30 districts. Very light rain was recorded in 11 districts and no rain in 19 districts. Kengeri in Bangalore south taluk of Bangalore urban district recorded maximum rainfall of 2mm in the last 24-hours. Dry weather condition prevailed in remaining parts of the state.Karnataka for the period October 1 to November 16 recorded deficit rainfall of 14%. Against normal weighted average rainfall of 164.8mm in south-interior, north-interior, malnad and coastal parts, the state recorded rainfall of 141.4mm. For 24-hours period ending 8.30am on November 16, four geographical regions received 0mm actual weighted average rainfall against normal weighted average rainfall of 1.4mm, a deficit of 100%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17237239", "title": "Youngistan can make better India: ex-judge", "text": "MYSORE: A college which started with just 20 students now has 2,200 students and this shows the need for women's education, said former Supreme Court judge Shivaraj Patil .He was delivering the graduation address on the occasion of the fifth graduation day of JSS College for Women. It can't be disputed that good education in tune with the times is the foundation or sine qua non for human development and modern civilization of any country, he said, adding that no civilized country can afford to ignore this. There is a positive relationship between education and social economic development, the former judge mentioned.\"Youngistan can make a better India, in the present scenario of the country. There about 253 million women and 268 million men in the 12-35 age group. They constitute the strength and spirit of India with added power of universal adult franchise at the age of 18. Maybe this is the reason why aging leaders have suddenly woken up to woo Youngistan,\" said Patil.On information technology and globalization, he said, \"There seems to be unprecedented mobilization among young people. They have started realizing that they should not remain passive onlookers but be active participants in all developments that take place in the country,\" he said.Telling youth that the future belongs to them, he exhorted them to work to create a future of their choice and make the country a better place to live in. \"Youth also should strive and build rainbows,\" he said, adding it is not wise to underestimate the abilities, potentialities, aspirations and ambitious of youth. You have to get ready to fight a battle against three 'C's that is caste, crime and corruption,\". Provide basic needs to poor, marginalized and disadvantaged such as food, shelter, education, health and security so that they can live with human dignity, Patil added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17234752", "title": "Bal Thackeray health stalls Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: Sporadic updates on Bal Thackeray's deteriorating health kept Mumbai on the edge all through Wednesday night and Thursday even as hundreds of Shiv Sena supporters began arriving from various parts of the state to keep a vigil outside his residence in Bandra. Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan reviewed security arrangements and the Centre deployed paramilitary forces in the state for a contingency plan. Sources said central forces heading to Gujarat for poll duty have been asked to put off travel and remain on standby in Maharashtra.Sporadic incidents of stone-throwing and vandalism were reported from some areas on Thursday morning, but the police were quick to round up suspects and douse the tension. Most autos and taxis stayed off the roads, leaving commuters stranded, especially in the Sena's pocketboroughs in Bandra, Vile Parle, Dadar, Matunga and Bhandup. Passengers also found it difficult to book fleet cabs. Four incidents of stone-pelting at BEST buses were reported.Shops, restaurants and roadside eateries in the Sena strongholds of Dadar, Parel and parts of Matunga and Mahim remained shut, partly on account of a public holiday for Bhau Bheej, but as much due to apprehensions that Sena cadres may turn violent in reaction to news of their 86-year-old leader's precarious condition. A pub in Andheri (west) was vandalized and its employees attacked allegedly by Sena activists on Wednesday night for not shutting down. No shooting of films or TV serials took place in the city while Lata Mangeshkar postponed a function of her music company.On Wednesday night, a mob had attacked vehicles and damaged equipment of a news channel, accusing it of exaggerating news about Thackeray's condition.Later in the afternoon, party functionary Sanjay Raut sought to dispel some of the anxiety. He said Thackeray had been taken off life support systems and was responding to treatment. His condition was described as critical yet stable.Luminaries from the world of film, business and politics have made a beeline for the Thackeray residence over the past 24 hours. Among the first to arrive at Matoshree was MNS leader Raj Thackeray .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17236858", "title": "Are buffer stocks serving the required purpose?", "text": "The idea behind government agencies maintaining buffer stocks of foodgrains was to provide a cushion against volatility in prices for both consumers and farmers. It is amply clear now that the manner in which the policy has been implemented in recent years is actually proving counter-productive. When the government, even if unintentionally, ends up creating a shortage of supplies in the open market, it only contributes to fuelling inflation. Considering that holding such huge stocks also carries a cost \u00e2\u20ac\u201d in terms of storage space, transporting grain from one place to another for distribution and so on \u00e2\u20ac\u201d it is hurting both the consumer and the government. It must, therefore, quickly bring down the stocks to more sensible levels by releasing more grain into the market as well as the public distribution system.Related Story:  Mega stocking by government pushing up food prices?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17236661", "title": "BS Yeddyurappa's son, MP hold secret meeting", "text": "HUBLI: B Y Raghavendra, MP and son of BS Yeddyurappa , Haveri MP Shivakumar Udasi, a few MLAs and BJP party workers held a secret meeting at Chatra village of Haveri district on Thursday.MLAs Nehru Olekar, Sureshgouda Patil and G Shivanna, MLC Shivaraj Sajjan, and more than 200 BJP party workers, said to be Yeddyurappa's loyalists, attended the meeting. The meeting was held to chalk out plans to make the launching function of the former CM's new party a grand success. Responsibilities have been fixed for some leaders to carry out in view of launching, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17235691", "title": "Smog to engulf city for another 3 days; triggers ailments", "text": "LUDHIANA: With no rain expected in the next 3-4 days, the city will remain engulfed in the smog, which along with dust has been causing health problems to residents. Doctors at the city hospitals suggest the number of patients visiting them with breathing difficulty has increased.Director, meteorological department, Chandigarh, Surinder Paul said there are no chances of rain in the next 3-4 days and the smog will clear out only after it rains.\"The city hasn't witnessed rainfall after September 17-18 and Diwali celebrations only added to the pollution level increasing the smog density,\" said assistant agrometeorologist at Punjab Agricultural University (PAU) Kulwinder Kaur Gill. She added, \"There are no signs of western disturbances, which bring rainfall, as of now. The day and night temperature will also remain constant around 26 degrees celsius and 10 degrees celsius, respectively.\"The humidity level, however, is being recorded about 10% higher than the normal at 95% during the day and 44% during nights, said Kaur.Doctors at city hospitals say rain would have controlled the smog and dust particles in the atmosphere and brought down the number of patients.Head of pulmonary medicine at SPS Apollo Hospital Dr Gurpreet Singh said the concentration of allergens in the air has increased in the absence of rainfall from a long time; this has acted as an accelerator for naso-bronchial allergies, including asthma, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and bronchitis. \"The patients with naso-bronchial allergies have doubled up. The incidents of viral too, have increased, with almost double the patients visiting me with fever on a regular day. If the smog doesn't clear out soon, the diseases will spread wider,\" said Singh.Apart from the people in middle and old ages, the smog has been troublesome for the kids' health too.Dr Naveen Bajaj, a neonatologist at Deep Hospital, said, \"As the smog level is high, children are susceptible to nasal allergies, asthma and bronchitis. Compared to a routine day, the number of children visiting me with these complaints has increased three times.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17236426", "title": "Suu Kyi visits Gurgaon, says Myanmar needs investment in energy sector", "text": "GURGAON: Myanmar pro-democracy crusader Daw Aung San Suu Kyi on Thursday underscored the need to protect natural resources from the adverse impacts of urbanization during her visit to The Energy and Resources Institute's (TERI) campus here on Thursday. Suu Kyi, an international icon for spearheading a widely-popular years-long struggle against military dictatorship in Myanmar, has also been a vocal advocate on environmental issues in public life, and endorses environmental conservation and the adoption of sustainable models of development. Noting TERI's contributions in this realm, Suu Kyi - accompanied by Director General, TERI, Dr R K Pachauri - visited various research facilities and eco-friendly installations developed by the Institute across the campus. This included the RETREAT (Resource Efficient TERI Retreat for Environmental Awareness and Training) complex - an innovative structure that relies purely on efficient construction design and integrated use of renewable energy to conserve power--and the Micropropagation Technology Park. Lauding the institute's efforts towards reducing the carbon footprint, Suu Kyi said, \"Myanmar is rich in energy resources, but also needs investment. We look for responsible investment that is not only sensitive to the environment, but also secures the future of our country. We need to learn more about handling our energy resources. Moreover, Myanmar also needs an effective energy policy.\" She asserted that TERI's innovations held the potential to become models for wider replication in Myanmar, a developing nation facing a major resource-crunch to fuel its economic growth. \"We %seek advice from TERI on how sustainable development can be brought about in Myanmar, and %on the contours of a national energy policy. I also feel that people's prosperity should be considered when we think of environment %and energy. We need to boost %local governance by strengthening %people economically,\" added Suu Kyi. Suu Kyi also toured the Nanobiotechnology Research Centre, the two-stage gasifier facility, the Bioremediation Complex and other energy-efficient structures on the campus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "17235033", "title": "Ravenshaw students screen short film on foundation day", "text": "CUTTACK: A short film made by its students was screened at Ravenshaw University at its sixth foundation day function on Thursday. The one-and-half hour long movie, \"College Time\", has been made by 25 students and shot inside Ravenshaw campus.The story is written by a student, Lopamudra while another student Chandan Behera has directed it. At least 20 students have acted in the movie. \"The movie is a story of a student, who comes from a small village to study in the premier institution. The various emotions that the lead character goes through during his stay at Ravenshaw has been beautifully depicted in the story,\" said Chandan. \"We wanted to celebrate the foundation day of the university in a special way and decided to make a film on the campus life,\" he added.The students have spent Rs 25,000 in making the film. \"We have used our pocket money in making the film,\" said Lopamudra. The film has all the elements of a popular movie. Be it romance, action or music the students have put in all the elements to make it popular among Ravenshawvians. \"We have tried our best to make a good movie and the response is overwhelming,\" added Behera.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17241743", "title": "Robert Pattinson wants to work at fast food joint", "text": "Twilight star Robert Pattinson is apparently dreaming of a new career move.The heartthrob has revealed he'd love to work in Nandos so he could satisfy his PERi-PERi chicken cravings 24/7.When asked who he would swap places with for a day, Rob said: \"Someone who works at Nandos.\"The 26-year-old paid a visit to a London branch of the eatery hours before walking the red carpet with girlfriend Kristen Stewart and co-star Taylor Lautner at the premiere of The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17235814", "title": "Changing habits keep Diwali injury list short", "text": "LUCKNOW: Carelessness while igniting Diwali crackers played a spoilt sport for 68 families in the city, who sought the services of the 108 Samajwadi Ambulance Service. And it is a result of the timely medical intervention that the rate of hospitalisation recorded an all time low on Tuesday.For example, three persons were admitted to the King George's Medical University's trauma centre, while the additional burn ward in Shyama Prasad Mukherjee Civil Hospital saw just five admissions. No patient was admitted to Balrampur and Ram Manohar Lohia Hospitals, though the two centres saw many patients of minor injury in their out patient departments.Doctors posted in the emergency medical unit of a major hospital said unlike previous years, their stay in the hospital on Diwali night was a peaceful affair. \"I remember a time, when patients kept pouring in with different types of injuries. The number was so much at times that we didn't get enough time to sit for a while,\" said a doctor in trauma centre.They attributed the decline in the number of hospitalisation to increasing awareness about crackers, particularly the shift from noisy to light inducing ones. Dealers in the cracker markets also affirm the change. In fact, cracker dealers say that the demand for eco-friendly, safe and branded crackers is on the rise, which naturally limits the risk. Anti-cracker activists also expressed happiness over the trend. \"We work for spreading awareness for a safe Diwali as well,\" said Dr PK Gupta, an anti-cracker activist in the city.As per data gathered from the 108 call centre, 565 emergencies across 34 districts in UP were attended by their staff on Diwali. Besides the 68 emergencies in Lucknow, 53 emergencies were attended in Ambedkarnagar. Mainpuri and Moradabad also saw a significant number of emergencies. As many as 14 incidents of arson, 122 road accidents and six cases of asthma attack - which may be related to Diwali - also came to light. The 108 ambulance service helped 247 pregnant women, nine patients of cardiac ailment and eight persons suffering with acute stomach pain on Diwali.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17240384", "title": "Prabhu Dheva rocks the city", "text": "As the dancing sensation Prabhu Dheva made a dramatic entry dancing to the tunes of Go Go Govinda... from OMG! Oh My God, all those who had gathered to catch a glimpse of the actor, at the finale of a dance show in the city, were in for a visual treat.The dancer-turned-actor himself was quite excited and full of beans having grooved on stage in Coimbatore. \"It's been some time I performed on the stage and I am really glad to have done that today,\" said Prabhu Dheva.The choreographer was also overwhelmed to see the huge turnout. \"I keep visiting Coimbatore for my film shoots and I love the idlis here. I used to dig into the idlis on the roadside stalls during my shooting schedules,\" reminisced the actor.Though he refused to talk much and instead preferred to concentrate on the show, he added, \"I have a lot of memories attached to the show and I have seen the participants struggle to give their best performances. They leave no stone unturned to come up a rocking show. All of them are Prabhu Dheva,\" said the actor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17236040", "title": "Cell formed to spur govt colleges for NAAC accreditation", "text": "BHOPAL: The higher education department has recently formed a state-level quality assurance cell (SLQAC) with the objective of encouraging government colleges to go for accreditation from the National Assessment and Accreditation Council (NAAC). Of 353 government colleges in the state, only 98 are accredited with the NAAC.The NAAC, a national autonomous body of the University Grants Commission (UGC), is set up to monitor the performance of educational institutions on the basis of a few parameters, including standard of education, facilities, quality of staff and infrastructure among others. However, it has been noticed that several institutions do not take the accreditation from the NAAC in the absence of proper awareness, higher education department sources said.The SLQAC will hold workshops and seminars to teach educational institutions about the benefits of having accreditation from the NAAC. \"The cell which is formed for the first time will help government run higher educational institutions to receive the accreditation of NAAC,\" said SLQAC's coordinator and joint director of the department, K M Jain.When asked about the reason of forming the cell, Jain said, \"After taking recognition from the NAAC, the government institutions would be able to attract students in large numbers.\"Regarding the working process of the SLQAC, Jain said the cell would regularly organise camps and other events to spread awareness about NAAC in government educational institutions.\"Besides motivating institutions for NAAC, the SLQAC's primary objective would be to resolve problems faced by institutions,\" Jain said. Citing an example he said a few government colleges demanded more teaching faculties which was resolved by launching ambassador professors' scheme.Claiming several benefits of NAAC, Jain said: \"The NAAC accredited institutions may come to know its strengths, weaknesses, and opportunities through an informed review process. Besides, different agencies can fund the accredited institutions comfortably as they would have all informations about the institutions on the basis of NAAC accreditation,\" Jain added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17236033", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcRisk of Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease increases during festivals like Diwali\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "VARANASI: Just a day after Diwali, the World \u00e2\u20ac\u2039Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) Day was observed across the globe on Wednesday (November 14) with the theme 'It's Not Too Late' emphasizing the meaningful actions people can take to improve their respiratory health.\"The risk of COPD or chest diseases increases during festivals like Diwali when the level of suspended particulate matter becomes high in the ambient air,\" said Prof SK Agrawal of the department of chest diseases, Institute of Medical Sciences, Banaras Hindu University (BHU).The main risk factors for COPD (Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease) include smoking , indoor air pollution (such as biomass fuel used for cooking and heating), outdoor air pollution, occupational dusts and chemicals (vapors, irritants, and fumes).According to the WHO report, the World COPD Day is a global effort to expand understanding of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and advocate better care for patients. Organized by the Global Initiative for Chronic Obstructive Lung Disease ( GOLD ), the day is marked by activities implemented by health care professionals and groups of patients throughout the world. WHO predicts that COPD will become the third leading cause of death worldwide by 2030.The COPD is different from asthma. It is characterized by prolonged cough with excess sputum production and breathlessness.The breathlessness caused due to asthma can be cured after proper medication, but unfortunately, same is not the case with COPD. The patient of COPD is not cured completely. However, proper education and awareness about the disease can help reduce its occurrence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17235248", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcMessage\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 t-shirts help young entrepreneurs earn quick bucks", "text": "The day before hairstylist and Bigg Boss 6 contestant Sapna Bhavnani walked into the reality television show, she dropped by at her friend Karthikeyan Ramachandran's office to remind him of the t-shirt he'd promised her.\"When she agreed to participate in the show, she asked for my help in coming up with some interesting t-shirt slogans. She wanted to use the platform of the show to reach out to people and make a statement.\" recounts Ramachandran, director, Xtrathin Design.Around the time, Ramachandran had started a Facebook group called 'Teri Ma Ki Youth'. The name of the group is a take-off on the Hindi abuse Teri ma ki ankh. He explains, \"I wanted to create a platform where people could vent. I was contemplating a blog for the same so when Sapna came along I suggested Teri Maa ki Youth as a t-shirt slogan and she loved it.\"Of the two t-shirts Ramchandran made, Sapna handed over one to host Salman Khan on the first day. Khan gladly received the women's t-shirt and even held it up to the camera. His three-second endorsement on the show meant that a winner idea has suddenly been born out of nowhere. Enquiries for the tee followed and Ramchandran now hopes to manufacture a bunch of them to meet the demand. \"I love glorifying jokes, and the t-shirt can be a very helpful tool as far as that is concerned,\" he says.From the American artist Jenny Holzer to Salman Khan, the t-shirt as a garment has met with the approval of an unimaginable spectrum of individuals. While Holzer employs t-shirts to convey stark slogans such as 'Abuse of power comes as no surprise', Khan has used the t-shirt to spread the word of his nonprofit Being Human. While in the past, people had to rely on what was available in the market, new digital production set-ups bring the process of projecting one-liners, visual and otherwise, within everyone's reach.For better or for worse, youth in the city and elsewhere don't waste any time before using the t-shirt as a tool for communication.While everyone who can has already started off their little t-shirt label, most are content with going with the flow, doing it for a lark and yet making a quick buck off of it. Rono Chakravarty, creative director at a top dotcom , recently posted an image of his own t-shirt design on Facebook. Immediate attention from his friends and friends of friends followed. For his design, Chakravarty artfully combined John Pasche's iconic 1971 design for The Rolling Stones with goddess Kali by seamlessly importing into Indian mythology a logo that has often been identified as the greatest band logo of all time.\"A few weeks ago, out of nowhere I got this random, funky, designer idea,\" he says. \"I know a bit of computer software so I quickly put it into form. Next I googled possibilities for production, zeroed in on one, uploaded my design, chose the t-shirt material, size and colour. I paid online for my consignment and the production company promised to have it delivered within 10 days. Next I logged into Facebook and spread the word. In no time, I became an agent of cool.\"Chakravarty made 25 of these t-shirts not to sell but to give away as Diwali gifts. \"The Diwali, Kali pujo is big back in Kolkata,\" he says. \"Since most of my friends there have loved the design, I'm gifting the tees to my closest friends. They'll flaunt them and help me create some sort of longevity scenario. I hope to continue doing these one-off designs for now but eventually plan to make a business of it,\" he explains.Amit Arvind, another t-shirt entrepreneur, is an ex-naval officer who two and a half years ago started a company called iLogo with the tagline 'T-shirts speak! Let t-shirts spread your story.' \"I used to sail all over the world, and at all the events I found that the official clothing was really expensive. When we launched, I was looking primarily at providing cheaper options to smaller and medium-sized companies outside of India. Soon, however, I realised that marketing costs for overseas companies were prohibitively high while the local market was waiting to boom.\"Local market it was then. \"We have a cross-section of people coming to us, college kids in particular,\" says Arvind. \"They come up with a cool design, approach us for the job and sell tees around the campus. We're even approached by NGOs; we worked together with a few, including Saplings.\".T-shirt and tote bag sloganeering has often been equated with armchair activism, wannabe coolness and the like. For now, though, love them or hate them but you surely can't ignore them tees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17236065", "title": "Warming up to Telangana? Asad keeps all guessing", "text": "HYDERABAD: TMIM chief Asaduddin Owaisi's advice to the Telangana youth not to commit suicide, but continue their struggle has triggered speculation that Owaisi was warming up to T-protagonists.The Hyderabad MP, who ended his party's ties with the Congress, said he was saddened over the suicide of youngsters for the Telangana cause. Over 700 people have ended their lives since the struggle intensified about three years ago.Instead of committing suicide they should carry on with their struggle. \"It is a democracy. The youth should exercise the right to agitate rather than die,\" he said.Meanwhile, political circles are abuzz with reports of soon-to-be-held meeting between the MIM and TRS chiefs \"to discuss the latest developments in the state.\" However, both MIM and TRS leaders refused to go on record on the issue.The reports said that the MIM leader had a telephonic conversation with his TRS counterpart K Chandrasekhar Rao and his son K Taraka Rama Rao after announcing the withdrawal of his support to the Congress and UPA.Analysts say the MIM per se is not opposed to the creation of Telangana state. In their affidavit to the Srikrishna Committee, the MIM said if T-state is formed, Hyderabad should be made its capital. \"This can be interpreted as MIM's way of coming out in the open and supporting the T cause as and when its suits them strategically,\" an analyst said.Taraka Rama Rao has said, in the past, he had been in contact with Owaisi and exchanged views \"on a variety of subjects.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "17236706", "title": "Gymnasts to sweat it out from tomorrow", "text": "DHARWAD: The Sports Authority of India (SAI) Centre in Dharwad is decked up to host the two-day state-level gymnastics competition for students of pre-university colleges in Dharwad.The department of pre-university education, Dharwad, in association with the Dharwad district PU college principals' association is organizing the competitions for boys and girls from November 17. Water resources minister Basavaraj Bommai will inaugurate the event at 10am. MLA Chandrakant Bellad will preside over.The competitions will be held at the Sports Authority of India (SAI) centre near Uday hostel in Dharwad. Deputy director of PU Education Raveendra Ritti said 300 students from across the state will participate.In boys' category, the competitions will be held in floor exercise, pummel horse, roman rings, table vault, parallel bars and high bars while for girls, the events will be floor exercise, beam, table vault and uneven bars.President of the Principals' Association J S Hiremath and secretary N Y Sunagar will distribute prizes to the winners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17235804", "title": "NRHM scam: UP official, middleman arrested by CBI", "text": "NEW DELHI: CBI has arrested a former director of an Uttar Pradesh's PSU and an alleged middleman in connection with its probe in National Rural Health Mission scam in which the then minister Babu Singh Kushwaha is the main accused.CBI sources said the then director in Construction and Design Services P K Bhukesh, an engineer in UP government and alleged middleman D K Singh were arrested in connection with its probe in the alleged corruption in the upgradation of 134 district hospitals using central government funds.Kushwaha, the then secretary Pradeep Shukla among others are main accused in the case.\"It was revealed during investigation so far that officials of C&DS; in connivance with private persons allegedly misappropriated and cheated 68 per cent of the total amount received by C&DS; for the upgradation of 134 district hospitals under the NRHM, thereby causing a loss of Rs 7.94 crore to the government exchequer in the case,\" the agency had alleged in its chargesheet in the case.The CBI had alleged that the former BSP minister and his close aide, former MLA R P Jaiswal, misused their official position to benefit local company Surgicoin Medequip Pvt Ltd.\"The matter pertained to upgradation of 134 district hospitals for an amount of Rs 13.4 crore under NRHM. It was alleged that the said work was given to Ghaziabad and Lucknow-based private firms without following any codal formalities and on the basis of bogus and forged documents,\" the CBI had said in a statement.CBI sources said that during the investigation they found that of every Rs 100 allocated for hospitals, nearly Rs 68 was siphoned off by officials while the remaining Rs 32 was utilised in the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "midnapore", "code": "17235793", "title": "BPL families suffer as supply of subsidized rice dries up", "text": "MIDNAPORE: For the past couple of weeks, 25 lakh target BPL beneficiaries in West Midnapore have been deprived of rationed rice at Rs 2 a kg - chief minister Mamata Banerjee's pet scheme. This is because 34 lakh ration distributors have stopped lifting rice from the rationing directorate's godown in Midnapore town claiming that the state food department is yet to reimburse their bills of carrying costs. sitting on their bills for reimbursement of carrying costs.\"We won't lift rice till our pending sum, that collectively stands at Rs 60 crore, is paid,\" said Tapash Ray, West Midnapore general secretary of All Bengal Ration Distributors' Association.Ration shops in West Midnapore stopped supplying BPL rice at Rs 2 a kg soon after Lakshmi puja. Weeks prior to that, the rice was being brought from Howrah to the Midnapore godown. Though the district food controller's office is making arrangements to restart the process of transporting the rice from Howrah early next week, distributors are unlikely to give in to any the set to ignore any directive from the office.District food controller Partha Ray said the Howrah district administration had agreed to supply BPL rice to West Midnapore. \"We have requested them for 5,800 metric tons of BPL rice,\" Ray said.Though West Midnapore ADM general Rajat Saini claimed the problem over supply of BPL rice had been solved, as Howrah had agreed to send rice to the district. He he remained non-committal on the food department's refusal to clear ration distributor's bills for carrying costs.For some two weeks now, rationed rice at Rs 2 a kg - chief minister Mamata Banerjee's pet scheme - is not reaching 25 lakh target BPL beneficiaries in West Midnapore, including 11 lakh in the district's 11 Jangalmahal blocks. The 34 ration distributors in the district who have stopped lifting rice from the rationing directorate's godown in Midnapore town say the state food department is sitting on their bills for reimbursement of carrying costs.\"We won't lift rice till our pending sums that collectively stand at Rs 60 crore is paid,\" said Tapash Ray, West Midnapore general secretary of All Bengal Ration Distributors' Association.Ration shops in West Midnapore stopped supplying BPL rice at Rs 2 a kg soon after Lakshmi puja. Weeks prior to that, BPL rice was being brought from Howrah to the Midnapore godown. Though the district food controller's office is making arrangements to restart the process of transporting BPL rice from Howrah early next week, distributors are set to ignore any directive from the office.There are 61 lakh ration card holders across West Midnapore. Apart from the 25 lakh BPL card holders among them, there are 3.5 lakh card holders under the Annapurna Yojana and another 4 lakh holders under the Antodaya Yojana.BPL card holders aged till 12 are now entitled to a weekly supply of a kg of rice at Rs 2 while those older than 12 get double the quantity of the cheap rice. The Mamata Banerjee government recently doubled BPL card holders' entitlement to rice at Rs 2 a kg. In West Midnapore alone, this move led to an increase in the annual requirement of BPL rice from 29 lakh metric tons to 51 lakh metric tons.Though West Midnapore came to meeting this year's rice procurement target, falling short by a mere 15,500 metric tons, the district's own production was not enough to meet its ration card holders' annual demand. In fact, rice stocks from the district's own production ran out by end August and the West Midnapore food controller's office had to depend on supply from Howrah since September. District food controller Partha Ray said the Howrah district administration has agreed to supply BPL rice to West Midnapore. \"We have requested them for 5,800 metric tons of BPL rice,\" Ray said.The district food controller's office has written to higher-ups in the food department seeking grants to reimburse ration distributors' carrying cost. But the department remains silent on the plea.West Midnapore ADM general Rajat Saini claimed the problem over supply of BPL rice had been solved as Howrah had agreed to send rice to the district. He remained non-committal on the food department's refusal to clear ration distributor's bills for carrying costs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17239706", "title": "Eating fish reduces postpartum depression", "text": "Low levels of omega-3 - fatty acids found in marine life, may be behind postpartum depression, a new study has found.According to a review led by Gabriel Shapiro of the University of Montreal and the Research Centre at the Sainte-Justine Mother and Child Hospital, women are at the highest risk of depression during their childbearing years, and the birth of a child may trigger a depressive episode in vulnerable women.Postpartum depression is associated with diminished maternal health as well as developmental and health problems for her child.\"The literature shows that there could be a link between pregnancy, omega-3 and the chemical reaction that enables serotonin, a mood regulator, to be released into our brains,\" Shapiro said.\"Many women could bring their omega-3 intake to recommended levels,\" Shapiro added.Because omega-3 is transferred from the mother to her fetus and later to her breastfeeding infant, maternal omega-3 levels decrease during pregnancy, and remain lowered for at least six-weeks following the birth.Furthermore, in addition to the specific biological circumstances of pregnant women, it has been found in the US that most people do not consume sufficient amounts of omega-3.\"These findings suggest that new screening strategies and prevention practices may be useful,\" Shapiro said.The findings are published in the Canadian Journal of Psychiatry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "dharmapuri", "code": "17235169", "title": "Set up special court in dalit village to try rioters: Rights activists", "text": "DHARMAPURI: An 18-member fact-finding team comprising human rights activists and journalists that visited the three Dharmapuri villages which saw arson and looting against dalits has demanded that a special court be set up in the locality to try cases related to the violence. The team which visited the hamlets on Wednesday and Thursday said the victims are yet to recover from the fear and loss caused by the Vanniyar community, which orchestrated the violence. Only a special court and an impartial police probe would help the victims come forward fearlessly and depose before the court, team members said.Two team members, People's Union for Human Rights (PUHR) leader A Marx and Andhra Pradesh Human Rights Forum president V S Krishna, addressed the media on Thursday and urged the Tamil Nadu government to take the Tsunduru Dalit massacre case as a precedent and set up the special court in the village itself.According to Marx, the victins who they met said in clear terms that the attack could have been averted if the police intelligence had acted promptly soon after the married couple, whose marriage provoked the violence, requested police protection. \"All the three villages were under round the clock 'Q' branch police observation as these have been Naxalite presence in the past. The vanniyar community meeting in Dharmapuri on September 17 had in fact taken the decision to attack dalits and it was attended by PMK leader Kaduvetti Guru. The kangaroo court (which demanded that the dalit husband and vanniyar wife separate and the girl return to her parents' home) was held on October 4. The total collapse of police intelligence on all these occasions facilitated the anti-dalit riot,'' Marx said.\"On the day of arson and looting, top police officials remained mute spectators and some of them were helping to implement the casteist agenda of Vanniyars. Police officials who failed in their duties to control the rampaging mob should be punished under the SC/ST (Prevention of Atrocities) Act and severe criminal action must be taken against them,'' Marx demanded. The team also accused Krishnapuram DSP of colluding with vanniyar leaders. \"Mere suspension of some low ranking officials would not help bring back the lost confidence of dalits. After the end of suspension period, they will be back in service. It is shameful that those who were found to have abetted atrocities in Vachathi were on duty in Natham (one of the hamlets attacked by the mob) on the day of caste violence,'' he said. \"If the police had raided vanniyar houses and seized the guns, petrol bombs and the huge stock of kerosene and petrol, the riot would not have occurred,'' he added.The panel wanted the government to raise the compensation for the damaged houses. It has proposed Rs 5 lakh to reconstruct houses that have completely destroyed and Rs 3 lakhs to repair the partially damaged houses. Marx also urged the government to appoint an independent committee to retrieve the properties from the looters.The team comprised Puducherry Federation for People's Rights president K Sukumaran and Bangalore-based People's Democratioc Front leader Nagari Pappaiah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17234964", "title": "Tiff shelved as Shibu backs Munda govt", "text": "RANCHI: Simmering differences between BJP and JMM were apparently shelved on Thursday when Shibu Soren and chief minister Arjun Munda shared the dais to celebrate the 12th anniversary of of the state's foundation. The government's stability has been questioned over the past two weeks after Soren, known as Guruji, raked up the issue of a 28-month power-sharing deal between the coalition partners.Munda, however, must have heaved a sigh of relief when Soren, extending best wishes to the state on its 13{+t}{+h} Foundation Day, emphasized that he had no complaints whatsoever with the government. \"All my blessings are with the Munda government and we all have to work for the state's prosperity,\" he said.A visibly relieved Munda made some significant announcements, including possible job offers for 25 lakh youths in the next year and laptops or tablet PCs to those passing matriculation examinations with flying colours.Addressing the gathering at Birsa Munda stadium in Morhabadi, where the main function was organized, the chief minister said there was an urgent need to strengthen the information technology infrastructure in the state. \"If we want to do away with middlemen and contractors devouring a vast share of the money in government schemes, we must improve e-governance and monitoring through modern technology,\" he said. P 3Adding that the government will focus on youth and skill development next year, Munda said distribution of laptops to youth and engaging them in the IT sector aims will strengthen e-governance and monitoring of services. \"I have had talks with the Union government for distribution of laptops and we are waiting for a positive response,\" he said.The programme was jointly inaugurated by Munda, Soren, deputy chief ministers Sudesh Kumar Mahato and Hemant Soren in presence of Governor Syed Ahmed and speaker C P Singh amid flowers being showered by helicopters. Chief secretary S K Choudhary welcomed the guests, following which a march past was organised and the theme of annual programme aimed at youth and skill development was introduced.Leading anchor Mandira Bedi hosted the cultural programme that comprised a colourful presentation of Chhou dance and a well-choreographed composition by Prince group. Tribal and regional dances and a colourful light and dance show in the evening attracted applause from the audience.In his short speech, Soren called upon the youth of the state to pursure excellence education and understand that there was no shortcut to success. Deputy CM Mahato also enumerated some of the achievements of the coalition government over the past couple of years and mentioned successful organisation of National games in the state as an achievement for Jharkhand.Meanwhile, a three-day youth and skill development fair-cum-exhibition was inaugurated by the dignitaries. The fair hosts stalls of government and non-government agencies, entrepreneurs and self-help groups related to agriculture, fishery, industry, cottage industry, khadi and skill development schemes in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17235291", "title": "Chennai Corporation has no record of tree plantation drives", "text": "CHENNAI: Many trees have become casualties of development projects such as the Metro Rail, and crores are spent on planting saplings but the Chennai Corporation does not have any records of the number of saplings planted or the money spent in the last five years.TOI filed an application seeking this information under the Right to Information Act on February 16, 2012. The corporation's parks department received the letter and said it would collect the data from the 15 zones. As per the act, it has to furnish a reply in a month. Of the 15 zones, only three zones have responded so far.When TOI approached the corporation, a senior official said, \"We don't have any records on new saplings or the number of permits issued to cut trees. Many zones do not maintain such records.\"Environmentalists said the corporation needs to keep such records. \"A number of plantation drives are organized but there is no follow up,\" said M G Devasahayam, managing trustee of non-profit organization Sustain. \"Corporation should post information about its tree plantation efforts on its website. Then, people can also complain about felling of trees,\" he said.Corporation sources said that the parks department is ill-equipped. \"We have a shortage of staff. Unlike other departments, we don't have any enforcement power at the zonal level,\" said a source.Shobha Menon of Nizhal, an organization that works to protect green cover, said, \"It's important for local bodies to systematize records of green cover across the state. They should keep track of new planting and existing mature trees.\"Professor D Narasimhan, a senior coordinator of the forest department's tree census, said: \"Many trees have been razed because of developmental activities. We have to complete one more stage of the tree census. Then we will be able to estimate the green cover of the city.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17241353", "title": "All major telcos report decline in revenue in Q2", "text": "MUMBAI: Most Indian telecoms companies registered a decline in their revenues during the second quarter of the current financial year at a time when the government's 2G spectrum auctions received a lacklustre response from telcos. Overall wireless revenues among the listed firms declined 2-4% across the larger players (Bharti Airtel, Vodafone, Idea Cellular and RCOM) with Idea reporting the worst (3.9%) decline. Bharti Airtel and RCOM were the best relatively on quarter-on-quarter performance, both reporting a 2.3% decline, according to an analysis done by domestic brokerage firm Kotak Institutional Equities. Idea Cellular's 14.5% year-on-year wireless revenue growth, though, continues to be on track well ahead of its peers. Anil Ambani's RCOM's year-on-year performance was the weakest.Voice revenues were down between 2.5% and 5% for the top three player- the reason why operators are enhancing their data offerings of late. The Aditya Birla-owned company Idea Cellular's performance was the weakest on this front, with a 5.1% quarter-on-quarter decline. On a yearly basis as well , Idea's 11.3% voice revenue growth lagged Vodafone's 13.2%, making it the first time in the past many quarters that Idea has underperformed Bharti or Vodafone on yoy voice revenue growth, the report said. Non-voice revenues for Idea were the strongest with a 3.4% quarter-on-quarter rise and 35.3% yearly growth. Vodafone's performance was weak with non-voice revenues declining sequentially as well as when compared to the same period last year. \"From an industry perspective, messaging and VAS segments both remain under pressure,\" the Kotak report said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "17236498", "title": "Badals created ruckus in DSGMC meet: Dal Khalsa", "text": "AMRITSAR: Commenting on the clash between SAD led by Paramjit Singh Sarna and Shiromani Akali Dal (Badal) in Delhi, Sikh radical organization Dal Khalsa has blamed Badals for allegedly creating ruckus during the meeting of executives of Delhi Sikh Gurdwara Management Committee (DSGMC).\"Badals are desperate to take control of gurdwaras, be the shrines in Pakistan or Delhi,\" said Kanwar Pal Singh, spokesperson of the group. The meeting was held at Gurdwara Rakab Ganj to discuss a proposed amendment of bill seeking direct elections for the post of president of DSGMC. He said deputy chief minister Sukhbir Badal had given a call to hand over Pakistan-based gurdwaras to SGPC during his recent visit to neighbouring country.\"Notwithstanding the mismanagement and misappropriation of funds in Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee-run gurdwaras, Badal's lust for Guru's golak has gone to such an extent that he wants control of Delhi-based gurdwaras by hook or crook,\" Kanwar said in a statement issued here on Thursday. It is learnt that Jathedar of Akal Takht Giani Gurbachan Singh would contemplate over the issue during next meeting with other high priests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17234318", "title": "Parupalli Kashyap in quarters of China Open with comeback win", "text": "HYDERABAD: Staring down the barrel, Parupalli Kashyap made a splendid comeback to advance to the men's singles quarterfinals of the Li Ning China Open Super Series Premier in Shanghai on Thursday.Kashyap downed Tien Minh Nguyen of Vietnam 12-21, 22-20, 21-14 in one hour and nine minutes.The Hyderabadi is the only Indian left in the fray after the two doubles teams - Tarun Kona/Arun Vishnu and Pranaav Jerry Chopra/Sikki Reddy -lost their second round matches.The two teams succumbed without a fight. While Tarun and Arun lost to top seeds Mathias Boe and Carsten Mogensen of Denmark 10-21, 8-21 in men's doubles, Pranav and Sikki suffered a straight game loss (11-21, 15-21) against Riky Widianto and Puspita Richi Dili of Indonesia in the mixed event.Kashyap looked clueless in the first game as Nguyen opened with a 3-0 margin. Despite the best efforts of the Indian, the Vietnamese managed to maintain at least a two-point lead throughout the first game.Kashyap made rapid progress in the second and even cruised ahead to 15-10 at one stage. But Nguyen caught up at 17-17 and looked all set to wrap up the issue when he was leading 20-19.Kashyap saved a match point at this crucial juncture and went on to win the game at 22-20 to stay alive.The unseeded Indian was at ease in the decider. Nguyen, who is seeded seventh in the tournament, lost his rhythm and was in the contest only till 8-8. Kashyap broke free from here and was leading 11-8 at the mandatory change of courts.He then widened the margin to 17-11 with a five-point burst from 12-11 and never looked back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "17236695", "title": "'Treasure hunter' lands in police net, 2 still at large", "text": "DHARWAD: Dharwad Suburban police on Thursday arrested a person for conning the gullible into believing that he could solve their financial crisis.Acting on a complaint filed by Madansab Nadaf, a resident of Sindhi Kurbett village in Gokak taluk of Belgaum district, Dharwad Suburban police nabbed Allabaksh Navalur, a resident of Mehboob Nagar in Dharwad and recovered Rs 1.5 lakh from him.Assistant commissioner of police Shankar Holihosur told TOI on Thursday that Madansab, who was facing financial crisis, had sought spiritual intervention to overcome the problem and approached Allabaksha early this year. Allabaksha, a transport operator along with his accomplices-Ali and Rafeeq, both residents of Manakilla in Dharwad, hatched a conspiracy and handed over an old copper vessel to Madansab.They allegedly asked him to bury the vessel in his kitchen at Sindhikurubett home and open it only after six months. They allegedly told him that he would get hidden treasure that would solve all his financial problems. Allabaksha had demanded Rs 5 lakh from Madansab and finally settled for Rs 4.5 lakh.Madansab, after paying the amount, did what he was told to. After seven months, he realized that he had been cheated as he did not find any treasure except the empty vessel. When his attempts to recover the money failed, he lodged a complaint with police.Suburban police inspector Arun Nayak and SI Murugesh Channanavar arrested Allabaksha and produced him before the court which remanded him to judicial custody. Police are on the look out for Ali and Rafeeq, who are still at large.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17235602", "title": "Traffic diversions in Lucknow today", "text": "LUCKNOW: The district administration has made traffic diversions in wake of Muharram processions. The diversions will remain into effect on Friday evening.The traffic heading to the city from Sitapur Road will be diverted to their respective destinations via Daliganj railway crossing towards Kapoorthala crossing and IT crossing. The vehicles entering the city from Hardoi Road side will be diverted from crossing near the King George's Medical College and restrictions will be enforced from Koneshwar crossing - Ghantaghar route. Traffic bound towards Pucca Pul will be diverted via Daliganj bridge.Meanwhile, Hardoi Road bound traffic from Kaiserbagh will be diverted via Shamina Road. Traffic restrictions will also be enforced on the stretch between Husainabad and Chota Imambara. Similar restrictions will be enforced on the stretch between Chowk and Neembu Park. Restrictions will be enforced around Bada Imambara and Chota Imambara.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17239891", "title": "Jeet grounded, thanks to airline", "text": "Despite confirmation, the composer's name did not feature on the boarding list; the domestic airline has tendered an apologyGoing by Jeet Gannguli's experience, leaving on a jet plane might not be half as uplifting as listening to the John Denver number. Despite booking two tickets on a domestic flight and paying a hefty amount, the composer was recently told that he didn't exist... er, on the fliers' list!\"I, being the only son of my parents, have a lot of commitments at home during Diwali. Considering the rush , I had got in touch with my travel agent, who booked two tickets for me and Chandrani (wife) on a domestic flight on November 6. I was all set to fly at 8.15 am from Mumbai to Kolkata on November 9. The reservation was confirmed and I was even sent the PNR number. Thankfully, I called on the helpline number the night before to get the flight details when I was told that there was no one called Jeet Gannguli on their boarding list,\" recounts the composer.Flustered, Jeet made a few calls only to learn that despite money being debited from his credit card, his name wasn't on the list. \"I got in touch with the travel agent, who booked me tickets on another flight. It was really tough. At a time when the Indian aviation industry is going through turbulent times, such goof-ups are bound to bring more disrepute,\" says Jeet.Apparently, it was a technical glitch for which despite the booking, the seats were released. Now, there's not only an official mail of apology, but last heard, a refund is also in the process. Despite repeated calls, the customer relations officials could not be reached.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17235296", "title": "Goldsmith robbed of ornaments worth 13 lakh", "text": "PUNE: Two thieves on motorcycle robbed 22-year-old Mohammad Akbarali a goldsmith, of ornaments worth Rs 13.55 lakh at Mitra mandal colony road on Wednesday.The victim from Raviwar peth has registered a complaint with the Swargate police station. Mohammad collects gold from city based jewellers prepares ornaments on a commission basis.Police said that the suspects had allegedly crashed their motorcycle into that of Mohammad's when he was heading towards a jewellery shop at Jedhe chowk in Swargate from Raviwar peth for delivering gold ornaments. The incident occurred around 4.20 pm.According to the police, the suspects allegedly abused Mohammad in a filthy language and one of them even threatened him with a knife and forced to give away gold ornaments of 340 grams totally worth Rs 13,55,705 lakh.Senior inspector Ram Pathare in charge of the Swargate station said Mohammad did not resist when he was accosted by the suspects and neither did he raise an alarm for help despite sufficient bandobast present at the scene. The suspects are yet to be identified, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17236156", "title": "Employees union denies defence minister's clarification", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The employees of BrahMos Aerospace Thiruvananthapuram Ltd have refuted Union defence minister A K Antony's clarification about the status of the company, saying the proposal to acquire the then Kerala Hi-tech Industries Ltd (Keltec) and float BATL in 2007 had several ambiguities.Antony had said that no one can take over BATL functioning under the defence ministry.\"Why is the minister hesitant to say that BATL is a public sector company if it is a subsidiary under BrahMos Aerospace? The Indian government has only 50.5% stakes in BrahMos; a company cannot be termed a public sector company unless the government has 51% shares,\" an employees association leader said.An official said the tie-up between BrahMos under the defence ministry with Russia is based on a \"special formula\" of the Indian government to retain it as a joint venture firm with 50.5% stake. \"It will have relaxed procedures on staff recruitment norms, purchase of arms, tendering and above all lot of freedom.\"The employees also refuted the defence minister's claim that the company was reeling under severe loss prior to takeover and the employees had not received their salary for 20 months.\"The company had no loss during 2003-'07, though there was a crisis before that. The minister is misinformed that we had to work without salary for 20 months,\" the employee said.They said the company had a net profit of Rs 16 lakh in 2003-'04, Rs 15 lakh in 2004-'05, Rs 38.83 lakh in 2005-'06 and Rs 1.26 crore in 2006-'07, indicative of its consistent growth.The effort at cutting down its administrative expenses from 2003 to 2007 prior to the handover is also noteworthy. It was cut from Rs 82 lakh in 2003-'04 to Rs 62 lakh in 2004-'05 and Rs 46 lakh in 2005-'06 and 2006-'07.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "hassan", "code": "17237213", "title": "Tusker tramples man as friend watches helplessly", "text": "HASSAN: A tusker killed a 22-year-old car driver in Sakleshpur on Thursday morning.Avinash, 22, and his friend Vasanth were going to fetch diesel for their vehicle when they were attacked by a tusker near Shivanahalli in Saklespur taluk.Recalling the event, Vasanth said that their vehicle was hired by an orchestra team from Kodipete on Wednesday.\"After dropping them, we started back from Yaslur at 11.30pm. At Koodige, our Tata Ace ran out of gas. We were forced to sleep in the vehicle. The next morning we took a can and walked to get gas from the nearest bunk. When we neared Shivanahalli, we noticed the tusker crossing the road. Avinash was bang in its path, and could not escape. I ran and managed to escape. The tusker trampled Avinash to death as I watched helplessly from afar,\" he said tears rolling down his cheeks.Vasanth said that they were unaware it was an elephant corridor. \"Had we known, we would not have started at night. Villagers came to our rescue as I screamed for help,\" he added. This is the second death this year in Sakleshpur forest range.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17235145", "title": "Her hopes alive, Bihar acid attack victim comes to city", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 15-year-old girl from Siwan, Bihar who suffered severe burn injuries in an acid attack is battling for life at the burns unit of Safdarjung Hospital. The girl who was allegedly attacked by her classmates, has suffered loss of vision in one eye and damage to other body parts including the face and ears. Doctors say that the victim would have to undergo multiple surgeries.\"The acid attack took place on September 26. She was going for her tuition classes when a boy threw acid on her face. Later, when she fell down from cycle she was riding, he poured the chemical at her back too,\" said Mohammad Arif, the victim's father.Arif, who works as a petition writer in Siwan court, said that for two months was undergoing treatment at district hospital and a private hospital. \"We spent all money we had on her treatment but there was no significant improvement in her condition and finally we decided to bring her to Delhi,\" he added. The victim's mother is an Anganwadi worker.Shanta Sinha, chairperson of the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights ( NCPCR) said they had sent a team to visit the victim at the hospital. \"We are extending all possible help to the family,\" she said.In another such case, a 27-year-old acid attack victim from Dhanbad, Jharkhand had pleaded to the government for euthanasia as she could not afford the treatment.Sonali Mukherjee, the acid attack victim, underwent 22 plastic surgeries over 10 years since she was attacked and still her vision could not be restored and she suffered from impaired hearing ability.Experts say there is need for stringent laws and punishment against such offenders. \"While several states have allocated some funds towards compensating acid victims, there is no legislation in this regard which would make it mandatory for the state to step in to provide assistance to the victim for long term medical treatment and ensure that she remains a fairly good quality of life,\" said an activist.Safdarjung doctors say the 15-year-old girl will have to undergo multiple surgeries to restore vision, hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17235124", "title": "Chemical attack victim\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s phone found", "text": "MUMBAI: The Dadar police, probing the attack on 26-year-old physiotherapist Aryanka Hozbektar, on Thursday recovered her mobile that the accused, Jerrit John (46), had allegedly stolen last week before hurling chemical on her face.\"We have recovered the phone from John's Bandra office, No Nonsense Productions, and will send it for a cyber analysis,\" said a police officer. John had reportedly sent threatening messages to Hozbektar on her mobile and later stolen it. The police said that they will call Hozbektar regarding her statement.John was arrested from Nalasopara last week. \"During the preliminary probe, John has told us several things about himself and his relation with Hozbektar. We need to verify it with her. A police team will record Aryanka's statement,\" said a police officer.On November 7, Hozbektar suffered minor burns on her face after John allegedly hurled chemical on her.\"We have spoken to owner of the chemical shop from where John purchased the chemical. We will visit the shop on Friday,\" said deputy police commissioner Dhananjay Kulkarni.The police recovered John's Scropio from Mira Road. He had been roaming in this car while on the run before he was caught. John's computer hard disc, a laptop and cellphone have been seized.On Thursday, cops said they were busy in bandobast due to Shiv Sena leader Bal Thackeray's deteriorating health and further inquiries in the Hozbetkar attack case will be done soon. John's police custody ends on November 16.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17235051", "title": "LSR remembers student Suu Kyi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Not many teachers are lucky enough to have a student who grows up to be a global mascot for democracy.Dr Nirmala Khanna and Prof Yash B Tandon are a couple of lucky teachers who taught Aung San Suu Kyi political science at Lady Sri Ram College between 1962 and 1964.Ex-students and teachers remember her as the \"girl with a plait and long skirt\" who was president of the debating society in college.\"She was quiet and unassuming, but her eyes were really bright,\" said Khanna.Both teachers retired about a decade ago, but they have read and kept abreast of the life and struggle of the only Nobel laureate student the College produced.\"I was watching her on television while she delivered the Nehru Memorial lecture. Her eyes still look striking. I was impressed by her clarity of thought and forthright approach,\" said Khanna.She taught Suu Kyi in the third year. \"That was 1964. It was also my first year as a teacher in college. There were girls like Malavika Chandra (now Karlekar) who would try to bully me by bombarding me with questions. But, never Suu Kyi. She was always respectful and attentive in class,\" said Khanna. Suu Kyi was called \"Su chi\" in college, she said.Students and teacher remember her as a witty girl with a sense of humour. \"I guess her sense of humour helped her tide over the tough times she's been through,\" said Tandon.She taught Suu Kyi political theory and Western political thought in the first year. \"Her country was in turmoil then. But, she was always calm and serene. She imbibed whatever was going on around her,\" said Tandon.Not many in college knew Suu Kyi's mother was Burma's ambassador to India. \"One day I saw her getting off a black car with CD number plate. It was then I learnt who she was,\" said Khanna.Delhi's education minister Kiran Walia was a batch senior to Suu Kyi in college. \"She had no airs. Suu Kyi used to get her lunch box and a flask of green tea. I remember several afternoons when we sat together on the staircase and shared her green tea,\" said Walia. She remembers Suu Kyi as a \"pleasant person one enjoyed talking to\".Shobha Chopra Ghai was the students' union president at the college then. \"I studied English. Suu Kyi and me were a large group of girls who came to LSR from Convent of Jesus and Mary that year,\" said Ghai.She remembers Suu Kyi as gentle, but made of steel. \"She knew her mind and had a clear head during discussions,\" said Ghai.Her teachers remember Suu Kyi's keen interest in extra-curricular activities like debate, drama and the students' union.So many years later, her classmates like Malavika Karlekar fondly remember in writings Suu Kyi's \"witty spoof on Antony and Cleopatra\". \"She was a handsome Mark Antony, her attire fashioned out of someone's mother's precious chiffon sari,\" wrote Karlekar in the Outlook magazine.Suu Kyi's teachers believe she grabbed the opportunities the college offered and made the very best use of them. \"There was strict discipline in college. Our teachers encouraged us to read so our fundamentals were strong. These must have helped shape the person Suu Kyi is today,\" said Walia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17239573", "title": "I feel I am partly an India citizen: Myanmar's Aung San Suu Kyi", "text": "NEW DELHI: \"I feel myself partly a citizen of India -- a citizen of love and honour.\" This is how Nobel Peace Laureate and Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi today described her \"friendship\" with India and its people.Addressing a packed gathering of students and teachers at her alma mater Lady Sri Ram College here, Suu Kyi reminisced her formative years in the prestigious institution and said she never felt \"far away\" from India.\"I always knew I would come back to this hall where I had learned to sing one of Gandhi's favourite songs - Raghupati Raghav Raja Ram ,\" she said drawing loud applause from the audience. Suu Kyi did her graduation with a degree in politics from Lady Sri Ram College in the early 1960s.\"Coming back to LSR (Lady Sri Ram) is not just coming back home, it is coming back to a place where I know my aspirations have not been wrong,\" Suu Kyi, who has been waging a campaign for democracy in Myanmar for decades, said.Talking about her vision for a democratic Myanmar, she said the country needs India's help in its progression towards democracy.\"We need you to help us in our progression towards democracy. We are trying to achieve democracy. In our endeavour we need you, we need your help,\" Suu Kyi, who is in India after 25 years, said.67-year-old Suu Kyi had last visited India in 1987. Her father General Aung San --regarded as Myanmar's independence hero -- was a personal friend of Jawaharlal Nehru .\"To people of India who have given me so much affection, so much warmth with such generosity that I have never felt myself to be far away from India even in days when I had little contacts with you,\" she said.Asking students not to compromise on their \"principles\", she termed \"unprincipled politics\" as one of the most dangerous things in the world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17239903", "title": "Semi-naked girl spanks Lady Gaga in raunchiest clip ever", "text": "Lady Gaga has tweeted her new single CAKE's teaser clip, which features her being spanked by a semi naked girl in a hot-tub.The 15-second clip for her new tune 'Cake' - shot by celebrated photographer Terry Richardson - begins with the 'Judas' hit maker crawling up to the camera in her underwear, the Sun reported.In the video, the 26-year-old singer moves seductively on all fours to ensure that her breasts take the centre-stage.The action then cuts to the sight of her bare back and drenched pants in the bath, where two skimpily dressed girls playfully get to work on her derriere, the paper said.Gaga is then seen dancing braless in a jumper and knickers before the promo ends with the song title 'CAKE' dominating the screen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "17236961", "title": "For quick money, taxi drivers ferry tourists to danger", "text": "MANALI: Unscrupulous taxi drivers are jeopardizing tourists by taking them to Rohtang Pass, which has been officially closed, without telling them about the magnitude of the risk involved. In their desire to watch snowfall, tourists are playing into the hands of these drivers, risking life and limb.Sub zero temperatures, low atmospheric pressure, high possibility of snowfall and thin movement of administrative vehicles are just some of the aspects of Rohtang which can claim lives in a few hours. Taxi drivers are well aware of the risks, especially after access to the pass officially ended on November 10.The situation has been exacerbated by the failure of the Himachal police and district administration to check the flow of tourists to the pass. The police and administration have been entrusted with the task of making sure the Rohtang Pass stays out of bounds. At present, even a light snowfall is enough to leave passengers stranded.The notoriety of Rohtang is evident in its local name, \"Ratang,\" which means piles of corpses in Bhoti language. The 13,050 feet high pass 51km north of Manali is among the most dangerous in the world. Consequently, access is cut off in the winter.According to Manali sub-divisional magistrate Balbir Thakur, the desire to enjoy snowfall leaves many tourists blind to the rigours of the journey. \"Efforts to stop tourists from venturing out on the Rohtang pass have failed. Tourists are oblivious of the danger involved in the trip and are not receptive to warnings either. All they know is that they want to enjoy the snow. The Administration has asked the police to confine tourist vehicles to Kothi, 14km from Manali,\" he said.Instead of warning tourists, taxi drivers are capitalizing on their enthusiasm by doubling fares to the pass. They pick up tourists from their hotels in the cover of darkness and drop them at Rohtang before dawn.After official closure of the pass, the administration stopped issuing passes to non-Himachali vehicles on the Manali-Rohtang highway. But vehicles from across the country reach Rohtang as the police post in Marhi has been vacated.Balbir Thakur said the Border Roads Organization (BRO) has forwarded a letter to the administration saying that people of Lahaul can cross the Rohtang pass before 3pm every day. \"Local residents should first check weather conditions before crossing the pass,\" he cautioned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "17236258", "title": "Their only mode of commute is coracle", "text": "SALEM: With bus fares skyrocketing, many poor villagers including daily wage labourers commuting to Mettur and Salem on a regular basis, are forced to cross the Cauvery between Nagamarai in Dharmapuri district on one bank and Pannavadi in Salem district on the other on mechanized boat or coracle. Despite several appeals for a bridge connecting Nagamarai and Mettur across the Cauvery, the inhabitants of Nagamarai, Neruppur, Eriyur, Pennagaram and Hogenakkal have been left to fend for themselves.\"I am the head mistress (HM) at a government elementary school in a hamlet near Mettur and I am forced to commute by the coracle. I know it is dangerous to travel this way without any life jackets, but I don't have a choice,\" said a villager on conditions of anonymity. Besides, the distance between the river banks is 5km and it takes 20 minutes by coracle attached to a mechanized boat to get to the other side. If she were to take the bus, she would have to travel at least 50km, with a change of bus during travel. While she has to spend Rs 40 for each bus trip, she spends only Rs 10 for each ferry trip, she added.Like the head mistress, many villagers in Dharmapuri district, including women and school-going children prefer boat travel to reach Pannavadi as the bus route is circuitous and expensive. Some villagers take their bikes along as they cross the river and then ride to work or other destinations.The situation is worse for those requiring medical attention, especially pregnant women. Although there is a primary health centre in Pennagaram, which is 20km away, people prefer to take the coracle and get to Mettur, since the facilities are better there.More than 90 per cent of children, especially girls in these villages, have dropped out after primary school due to the difficulty in getting to school. The high school at Pennagaram is also inaccessible in the absence of regular government bus service. S Punitha, who completed class 7 at the government school in Mettur said that starting September, for four months the village would be inaccessible from Mettur and residents have to travel about 20km to reach neighbouring towns.The boat and coracle service is available from 8am to 5pm. \"Usually we start from Nagamari village around 8am and reach Pannavadi around 8.20am,\" said P Selvaraj, a boatman. \"We ply five times a day across the river. Our last trip is around 5pm at Pannavadi and we halt at Nagamarai around 5.30pm,\" he added. The fare is Rs 5 per head. If travelling with an animal it is Rs 30 and if carrying a bike it is Rs 40. His average earning per day is Rs 500 and during festival season it can go up to Rs 1000 per day. The boats are not equipped with life-jackets or floats. Selvaraj said that since most commuters knew how to swim, this was not a concern.Despite several petitions submitted to local leaders for a bridge across the Cauvery, nothing has changed. When SR Parthiban, MLA of Mettur constituency was contacted, he said that he had brought this issue up in the Assembly and the PWD minister said he would consider his request. He said he plans to meet with the chief minister J Jayalalithaa along with party leader Vijayakanth, to raise the issue with her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17234750", "title": "Silence at Sena Bhavan save prophecy, which comes true", "text": "While all eyes\u00e2\u20ac\u201dand cameras\u00e2\u20ac\u201dwere focused on Matoshree, the Bandra residence of the Thackerays, Shiv Sena Bhavan, the party headquarters in Dadar, was uncharacteristically calm. Always a hive of activity, it wore a deserted look. But the office staff were busy\u00e2\u20ac\u201dattending to phone calls from friends and sympathizers.People from Mumbai, rural Maharashtra and even abroad called up on Sena Bhavan's board number to inquire about the party's patriarch Bal Thackeray. The standard reply to calls\u00e2\u20ac\u201dwhether from Murbad or Manhattan\u00e2\u20ac\u201dwas the same: Doctors are attending to Balasaheb and, according to reports, he is responding well.At the end of the day, their words proved prophetic as the Sena chief's health, according to party leaders, seemed to have stabilized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17234742", "title": "Ex-councillor of Margao municipal council holds dhirio, booked", "text": "MARGAO: Former councillor of the Margao municipal council, Johny Crasto, is among four persons against whom the Margao police have booked an offence on charges of organizing a dhirio (bullfight) at Arlem, Raia. Police gave the names of other three as Barwin Teles, Domingos Fernandes and one Balu (full name not known).Acting on a tip off, that a bullfight was being organized on Wednesday evening, a team of police headed to the venue and foiled the attempt to hold the banned animal sport. The four accused have been charged under the relevant sections of the Prevention of Cruelty towards Animals Act. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17235629", "title": "All set to raise some dust", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The third round of the National Supercross Championship will kick-start from November 17. With Chandigarh playing the host this time around, the event organized by the Federation of Motorsports Clubs of India (FMCI) will attract many eyeballs.American Brad Ripple, who is a coach with the Supercross American Bikers team was seen in action on Thursday as he enthralled the spectators with some glorious stunts with his bike.Ripple, who was riding his blue America Bikers team bike, showcased some death-defying stunts and promised that more will come during the main event.The practice session will be held on Friday. So, fasten your seat belts for the next two days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17234773", "title": "Media, public face fury of crowd at Matoshree", "text": "MUMBAI: Despite the heavy police bandobast outside Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray's residence Matoshree on Wednesday night, the crowd assaulted media personnel, broke their equipment and targeted passing motorists.A television reporter was molested on Thursday morning while she was conducting an interview on camera, when a member of the crowd touched her inappropriately.At around 11.30 pm on Wednesday, the crowd grew violent and started to abuse media personnel, forcing the latter to run for their security. The unruly gathering even damaged an OB van and a few cameras. Policemen were mute spectators . The crowd tried misbehaving with a female reporter, but some Shiv Sainiks came to her rescue and took her to a safe distance. After forcing the media to leave the area, the crowd went out of control, stopping passing vehicles, damaging them and assaulting the occupants.The Kherwadi police registered a case for rioting and stone-pelting against unknown persons for manhandling media personnel and damaging an OB van.Police got the order all of a sudden on Wednesday night to fortify the area around Matoshree at Bandra (East). Barricades were put up to halt vehicles. Senior police officers reached the spot to monitor the bandobast and police were called back from leave.Matoshree is in the jurisdiction of Kherwadi police station, whose senior inspector Avdhhut Chavan was among the first officers at the spot. Another Kherwadi officer said he was on leave when he got the call at about 10 pm on Wednesday to report to duty. The Kherwadi police asked for Rapid Action Force personnel, who arrived after a couple of hours.A message was sent to all city police stations at 9.30 pm asking them to increase patrolling in their areas, be on high alert and divert extra men to the Kherwadi police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17235931", "title": "Dawoodi Bohras welcome Janab Mustafa", "text": "INDORE: Religious teacher of Dawoodi Bohra Community, Dr Syedna Mohammed Burhanuddin Saheb's grandson's son-in-law Janab Mustafa Bhaisahab Safiyuddin Saheb was accorded a warm welcome by the community members on his arrival at the airport here on Wednesday. He has come for Moharram's Ashra Mubarka Ki Nau Dini Va-az at Saifi Nagar Masjid in Indore from Mumbai. Muaveen Amil Janab Mudrika Bhaisahab and Amil Janab Yusuf Bhai Rageeb presented him a bouquet on behalf of the community.Other members of the community, who were present in large numbers also welcomed him with bouquets, informed the spokespersons of community Mazhar Hussain Sethjiwala and Burhanuddin Shakruwala.They said that Janab Mustafa Bhaisahab Safiyuddin Saheb will offer Moharram's Ashra Mubarka Kin au Dini Va-az till November 23. Janab Mustafa Bhaisahab Saifiyuddin Saheb exhorted the members to always offer salam the rightway in right spirit. He said by strictly following Quran one can always get the blessings of almighty and their sins are pardoned.Janab Mustafa appealed to the people to stay away from borrowing or giving loans.On Friday, Janab Mustafa Bhaisahab Saifiyuddin Sahab said he will offer Moharram's third Va-az would be read at 10 am at Saifi Nagar Masjid, informed Burhanuddin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17239926", "title": "AB grooves with Ajay-Sonakshi on the sets of KBC!", "text": "This weekend, Ajay Devgn and Sonakshi Sinha add some Punjabi tadka to the sets of Sony Entertainment Television's Kaun Banega Crorepati.Ajay &amp; Sonakshi will make an appearance on the show to promote their recent release, Son of Sardaar. The duo were will be seen at their wittiest best as they joke and laugh with Mr. Bachchan. Big B will even go on to tease Ajay about his dancing skills to which Ajay confesses that dancing makes him uncomfortable.Ajay requests co-star Sonakshi to show a few steps from their favourite song from the film. And being the way she is, Sonakshi ropes in Big B and the trio groove on to Rani tu main raja from Son of Sardaar with their signature dance steps from the film, much to the delight of the studio audience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17235147", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcLow-end power consumers should switch\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "MUMBAI: Suburban residential power consumers of Reliance Infrastructure (RInfra) who consume up to 300 units of electricity per month can save between 18% and 50% on their monthly billing (see table) if they switch over to Tata Power Company (TPC), the calculations made by Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC) showed.MERC, in its recent statement, said residential consumers consuming up to 300 units a month can achieve significant savings by shifting from RInfra to TPC as the benefit ranged from 18% to 29% in case of changeover consumers. The savings increased even further in case of switchover consumers, ranging from 45% to 50%, depending on their consumption level. \"The commission is keen that residential consumers avail of this opportunity and benefit from the reduction in their monthly power bills by going in for the switchover,\" the MERC statement said.The MERC, in its recent order, has allowed only low-end residential consumers (having average power consumption up to 300 units a month) to switch over to the TPC from RInfra for the period of the next one year, starting from August 22, 2012.According to MERC sources, the move\u00e2\u20ac\u201daimed at achieving proper consumer mix among the two utilities and thus ensuring fair competition to eventually benefit consumers in terms of cheaper electricity and services in the long run\u00e2\u20ac\u201dis getting good response. The MERC has done this especially to avoid heavy financial burden on the billing of residential as well as commercial consumers. Since several high-end commercial consumers have switched over to TPC from RInfra, they have also taken away the subsidy which they would pay other than the billing to bring down the tariff of residential consumers. This posed a threat of sudden financial burden on the billing of low-end residential consumers of RInfra.Now since such residential consumers are in large numbers with RInfra, their shifting to TPC, said MERC, will benefit consumers of both the utilities in the long run. And that is why MERC has for a year stopped those consumers whose consumption is more than 300 units a month from switching over to TPC. While RInfra has 27.5 lakh consumers with majority low-end consumers, TPC has around 3 lakh consumers with comparatively high number of commercial consumers who have more consumption and paying capacity to subsidize the bills of larger number of low-end consumers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "17236067", "title": "Cops seize lorry that transported spirit", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: The excise department, on Thursday, took a tanker lorry abandoned on National Highway 47 at Punnapra, into custody suspecting it was carrying rectified spirit.The lorry was later released after the driver produced the permit issued by the department.Excise sub-inspector Anoop V P said around 7am the tanker lorry bearing Maharashtra registration number was found abandoned on the NH.Spirit was seen leaking through the valve of the tanker.Local people who found the lorry alerted police and the excise dept.Police and excise-men soon reached the spot and confirmed that the lorry was carrying spirit.However, they were unable to move the lorry from the NH as there was no key. Soon media persons also reached the spot. Around 11am, two men came to the spot claiming that they were the drivers of the lorry.\"They told us they had the permit of the Kerala excise department for transporting spirit from Maharashtra to South Travancore Distilleries &amp; Allied Products, Neyyatinkara. They also produced valid documents. We then checked it with our headquarters. All the documents were genuine,\" said Anoop.\"It was one Bhausaheb Salunka from Maharashtra, who had driven the lorry from Maharashtra to Kerala. When the lorry reached Punnapra, he felt feverish and got himself admitted to Punnapra Cooperative Hospital after being tested positive for dengue fever. Following this, the Neyyatinkara distillery arranged another driver, one Balakrishnan of Thrissur, for taking the lorry to the distillery. Balakrishnan, after unloading the spirit in Neyyatinkara, returned to Punnapra,\" the SI said.He then parked the lorry on the side of the NH and went to the hospital to get Bhausaheb discharged. It was at this point that the local people, seeing the stationary lorry, alerted police and the excise.The spirit that was seen leaking was what was left in the tanker, the SI said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17236089", "title": "Reprimanded for lewd remarks, eve-teasers attack family", "text": "KANPUR: Even as the chief minister Akhilesh Yadav launched the much-hyped Women's helpline '1090' in the state capital on Thursday, a group of local hoodlums who had been reprimanded by the minor siblings of an 18-year-old girl for allegedly passing lewd comments, unleashed terror on the girl's family to avenge the 'insult' in Nawabganj area of the city.The accused, Gopi, Kallu, Chotey Lal, Aditya, Suraj, Ankit and Sujeet, who stay in the same area as the family, allegedly organized an assault on the girl's family. Over two dozen men are said to have barged into the girl's house on Thursday and attacked everyone, including the women and children. Her two brothers Shivmoorat and Jacky had to be hospitalised at Lala Lajpat Rai hospital.The trouble began on Thursday morning when the accused passed lewd remarks at the girl, Neha, while she was sitting in front of her house. \"When my brothers reprimanded them, my family was attacked with knives and the butt of a firearm.\" The accused also fired indiscriminately, she said, after which she called the women's helpline '1090' After failing to get a response, she approached Nawabganj police who reportedly asked her to first register a complaint. \"Instead of acting tough against the hoodlums, the cops said investigations would be conducted and those found guilty would be booked,\" she said.\"My brothers had protested against the eve-teasers several times. They were repeatedly threatened with dire consequences,\" Neha said. A local resident alleged the youths consume alcohol in the locality daily after which they tease young girls and no one dares to check their unruly behaviour. Drunken brawls are rampant, but the police have not acted yet, he said. According to DIG Amitabh Yash, raids are being conducted to nab the accused. \"A police picket has been stationed in the area to avoid further violence. We are trying to find the accused. The arrested will be brought to book,\" he said.Three-year-old raped: A three-year old girl was reportedly raped by unidentified persons in Shastrinagar area of the city here on Wednesday. The girl was later hospitalised at Ursala Horseman hospital where the doctors stated her condition to be stable. Though the police have registered a complaint, no breakthrough has been achieved yet in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17236015", "title": "Four detained over violence in Bhadrakali", "text": "NASHIK: The Bhadrakali police have registered offences against nearly 15 people involved in the altercation incidentthat broke out at Renuka Nagar in Wadala Naka area of the city on Tuesday evening. Four persons have been detained.Among the accused are Pappu Tayade, Mayur Tayade, Sachin More and Joseph Tejale. The incident took place around 9.30pm, on the road near Renuka Mandir Society. Meanwhile, four vehicles were damaged in the stone-pelting that ensued after an argument over bursting of firecrackers.Things were, however brought under control after commissioner of police Kulwant Kumar Sarangal, DCP Sahebrao Patil , ACP Ganesh Shinde and other senior officials rushed to the incident spot along with a team from the Rapid Action Force (RAF).Residents of Renuka Nagar said that a firecracker fell on a group of youngsters present there. group of youngsters were whiling time when a firecracker fell on them.Soon, an argument broke out and it turned even more violent when one more group arrived at the from some place rushed to the incident spot. Some riot mongers started damaging the vehicles parked in the area which included two-wheelers as well as four-wheelers.Things intensified when stones were also pelted on on the houses there which saw residents of the area running about, creating a riot-like scene.According to reports, some people suffered injuries in the stone-pelting. No sooner the riot broke out. The incident was reported to the Ambad police who passed on the information to the Bhadrakali police station.The Bhadrakali police informed that the four people detained from the incident spot were granted bail immediately.Even as the city police managed to bring things under control, two more groups clashed over a previous feud in Wadala Gaon area. According to the police, two youths were injured in the incident. One vehicle was also damaged. DCP D S Swami and other senior officials rushed to the spot and had to resort to a mild Lathi charge to disperse the crowd.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17240262", "title": "I have a lot of self respect: Vishal Karwal", "text": "He's the wild card entrant in Bigg Boss and a TV heartthrob who has a huge fan following. That's Vishal Karwal, who first started his television career with MTV Roadies Season 4 and went on to participate in another reality show (Splitsvilla season 1) where he emerged as the winner.The actor who owes his success to reality television is also making a name for him self in Punjabi films. And while Bollywood seems to be the obvious choice for any actor, Vishal is cautious about what he selects. \"I can't do sidey characters. I have self respect and that's why I am happy doing Television.\"But ironically, Vishal's not too happy with the way things are on TV. \"All fiction shows are the same. After three months also if you catch the show, the same track is going on\". What keeps Vishal happy is American television.\" I watch it daily as it has variety and I like to experience it\".While he's surviving in the Bigg Boss house, Vishal is happy to be genuine. \"How long can people fake it? The whole nation is watching\".Well hope this trait helps Vishal clinch the coveted prize and emerge as the winner once again in this season of Bigg Boss .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17241805", "title": "SVSC erects a Bhadrachalam temple set", "text": "Superstar Mahesh Babu's films are known for their art work - the Charminar set in Okkadu, Madhura Meenakshi's temple in Arjun, grand house set in Athadu, etc. And the latest we hear is that the unit of Mahesh Babu-Venkatesh's upcoming film Seetamma Vaakitlo Sirimalle Chettu (SVSC) has erected a grand Bhadrachalam temple set in Ramoji Film City under the supervision of art director Prakash.SVSC director Srikanth Addala is currently filming climax scenes, after which, he films a couple songs one each on Mahesh Babu and Venkatesh. The post production works of the movie are also taken care simultaneously. Seetamma Vaakitlo Sirimalle Chettu's audio launch is planned on December 13 to coincide with Venkatesh's birthday and the film is slated for release on 2013 Sankranthi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "behrampore", "code": "17235754", "title": "2 Congress MLAs from Murshidabad may follow rebel leader", "text": "BEHRAMPORE: With Reginagar MLA Humayun Kabir looking all set to change flanks, speculations are rife that two more MLAs from the Jangipur subdivision will follow Kabir.Kabir said though he hasn't approached any leaders, two MLAs have already expressed their dissent against the Murshidabad district Congress to him. However, he didn't divulge the names of the MLAs and chose to wait for the final consent from the Trinamool Congress .Sources in Trinamool revealed that two other Congress MLAs from minority community have already contacted Mukul Roy and said that Union minister Abu Hasem Khan Chowdhury was mostly busy in New Delhi for the last six months and could not give time to Murshidabad.A senior Trinamool leader said: \"You will see several prominent Congress leaders and MLAs, including Humayun Kabir, at the Kandi public meeting on November 29, where Mukul Roy and Subhendu Adhikary will also be present. Though, these leaders are now busy arranging a reception programme for MoS, railway, Adhir Chowdhury.\" reception programme.'Mainul Hoque, an MLA from Farakka, said: \"Though nothing is unfair in politics and everything is beyond prediction, I have full respect for Adhir Chowdhury.\" Chowdhury attended the Farakka BDO office inauguration programme on Thursday with Hoque and another Union minister Abu Hasem Khan Chowdhury.Chowdhury is under pressure with his close Humayun already making an announcement who know every pros and cons of Chowdhury's politics and business have already announcedto join Trinamool. Chowdhury had called 40 Congress leaders to a closed-door meeting, including Mintu Sing, Indranil Pramanik from Reginagar area. But sources said some leaders have already apprised Humayun of the outcome of the meeting. most of the leaders have described Humayun everything.Most of the leaders reportedly wanted to know the reason behind Humayun's leaving. asked why Kabir is leaving party?Chowdhury only replied: \"I don't know if he had any problem with Santu Sinha (who is in charge of Chowdhury's farms). Be careful, Humayun might try to capture the Shaktinagar party office You must stand united.\" and keep it your possession.'However, Humayun said: \"I constructed the Beldanga-II bloc Congress office and spent money to develop an AC room on the third floor of the district Congress party office. But, I won't go there to capture the office or ask any panchayat pradhan or panchayat samity members to join Trinamool. If I do that, then CPM will stand to gain. Already, Satya Roy, pradhan of Ramnagar and Najibur of Kapasdanga, have joined Trinamool.\"To show, Chowdhury is not worried about Humayun as railway minister Adhir would inaugurate computerized reservation counter at Kandi on Friday noon, when Humayun would leave party and at the sametime he would keep busy Murshidabad M.P Mannan Hossein and M.L.A Saoni Singha Roy in all party meeting for land acquisition for Nashipur-Ajimgunj railway bridge.Political observers of Murshidabad are very much eager to know who would be followers of rebel congress M.L.A Humayun Kabir? Reginagar M.L.A Humayun Kabir claimed 'I have not approached any leaders or M.L.A , but two other congress M.L.A s have expressed their bothering about Murshidabad district congress leadership and they supported my revolt and told me to arrange pace for them. 'However, Kabir refused to expose them before their final announcement or T.M.C top brass leaders give their consent. Political observers predicts two M.L.A s from Jangipur sub-division are going to follow Humayun's path.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17237192", "title": "Let Avarepura show the way in conservation", "text": "MYSORE: The forest department on Thursday said that it will adopt eco-friendly measures to attend to the needs of field staff.Inaugurating the Avarepura camp in Maleyur range, project director (Field Tiger) B J Hosamath said: \"This unit is a pilot project which will use eco-friendly technology. This should take care of the water and energy requirements of the ground staff.\"The forest department thanked Mumbai-based Wildlife Conservation Trust for its contribution to the anti-poaching camp, a first of its kind initiative in tiger reserves across India. It is aimed to extend basic living conditions to foresters on patrolling duty. Bandipur is also the first tiger sanctuary in India to post Special Tiger Protection Force to man the forested area.The premier National Institute of Engineering said it will implement several green technologies it has devised at the Centre for Renewable Energy and Sustainable Technologies (Crest). The NIE-CREST has implemented the Avarepura project. N Ramanuja, NIE secretary, pointing to the use of green technologies like use of mud blocks said, \"NIE-CREST is keen to implement many more eco-friendly measures if the forest department provides an opportunity.\" NIE-CREST director Shamsundar asked the forest department to consider adopting the Avarepura model at other anti-poaching units.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17235890", "title": "Ludhiana also the loudest during Diwali", "text": "LUDHIANA: If a day after Diwali left you gasping for fresh air, here's the reason why. Ludhiana topped the state in having the most polluted quality of air after Diwali with residential areas having more pollution than rest of the state's worst polluted commercial areas.Ludhiana, which faced a ban by the central government in having more industry, after it was categorized into a \"critically polluted\" zone, had air quality before Diwali which was far worse than air quality in other districts post Diwali.A glance at the data shows that sodium dioxide, which was 12 Ag/m3 on Diwali night in Patiala's commercial area after the crackers were burst, was already a high of 20 a day before Diwali in the residential areas and climbed up to 30 Ag/m3 on Diwali night. In Amritsar sodium dioxide levels reached 20 Ag/m3 in the commercial area on Diwali night, though these were 13 Ag/m3 a day prior to the festival of lights.Ludhiana was also the loudest across the state as the decibel levels rose dramatically on Diwali night. Against the permissible decibel limit of 55, Ludhiana recorded 77 decibels during Diwali which was 66 decibels a day prior to the festival of lights, in the residential areas. In the commercial areas the decibels rose to 80 decibels. However, Diwali was noisier last year in Ludhiana as the decibel level in commercial areas was 85 last year and 78 in the residential areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17240002", "title": "Kiran Bawa, GS Bawa threw a grand Diwali party", "text": "Kiran Bawa and her dad GS Bawa threw a grand Diwali party for their family and friends.  The guests settled to a round of card games, and played sportingly, over sumptuous food. Present there was Raveena Tandon with hubby Anil Thadani. The telly industry was present in full strength. Karanvir Bohra and Teejay Siddhu, Preeti Jhangiani and Parveen Dabas, Shilpa Saklani and Apoorva Agnihotri, Manoje and Ravee Bidwai, Deepshikha and Kaishav Arora, Rohit and Manasi Joshi Roy, and Ronit and Neelam Roy were among the couples wearing traditional finery. The party continued till the wee hours of morning over great music and delicious food. Anu Malik, Bhagyashree and Himalaya and Sophie Choudry were amongst those present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17236109", "title": "Crackers scare daylight out of canines", "text": "KANPUR: Regardless of the trauma they were causing to the elderly, ailing, hospital patients, newborns, besides birds and pet animals, citizens played hard throughout Diwali bursting loud crackers and blowing to smithereens the decibels and peace in a city already quite polluted by noise. Some non government organisations campaigned to spread awareness against the sound attack but it obviously fell on deaf ears as firecrackers thundered from Dhanteras to Bhai Dooj on Thursday.Besides increasing the level of air and sound pollution in the city, the cacophonous revelry got nature lovers worried about birds and pet animals. Pets in various houses remained disturbed and irritated due to the sound and dogs either tried hiding themselves under the bed or skipped their meals. Dog owners had a tough time making their dogs eat and relax.\"Dogs in my house slinked under the bed for the entire evening on Diwali. They were scared of bombs being burst in and around the area. The loud noise and made dogs search for a place where they could hind and find peace. My dog hid itself under the bed and did not come all night,\" said Gaurav Saxena, a resident of Govind Nagar area. Similar were the views of Adhishree Srivastava owner of a German Sheppard. She said that dog kept barking till her neighbours burnt firecrackers.\"It is an annual feature. When crackers are burnt my dog starts barking and gets difficult to control. The same happened this year too. My dog hid under the bed and did not come out despite all efforts,\" said Adhishree.Veterinarians said other domestic animals like cows, buffaloes, dogs, cats behave strange and often get annoyed, violent or sick when loud crackers are burst incessantly.\"Loud crackers irritate and aggravate dogs to the extent that they attack and bite people. Dogs have a capacity to hear the lightest of the sound which human ears miss. When the level of sound is many times more than normal it annoys them. Some of them hide, others skip meals. Several others bark non-stop. The strange behaviour of dogs suggests how uncomfortable they are,\" Dr R Singh, a city-based veterinarian told TOI, adding that even cows are sensitive to firecrackers and often do not yield milk if burnt by cracker sparks.When asked how to get dogs to eat amidst this sound invasion, Dr Singh said dog owners should raise the confidence of the pet if it is afraid of firecrackers and avoid burning them at home. He said the dog owner should feed it personally and not leave it alone throughout the firecrackers spell.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17236110", "title": "Terrorists using Karachi bourse?", "text": "NEW DELHI: Union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde's statement at a recent Interpol event expressing concern over terror funds routed to stock exchanges was possibly made with the Karachi Stock Exchange in mind, where outfits like Jamaat-ud-Dawah (JuD), a Lashker-e-Taiba (LeT) front, are said to have parked their money.Sources in the MHA said the minister's worries stemmed from intelligence inputs regarding the alleged vulnerability of the Karachi Stock Exchange to manipulation by terror outfits.JuD, though an avatar of the banned LeT, remains a legal outfit in Pakistan and claims charity, social work and education among its prime activities. Hafiz Mohammad Saeed, the prime 26/11 mastermind, is chairman of the JuD.Pakistan has refused to ban JuD despite repeated requests from India as well as other nations, including the US, citing its alleged terror links. The funding for JuD comes from donations surprisingly, from Pakistan state agencies such as Punjab government. In fact, the Punjab government has even extended budgetary support to JuD's youth skill development programme.A large part of earthquake relief aid that poured into PoK in 2005 is believed to have been diverted by terror outfits like LeT, which stands reinvented as JuD.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17238057", "title": "First look of Ravi Teja\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Saroccharu", "text": "The first look of Ravi Teja-starrer Saroccharu has been released by the production house. The film, which was shot in the picturesque locales of Switzerland, Italy, Ooty, etc., is nearing completion and the makers are planning for a year end release or early next year. Kajal Aggarwal is the first female lead while Ravi Teja and Richa Gangopadhyay are paired for the second time up after the super hit film Mirapakaya.Loaded with all commercial elements, Parasuram of 'Anjaneyulu' fame is directing the movie, which is pencilled to be a romantic entertainer. Devi Sri Prasad has been roped in to score the music for the film, in the production of Ashwini Dutt on Vyjayanthi Movies banner. Cinematography is by Vijay K Chakravarthy and Kotagiri Venkateswara Rao is the Editor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17234983", "title": "Pets turn \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcguinea pigs\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 at pharma firm, says Peta", "text": "CHENNAI: Dressed in white jumpsuits and sporting beagle masks, activists of People for Ethical Treatment of Animals (Peta) on Thursday protested against a Bangalore-based pharmaceutical company, alleging that it had imported 70 dogs from China that it intends to use in painful laboratory tests.The activists said Advinus Therapeutics Pvt Ltd had falsely declared the beagles 'pets' on import documents.\"That was just a ruse to get a no-objection certificate. The real reason for importing the dogs is to conduct cruel experiments on them,\" said Peta science policy adviser Chaitanya Koduri during the protest outside the office of the Animal Quarantine and Certification Services, Chennai. She said Peta wanted a government investigation into the matter. The dogs, which were brought to Chennai on October 19, are currently put in quarantine. According to the Drug Control Act, any new drug introduced in the market must be tried on small and large animal species. While rats and mice are commonly used for the purpose, tests are also conducted on dogs. Animal experts say beagles are preferred for experiments because they are docile.\"They are friendly and lovable. Even if they are injected with a painful drug by a doctor, the next time the dog sees the same doctor it will still wag its tail. It is cruel to keep dogs caged in a laboratory, where they may be poisoned, cut open and killed,\" Koduri said.Peta called on the government to conduct a probe immediately. It also asked officials to confiscate the beagles and allow the organisation to give them a chance to be adopted by families.The organisation was critical of the Committee for the Purpose of Control and Supervision of Experiments on Animals (CPCSEA), under the ministry of environment and forests, which registers establishments that conduct experiments on animals or breed animals for the purpose.Members of CPCSEA maintained that Advinus did not keep it in the loop about the import of the dogs. \"We did give the company permission to import, but we were not informed about how many dogs it imported and what kind of medical tests it would conduct on them. We have taken cognizance of Peta's complaint and are probing the case,\" said a member of the body.Officials of Advinus refused to comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17238352", "title": "Indian-American Ami Bera creates history, wins Congressional elections", "text": "WASHINGTON: Ami Bera on Friday won the Congressional election from California, creating history by becoming only the third Indian-American ever to have been elected for the US House of Representatives.While the counting of votes is still going on, local daily Sacramento Bee said that Bera has defeated incumbent Republican Dan Lungren for the election to California's Seventh Congressional District held on November 6.The Sacramento County Registrar of Voters announced on Friday that Bera increased his lead against Lungren in the race and is now ahead by 2.2 per cent and leads by 5,696 votes.Bera's lead has widened with each new count.On November 6, Bera had a lead of just 184 votes, thus necessitating the counting of provisional and absentee ballots. His lead grew to 3,800 votes on Tuesday.\"Today's update shows that we've processed another 38,510 ballots since Tuesday's update. This leaves an estimated 7,782 vbm and of course the 31,000 provisional ballots left to process,\" the County Registrar said.Next update is scheduled for Monday.\"It's increasingly clear that the voters of Sacramento County want new leadership that puts the people first. Our lead continues to widen and we are confident that this election will be resolved in our favour,\" said Bera in a statement.He is currently in Washington for an orientation course for new lawmakers, which incidentally is being led by Lungren.Bera would be only the third Indian-American to have ever been elected to the House of Representatives after Dalip Singh Saund in the 1950s, and Bobby Jindal in 2005 and 2008, who is now the governor of Louisiana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17241745", "title": "Australia to visit India in February-March to play four Tests", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Australia will tour India for a four-match Test series in February-March next year, a top BCCI official said on Friday.The Australians, who had thrashed India 4-0 in the last Test series in their own backyard, will play the four Test matches at Kanpur, Chennai, Delhi and Mohali, according to Cricket Board's CAO Prof Ratnakar Shetty.The visitors will also play a few warm-up games but there are no ODIs or T20s scheduled, he said.Shetty was here on the second day of the first Test between India and England at the Sardar Patel Stadium at Motera.The detailed itinerary of Australia's visit, expected to commence after they conclude their home international season on February 13 with a one-off T20 game against the West Indies, is yet to be announced by the BCCI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17239955", "title": "Colin Farrell opens up about life with disabled son", "text": "Colin Farrell, whose eldest son James suffers from Angelman Syndrome , revealed that he \"nearly broke in half\" when his child took his first steps.The 36-year-old actor revealed that he and James' mother, Kim Bordenave , take delight in his small milestones.\"We share in the smallest victories; the first words at age six or seven, being able to feed oneself at 19, and getting the seizures under control,\" ABC News quoted him as telling Instyle magazine.\"When James took his first steps at age four, I nearly broke in half!\" he said.The 'Recruit' star said that for the first years of James' life, the couple coped in private.\"It was at the Special Olympics in Shanghai in 2007 that I decided, after consulting with James' mother, that I wanted to talk publicly about the pride and joy I had in our son,\" he said.\"He has enriched my life, but I don't want to minimize the trials that so many families go through; the fear, consternation, frustration, and pain,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17235161", "title": "More commuters opt for share auto services", "text": "MUMBAI: Post-fare hikes, more than 60% commuters who travel by autos have opted for share services outside railway stations in the eastern and western suburbs. They no longer prefer hiring an entire auto to the destination as sharing the vehicle saves a lot of money every month. This percentage of commuters is as high as 90% outside stations like Jogeshwari (E), say auto union sources.Said Komal Chanda, a regular commuter in Goregaon (W), \"I had initially decided to switch to BEST buses after the fare hike. But then I realized that there were plenty of autos at the share stand and it would cost me just a rupee more than the bus fare (share fare is Rs 6 while bus ticket for same distance is Rs 5). The share autos are also faster and often drop you quite close to your residence.\" A significant number of commuters still prefer the BEST bus over autos, but among those who travel by autos, a majority opt for the share autos, it is learnt.Another commuter Mukund Kulkarni from Mulund said he had recently found out that there was a share auto service (Rs 7) from station to near Thane checkpost. \"The autos on this stand are in great demand during peak hours and there is a continuous rush of passengers. This was not so before the fare hikes.\"Said auto union leader Thampy Kurien, \"There is a huge demand of share autos in some pockets in the western suburbs. At places like Jogeshwari, Malad and Kandivli (E), the share autos are a must and in great demand these days.\"Another union member said that those who refused to board share autos in the past are changing their mindsets. Some commuters told this newspaper that the fares are so high these days that it was \"economical travelling by the share autos on certain routes\". Those commuters who find even share auto fares \"expensive\" have switched to BEST buses for daily travel.It has also been observed after fare hikes, that a significant number of auto drivers prefer to ply on share routes. \"It is profitable for us. With the share fares being assured, we get customers during peak hours. Besides, drivers earn 33% more (as incentive) on shuttle routes. On the other hand, we have to ply empty on normal routes and wait for a passenger. After fare hikes, the commuter also prefers the share autos the most,\" said a driver, who did not wish to be named.The city has more than a hundred shuttle routes in the suburbs, between Bandra and Dahisar on the western side, between Kurla and Mulund/Mankhurd on the eastern side. Share autos are not only economical, it has also reduced congestion on the road and helps curb pollution. Share autos also help save a lot of fuel as three passengers can be taken to the same destination in one auto instead of three different autos.Consumer activists, too, have been supporting the share auto services. \"We should encourage more share autos as well as mini-bus shuttles outside railways stations. It will make travel more comfortable, faster and not burn a hole in our pockets,\" added activist Sunil Mone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17240160", "title": "Two committees notified to look into mining stakeholder grievances", "text": "PANAJI: The state government has notified two different committees to verify the problems and hardship faced by the barge owners and trucks owners affected due to suspension of mining operations.Barge business committee will be headed by power minister and president of Goa Barge Association will member. Curchorem MLA has been appointed as member secretary.The truck business committee will be headed by industries minister and the members are MLAs from Curchorem, Sanguem, Sanvordem and Tivim. Sanquelim MLA has been appointed as member secretary of the committee.The function of both committees is to interact with all the stake holders and study all the problems faced by Barge owners and truck owners and come out with solutions.\"To ascertain quantum of loan in each case individually and also total quantum and to ascertain other liabilities of the concerned\", said R K Verma in the order.The committees will also recommend to the government a concrete package for these people out of a state fund as well as a central fund.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17237107", "title": "Diabetes can cause deafness, says study", "text": "WASHINGTON: Diabetes doesn't just cause blindness \u00e2\u20ac\u201d it could also make you deaf, a study has warned.According to researchers , patients with diabetes have a significantly higher prevalence of hearing impairment than patients without the disease. They note that the finding is likely to be independent of the effect of aging or a noisy environment.The number of those with impaired hearing more than doubled in the period from 1995 to 2004, researchers said.\"The link between hearing impairment with diabetes is controversial, but it is believed that over time, high blood glucose levels can damage vessels in the stria vascularis and nerves diminishing the ability to hear,\" said Chika Horikawa from Japan. the lead author of the study.\"We found persons with diabetes had more than two times higher prevalence of hearing impairment than those without diabetes,\" Horikawa said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17237386", "title": "Police confident of zeroing in on culprit soon", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The police team investigating the case related to valuables missing from the safe deposit locker of the Punjab National Bank branch on K P Kesava Menon Road, expect to wind up investigation in a week. According to official sources, they have already identified the culprit and are waiting for valid evidence to arrest him.Police are awaiting technical reports including forensic report, super glue fume test and report from the locker manufacturers, and expect to receive them in a couple of days. These, they believe, will provide strong evidence against the culprit. Visuals from closed circuit television camera installed at the entrance of the locker room have also provided tell-tale evidence against the suspect, officials said.According to sources, the suspect, a peon in the bank, was seen entering the locker room many times without entering his name in the locker register. Other staff members of the bank were also seen entering the locker room without entering their names in the register.The custodian of the master keys of the locker also is a suspect in the case, as he is the only person who has the right to handle the keys. The custodian of the bank has also violated the RBI norm about checking the safe deposit locker every day, said police officials.Meantime, police are investigating the source of income of the suspected peon, who recently constructed a house worth Rs 35 lakh and had over 125 sovereigns of gold in a safe deposit locker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "17237380", "title": "Haj pilgrims begin their return today", "text": "MALAPPURAM: The state haj committee is all set to receive the haj pilgrims who will begin their return journey from Mecca on Friday. The first team of pilgrims, who went under the supervision of the state haj committee, will land at Karipur airport at 1.30pm.Unlike previous years, this time the return journey of pilgrims is from Medina. The Saudi Arabian Airlines will operate a total of 32 services carrying about 8,800 pilgrims from Medina to Karipur. As many as 384 pilgrims from Mahe and Lakshadweep went for haj via Karipur, which was the embarkation point to them. This time the pilgrims need not travel from Medina to Jeddah airport as Saudi Arabian Airlines is operating the return flight directly from Medina to Kozhikode without connecting Jeddah. The last return flight will reach the airport on November 29.As part of the preparations, special counters for customs and immigration clearances have been opened at the domestic terminal of the airport. This time the pilgrims need not carry holy water (Zam Zam Water) during their return journey. Haj committee has made arrangements to distribute 10 litres of water to each pilgrim when they leave the airport.The state haj committee chairman T M Bappu Musaliyar said the Zam Zam water for pilgrims have already reached the airport. Last year, the pilgrims could collect the holy water only days after their arrival.The haj committee has reviewed the arrangements made at the airport and at the committee office at a meeting held at the committee office on Thursday evening.Minister for haj P K Kunhalikkutty and the state haj committee chairman will receive the first team of pilgrims at the airport. Haj committee members also would be present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17235975", "title": "5,000 cops deployed for Friday bandobust", "text": "HYDERABAD: Police have made unprecedented bandobust arrangements for Juma (Friday) prayers at Mecca Masjid. In view of the volatile situation in the Old City, over 5,000 police personnel have been deployed in South Zone alone to ensure there are no untoward incidents.As of now, over 4,000 police personnel, including 33 platoons of City Armed Reserve (CAR) and Andhra Pradesh Special Police (APSP), have been deployed in the 17 police station areas of the South Zone.In addition to the present force, about 1,000 more police personnel, including four additional deputy commissioners of police (DCPs), 10 assistant commissioner of police (ACPs), 16 inspectors, 28 sub-inspectors (SIs) and 25 platoons of armed reserve and APSP personnel, would be on the streets for Friday bandobust. Police said that during the afternoon prayers, vehicular traffic would not be allowed around the Charminar and Mecca Masjid. The faithful would have to walk to reach the mosque. The road from the Charminar police station would remain open for people coming from Laad Bazaar and Gulzar Houz to reach the mosque, but the road abutting Bhagyalakshmi temple would be completely cordoned off.The information available with police suggests that following the prayers, large number of devotees may try to reach the Chillah adjacent to Bhagyalakshmi temple under the leadership of some political leaders to offer prayers.But, senior police officials have decided that any such attempt will not be allowed and, if necessary, force would be used to prevent any mob from entering the religious structure. Three companies of Rapid Action Force would be deployed around the Charminar and the mosque to deal with any kind of violent situation.Meanwhile, the Moghulpura police have booked two cases in relation to Wednesday night's communal violence. Five vehicles, including a police jeep, were damaged in stone-pelting incidents at Biwi Bazar and Gowlipura. Five persons, including a woman, suffered injuries. Though there were rumours of stabbing incidents, police did not confirm them. So far, no arrests have been made with regard to Wednesday's violence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17234414", "title": "11km of Ribandar bypass set to get broader, bridge", "text": "PANAJI: Even as the state government plans to undertake the 4/6 laning of the two national highways, it will first undertake the four-laning of a 11 km-stretch of NH 4-A on the Ribandar bypass as a pilot project. The government has already given administrative approval for the project which is estimated to cost about 126 crore.PWD sources told TOI that with the larger 4/6 laning projects of NH 4-A and NH 17 by NHAI getting cancelled, the state government has decided to undertake the widening projects on its own, on a cost-sharing basis with the Centre. The central government will bear 40% of the cost.But the pilot project of 4-laning 11 km of the Ribandar bypass will be done entirely through state funds.The stretch includes the construction of a small bridge on the Chimbel creek at a cost of about 33 crore. The PWD will soon appoint a consultant to prepare a detailed project report of the bridge. This report will include all technical and costing details of the bridge. The consultant will have to submit the report within 90 days. Once exact details are available, PWD will float tenders for the full project.The 4-lane road will have a 11-m carpet on either side with a 2-m median. Of the 11 m, 7.5 m will be for the use of four-wheelers and 3.5 m on the outer sides will be for two-wheelers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "17236075", "title": "Students hospitalized after consuming candy", "text": "KOTTAYAM: As many as 25 students of St Antony's LP School in Chenappady, near Kanjirapally, were on Thursday taken to hospital after a few students had complained of uneasiness after consuming candies distributed by a student celebrating birthday.It is learnt that all the 65 students in the LP School were given a particular brand of candy and three students complained of stomach pain after consuming it.School officials said officials of the primary health centre were informed of this and the three students were kept on observation in the office room.Meanwhile, some parents who had come to know about the incident rushed to the school and demanded that their children be taken to the hospital for medical examination.Around 13 students were taken to the Kanjirapally taluk hospital and another 12 to a private hospital in Kadampuzha.They were kept on observation for a while and sent back after it was confirmed that they were keeping good health.The sample of the candy was sent for testing. District food safety officer David John and food safety officer of Kanjirapally circle, D Wilson, inspected the grocery shop in Kanjirapally from where the candies had been bought. The samples of the candy were also sent to the government food testing lab in Kakkanad, Ernakulam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17236042", "title": "Assailants in police uniform kill SP leader", "text": "VARANASI: A leader of Samajwadi Party was sprayed with bullets at Unch village, under Sarpataha police area, in Jaunpur district on Thursday. The murder was committed in broad daylight and brought the senior police officials on toes.SP leader Ramesh Tiwari (35), an astrologer and contractor, was sitting with his elder brother Rajesh Tiwari in front of his house. They were busy in chatting, when two persons in police dress reached there on a motorcycle and started indiscriminate firing on them with a carbine and fled from the scene. The two brothers sustained serious bullet injuries.The local residents rushed them to a private nursing home in Sultanpur where Ramesh succumbed while seriously injured Rajesh was referred to SGPGI in Lucknow. The reason behind the killing was not known. Senior police officials including IG GL Meena and DIG A Satish Ganesh rushed to the spot. The matter is being investigated. The DIG told TOI that the cops are covering all aspects, including political as well as business rivalry, to solve the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17238689", "title": "No evidence Pakistan knew Osama bin Laden's location: US", "text": "WASHINGTON: There has been no evidence that Pak leadership knew of the presence of Osama bin Laden inside their country, a top Pentagon commander has said citing post-raid analysis of the secret operation that killed the most wanted terrorist of the world.Navy Adm William McRaven, Commander of US Special Operations Command, said at the Hero's Summit in Washington that post-raid analysis of the raid indicates that the Pak leadership was not aware of his presence.\"How could they not know he was there?\" he asked. \"We have no intelligence that indicates the Pakistanis knew he was there,\" he added.McRaven also said that US leadership decided not to inform the Pakistan about the raid in advance as they believed informing Pak about the raid in advance would have put the mission at risk.Sharing details of the daring raid, McRaven said best commandoes were picked up for this raid to kill Laden.\"We hand-picked the guys. They were the best of the best, all across the board. They had extensive combat experience, and consequently I was very confident,\" he said.McRaven said, even while Osama bin Laden is dead, non-state actors continue to pose a threat.\"We've done a terrific job of taking care of the core of al-Qaeda. But there's no such thing as a local problem anymore. Everything in the world is connected,\" he said.He said to minimise the rise of violent extremism, \"You have to create the conditions on the ground where people have good jobs, where there is the rule of law, stability and good governance.\"\"The raids get all the media attention. But the reality of the matter is the bulk of what we do is building partner capacity and working with host nations. I think that's the future of special operations,\" McRaven added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17235862", "title": "Brawl at Kalighat over rape bid", "text": "KOLKATA: Rape bid on a seven-year-old near Kalighat temple sparked controversy after the victim's rescuer alleged that he was thrashed by cops. Police, however, denied the allegation and blamed the man for creating a brawl in front of the police station.Police said that the girl's mother came to the police station on Thursday and alleged that pavement dweller Raja Rao alias Michel had tried to rape her daughter. The woman, a resident of Santoshpuron the southern fringes of the city, works as a domestic help in the Kalighat area. With her mother at work, the minor was playing in front of the temple when Michel tried to force himself on her.\"Around 3pm, the maid rushed to our house and told that some one had tried to rape her daughter. We rushed to the spot and found that the kid crying and her brother was sitting beside her. My elder sister Chaitali Chowdhury then took the woman and the child to Kalighat police station to lodge a complaint,\" said Moloy Roy, who is attached with the television industry.Roy claimed while they were waiting outside the police station, his younger sister Mitali Bhattacharya happened to comment on the waning safety of women in the city. \"My sister was upset and voiced out her grievances on how unsafe people were even in broad daylight,\" said Moloy.Soon as some policemen heard her, they asked her to stop. \"They were rude and thus I protested, but it led to an altercation. I tried to convince them that we were not creating any chaos and my sister was just expressing concern, but they would not listen. Instead, I was dragged into the police station,\" he added.The misbehaviour did not end here.Moloy alleged that he was abused, slapped and even thrown into the lock-up. \"It was after 20 minutes that they released me,\" he said.However, police offered a different version. They claimed that the woman accompanied by the child and Chowdhury came to the police station around 3.20pm and the victim was at once sent to SSKM hospital for a medical test. Police sources said they initially made a general diary on the basis of the woman's account and sent out cops to look for the accused.\"We managed to round up 65-year-old Michel in no time,\" said an officer of Kalighat police station. He alleged that despite taking prompt action, Roy called up some of his friends and tried to create a ruckus. \"They gathered in front of the police station and started abusing the cops. Though we asked them to clear away, they did not bother. When an officer asked them to stop, they manhandled him which led to a scuffle,\" he added.They were making a law and order problem and so we were forced to charge him with misconduct, said police. Roy, however, has was ready to give in. \"I havedecided to lodge a complaint against the officers who allegedly thrashed him. and abused me,\" he said.Meanwhile, police have registered a case of attempt to rape against Michel and he will be produced in court on Friday.\"We are probing all aspects,\" said DC (south), Vishal Garg.A molestation of a minor girl in front of Kalighat temple on Thursday afternoon sparked tension after the person accompanying the victim alleged that police thrashed him inside the police station.Police said that around 3.20 pm, Geeta Das, a resident of Santoshpur in southern fringes of the city arrived at the police station and alleged that an elderly person attempted to rape her seven years old daughter in front of Kalighat temple. Probe revealed that Geeta works as a domestic help at Moloy Roy's residence of Kalighat Road. \" Around 3pm, Geeta rushed to our house and told that some one raped her daughter. We took her to the spot and found that the kid was crying and his brother sitting beside her. My elder sister Chaitali took Geeta and the child to Kalighat police station to lodge the complaint,\" said Moly Roy, attached with television industry. Roy claimed that he was waiting in front of the police station along with his younger sister Mitali Bhattacharya.\" My sister was upset with the incident. Out of grievance she shouted how people are unsafe in broad day light,\" said Moloy. He alleged that as soon his sister complaint of insecurity, some policemen came out of police station and rudely asked her to stop. \" I protested what led to an altercation. I tried to convince the cop that we are not creating any chaos, just my sister expressed her worry. But the cop did not listen and dragged me into the police station,\" said Moloy. He said that police misbehaved with him, abused, slapped and even have thrown him in lock up. \"After 20 minutes they released me,\" said Moloy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "hassan", "code": "17237019", "title": "Tusker tramples man as pal watches helplessly", "text": "Hassan: A 22-year-old car driver was crushed to death by a tusker in Sakleshpur on Thursday morning. The victim Avinash and his friend Vasanth of Shirangala, Kodlipete, Shanivarasanthe taluk, were going to get diesel for their vehicle when they were attacked near Shivanahalli in Saklespur.Hassan district. Avinash was going along with his friend Vasanth by walk to get diesel to his, near Shivanahalli tusker attacked and killed him.Recalling the event, Vasanth said their vehicle was hired by an orchestra team from Kodipete on Wednesday. \"After dropping them, we started back from Yaslur at 11.30pm. At Koodige, our Tata Ace ran out of gas. We were forced to sleep in the vehicle. The next morning we took a can and walked to get gas from the nearest bunk. When we neared Shivanahalli, we noticed the tusker crossing the road. Avinash was way too close to the elephant and could not escape. I ran and managed to escape. The tusker trampled Avinash to death as I watched helplessly from afar,\" he said tears rolling down his cheeks.Vasanth said they were unaware it was an elephant corridor. \"Had we known, we would not have started at night. Villagers came to our rescue as I screamed for help,\" he added.This is the second death this year in Sakleshpur forest range. Mammoths have taken 30 lives so far in the district and 116 people have been injured.What Range Forest Officers (RFO) says:QUOTEEarlier, elephants used to camp only in few forest areas. But since last year they have been visiting the Yaslur range. This year they have damaged crops worth Rs 26.8 lakh in this area. The forest department is trying to shift elephants back to the forest, but it comes back in search of food. Every injured person will be compensated and the family of the deceased will get Rs 5 lakh as compensation.Vinaya Chandra, Range Forest OfficerStatistics1. People crushed by elephants: 312. Injured: 1163. Elephants died by electrocution: 214. Elephants captured and relocated from 1987 till this date: 40times news networkHassan: Shrinivas, 50, JC Pura, Arasikere taluk, Hassanwas injured in a bear attack in the wee hours of Thursday in JC Pura, Arasikere taluk.Shrinivas was in his paddy field when the bear attacked him. He has been admitted to HIMS Hospital.Doreswamy, a villager, said that bear attacks are common in the village. \"They have increased of late. We have complained to the forest department but no action has been taken to trap them,\" he said. They come to our fields in the night in search of food, explained Doreswamy.Dr Shankar, senior surgeon, HIMS Hospital, said Shrinivas is recovering and there is no threat to his life though he has severe injuries on his neck, back and abdomen.QUOTEWe have taken all measures to protect people from wild animals. Controlling animals is a risky job. We have kept cages at strategic spots, but they manage to elude them. As a safety measure, the department can restrict the entry of public into certain zones.RN Lakshman, deputy forest officer, Hassan", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17236655", "title": "People block national highway-14 over road accident", "text": "HUBLI: Traffic between Pune and Bangalore national highway (NH-4) came to a halt for more than four hours on Thursday evening when people from Nalogal in Haveri district blocked the road. The rasta rokho was held following an accident involving a truck and a bullock cart.According to police, the speeding truck rammed the bullock cart, injuring a person and two cattle. Enraged over the accident, villagers blocked the road, causing traffic jam for hours. Police had a tough time convincing the angry villagers to withdraw the agitation.Later the protest was withdrawn after the authorities promised steps to restrict the speed limit of vehicles on road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17237395", "title": "Special team to probe BJP worker\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s murder", "text": "KOZHIKODE: A special team has been constituted by the Crime Branch for the further investigation into the murder of BJP worker C T Manoj, who was killed allegedly by the CPM workers at Payyoli in February, 2012.K M Saidalavi, DyP, hurt and homicide wing of the Crime Branch, DySP P Mohanachandran, two SIs and five civil police officers are the members of the team. The new team will submit the report to the court within two months.The relatives of Manoj had approached home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan with the request to conduct a further probe into the case after the revelation by some of the accused that they were trapped by the CPM leadership in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17235859", "title": "Vested interests bungling up crucial government cases in SC: Ex-ASG", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Union government's litigation manager \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the Central Agency \u00e2\u20ac\u201d is bungling up cases having huge revenue implications in the Supreme Court, alleged an additional solicitor general days after demitting office.In crucial cases, important pages were invariably found missing, full case file was not given to law officers and the briefs were given just a minute before the court hearing, leaving little time to prepare arguments, former ASG Bishwajit Bhattacharyya said in a book recounting his three-year assignment as a law officer. He said he was appointed to handle indirect tax matters but was seldom given cases in that category.He said the government's interest was routinely jeopardized by vested interests in cases with huge revenue implications because of shoddy handling of case files and non-briefing of law officers.\"Who is responsible if crucial pages are torn from the brief which are marked? Who is responsible if only dockets are routinely given without the brief in sensitive matters having large revenue implications for the government? Who is responsible if a brief comes at 10.29 am to be argued before the Supreme Court one minute later at 10.30 am only to ensure that government's interest is jeopardized,\" he asked.The former law officer found the functioning of police stations and their practice of resisting lodging of FIRs unprofessional but said they were better than the Central Agency. \"Between the Central Agency and a police station, if I have to choose, I may end up choosing the police station. Such is the functioning of Central Agency in my perception,\" he said.Bhattacharyya protested against the unprofessional and unethical practices in the Central Agency but to no avail. \"Such was the shockingly callous state of affairs. My protests obviously fell on deaf ears. No one bothered! Indeed, whether the government's interest was jeopardized or not was the least of all concerns of persons who mattered,\" he said.Bhattacharyya said he was shattered by \"such low levels of ethics and morality\" but the worst part was that there was never any effort on the part of anyone to \"remedy the rot, although it could be remedied with strong action in matter of days\".If the Central Agency working was pathetic, the marking of cases to additional solicitors general were most arbitrary, the former ASG said. He wanted to vent his feelings before the attorney general, who heads the team of law officers, but termed the top law officer \"escapist\" who never called a meeting of law officers.\"I was hoping all along, however, that the attorney general of India would call a meeting of all law officers. I was hoping that in the said meetings, I would vent my feelings in the best interest of the government. But not even a single meeting was called by the AG during my entire tenure.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17235172", "title": "50 shuttle routes needed: Unions", "text": "MUMBAI: Aauto unions have demanded at least 50 more share auto routes for the suburbs.\"We had submitted a list of routes to the state transport department before the fare hikes and are expecting that new routes will be introduced soon. Shuttle routes are in demand from passengers and we want our drivers to earn good income on the share routes,\" said auto union leader Shashank Rao. He stated that it was a win-win situation for both drivers and commuters on share routes as both gained financially.A senior RTO officer said the list submitted by Rao was under consideration. \"We had launched 31 new auto shuttles in Mumbai recently and several routes in Thane and Navi Mumbai. We are open to introducing new share routes based on the demand from commuters,\" he said. Auto union leader Thampy Kurien said that there was a need to have \"dedicated autos\" on share routes. \"The government should release some of the dead permits and give it to drivers who will only ply on share routes,\" he suggested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17235281", "title": "NSD all set to host its 11th kids\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 theatre fiesta", "text": "NEW DELHI: Jashn-e-Bachpan - the national theatre festival for children - is back. Held every alternate year, this will be the 11th Jashne Bachpan festival to be hosted by National School of Drama with as many as 17 plays in nine different languages performed by children. The 10-day festival which promises a mix of fantasies, history, comedy and social issues will start on November 18.The festival will see plays from all over the country and performances by special children. Three plays will be performed by them including Dakghar as the opening performance. The play is about a boy named Amal who desperately waits for a letter from the king knowing him to be the greatest authority of the land. He firmly believes that the king will write to him. The play's dialogues are very much like the lines of a poem that goes on forming a story as it proceeds.Dastaan-e-Dilli, again by special children, will mark the end of the festival. The play opens with a delightful re-telling of Krishna and his childhood exploits on the banks of the Yamuna off Kalindi Kunj and it will end with a vision of 'Dilli' in the future seen through the eyes of its special children.There will be theatre groups from Assam, West Bengal, Maharashtra, Kerala, Manipur and Tamil Nadu and even Bangladesh and Nepal will participate.A daily interactive session is scheduled on November 19-29. \"Interactive sessions with play directors and artistes will take place. The aim of these sessions is to absorb energies, skills and processes in order to gain inspiration for future works,\" Anuradha Kapoor of NSD said.Sanskar Rang Toli of NSD will provide tickets which will be available free of cost at the drama school reception from Sunday. Entry on the day of the performance will be on first-come-first-serve basis and timings will be from 11 am to 1 pm and 2 pm to 4 pm.\"There is a wide variety of plays selected by a committee of experts for the festival. While it's primarily for children, their parents and people of all ages have enjoyed the plays in previous years. We have even waived tickets this time around,\" Kapoor said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "17236069", "title": "Streaker on motorbike overpowered by people", "text": "KOTTAYAM: A youth who rode naked on a motorbike through the streets in the town was overpowered by the public and handed over to police on Thursday evening. He appeared to be in his 30s and said his name was Karthik from Panachikkad. Police have, however, not confirmed this.He was taken to the taluk hospital for medical examination as he had shown signs of being mentally disturbed , police said.He began his journey from somewhere near the Manarcad junction and sped through KK Road passing the busy Kanjikuzhy junction, district collectorate, KSRTC bus stand, Kodimatha and finally took a deviation to Mooledom where the railway gate was closed for the construction of the overbridge. He apparently had planned to cross the track through a narrow subway , but people who had gathered at a house where a death had taken place, caught him and handed him over to the police chasing him.There have been incidents of streaking reported in the town before. Around 35 years ago, a youth removed his dhoti and walked through the Central Junction here. In those days streaking was widely reported from across the world. He apparently did it to attract attention. A few years later, in Panavally, a local rowdy walked naked from Gandhi Square heading to BCM College. He was, however, stopped in his track much before he reached the premises of the all-women's college. He, however, pocketed Rs 1,000 from his friends , who had challenged him to do the deed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17241660", "title": "Man arrested for killing father-in-law", "text": "PUNE: A magisterial court on Wednesday sent 42 year old Jitendra Jainath Pal, an autorickshaw driver from Dnyaneshwar colony in Kothrud to police custody remand till November 19 in connection with the murder of his father-in-law. Pal was arrested on Tuesday night.Civil contractor Tejbahadur Singh Thakur, 65, was shot dead by unidentified assailants at his residence in Limayewadi near Shantanu lodge, Sadashiv Peth last Saturday. Thakur owned the old Limayewadi property, which was demolished a year-and-a-half ago for construction of a new building.Investigations by senior inspector Arjun Sakunde and sub inspector Lalchand Khade from the Vishrambaugh police station revealed that the relation between the deceased and Pal had turned sour over the property issue. Due to the dispute Pal had allegedly hired a hit-man to get rid of Thakur. The hit-man had engaged two men to execute the killing, the police said.During interrogation, Pal confessed that he had shown the assailants the place where his father-in-law lived, the police said.After identifying him, one of the assailants shot Thakur on the head. He had collapsed on the spot. The incident occurred around 9 pm. The assailants from Uttar Pradesh have gone missing since the incident.Pal was produced before the court on Wednesday for seeking police custody remand. The prosecution said that the custodial interrogation of Pal was essential for arresting the three assailants and recovering the fire arms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17235494", "title": "Man found dead in Ghatkopar", "text": "An unidentified man in his mid-twenties was found murdered behind a cinema hall at Ghatkopar (W) on Wednesday. \"The body was found around 8.50am behind Shreyas Cinema on LBS Marg. The deceased had also been assaulted on both his eyes and his stomach by a sharp weapon. There were visible strangulation marks on his neck,\" the police said..The The body has been sent to the JJ Hospital for an autopsy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17235032", "title": "2 weeks after setting self on fire, woman succumbs", "text": "MUMBAI: A 25-year-old woman, who was being allegedly harassed for dowry, died of severe burn injuries on Wednesday, nearly a fortnight after she torched herself. The Antop Hill police registered a case of cruelty against the victim's mother-in-law and a relative. No arrests have been yet.The victim, Poonam Singh, from Sion, had torched herself in the presence of her teenaged daughter on October 30. She was rushed to Sion Hospital where she battled for her life for 15 days.Sunita Rao, the victim's mother, said Poonam was being harassed by her mother-in-law ever since she tied the knot two years ago. \"Manju Singh, her mother-in-law, and another relative, Aarti Shinde, would harass her for dowry. All the ornaments we had given to Poonam for her her marriage were sold by her in-laws soon after,\" Rao stated. \"My granddaughter frequently quizzes me about her mother's whereabouts, as we haven't told her about Poonam's death. I don't know what to tell her. I haven't been able to erase the memory of Poonam's charred body from my mind.\"While recuperating at the hospital, Poonam gave a statement that she torched herself, fed up of being harassed by her mother-in-law. \"We would be booking the accused on abetment charges soon,\" said an investigating police officer. The police are hunting for Manju and Aarti.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17236168", "title": "Dara encounter accused found murdered", "text": "JAIPUR: The sensational Dara Singh encounter case of 2006 took a shocking turn on Thursday with one of the accused in the case - Vijay Kumar Choudhary (50) \u00e2\u20ac\u201d found murdered in Churu district. Choudhary's body was found in a village 18 kilometres from Ratangarh town in Churu with bullet injuries on the head.As per Choudhary's telephonic conversation with his elder brother Ashok two days prior to his murder, he was to surrender before a court in Jaipur on Friday.He told his brother that he has been implicated in the Dara Singh encounter case and requested him to be present at the court during his surrender.According to the police, a man named Asgar had taken Vijay to Fatehpur from Jaipur on Tuesday. Vijay was last seen with three men identified as Manoj alias Manohar, Mahipal and Dinesh who took him somewhere from his house in a Swift car on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "17237374", "title": "CBI raids gas agency in Thalassery", "text": "KANNUR: The CBI raided a gas agency at Chirakkunni near Palayad in Thalassery on Thursday following a complaint by the LPG Consumers' Forum.The Forum had complained that agency, RE Bharath Gas, had been denying gas cylinders to its consumers, but selling it in the black market at a higher price.Dharmadom police said the consumers had lodged a complaint against the owner of the agency, Reshma Anoop, a month ago. She approached the police with a counter complaint, accusing the Forum of torturing her and destroying the banners of the agency.The CBI officials could not find Reshma during the day-long raid. Her cell phone was switched off.The consumers had also complained that the agency had been charging money for the Know Your Customer forms, besides forcing them to buy other items from the outlet. They alleged that the agency imposed conditions for sanctioning new connections, where were against rules.As the news of the raid spread, several local residents reached the scene and complained against the agency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17235168", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcLaws on rape being abused\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "NEW DELHI: Expressing concern over the increasing number of false cases being registered by migrant domestic workers at the instance of their employers, a trial court has acquitted three persons, working at an NGO, of raping a woman after the victim turned hostile.Additional sessions judge Kamini Lau absolved charges of rape against Shiv Ram, Baldev Jaiswal and Baba Bamdev, all running an NGO for rehabilitation of migrant women, after the victim deposed before the court that she had falsely implicated them at the instance of the owner of a placement agency where she was employed.Directing the Delhi Police to initiate an inquiry against the person who \"pressured\" the woman to lodge a false complaint and bring them to book, the court said, \"Incidents of gross misuse and abuse of the laws relating to rape and sexual abuse and exploitation of uneducated, ignorant and uninformed domestic workers by unscrupulous persons/ placement agencies etc. for their personal gains, is a matter of serious concern.\"The woman, a migrant from Jharkhand, had alleged that she was raped by the trio on June 2, last year. During the trial, the court however found out that on the date and time of the alleged incident, all the three accused were in the police station in connection with another case.Later, the victim also turned hostile and told the court that she had falsely implicated these men at the instance of her employer who had some enmity against the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17236705", "title": "No trust: Amnesty's Indian boss in line of workers' ire", "text": "For more of the past 50 years it has been regarded as the paragon of human rights organizations - a globally admired beacon of liberty and hope. But a note of discord has crept into the public reputation of Amnesty International.Staff are striking in offices across the globe, and a vote of no-confidence has been passed in its leadership. On the face of it, the human rights organization is being riven over a structural reorganization and a couple of dozen redundancies among its 700 staff. But the real problem goes much deeper and has even been characterized as a 'struggle for the soul' of the human right movement.Staff at Amnesty International UK (AIUK) have called for the resignation of its director , Kate Allen. Staff at the International Secretariat have issued a vote of no-confidence in the ability of the wider movement's Secretary General, Salil Shetty, and his senior leadership team to continue in the organization.The bitter crisis comes as cuts of \u00c2\u00a32.5m are being implemented at AIUK, despite a steady annual growth in income, and despite staff agreeing to a pay freeze. A senior director, Susan Lee, who runs the Latin America programme, has now resigned in protest at the way staff are being treated.Picket lines have formed outside Amnesty's offices in Senegal, Paris, Uganda, Beirut , New York, Hong Kong and Johannesburg.High on the complaints of the Amnesty staff is the lack of agreement on redundancy terms.THE INDEPENDENT", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17235796", "title": "Ailing sister celebrates Bhai Phonta in hospital", "text": "KOLKATA: For the past eight days that 62-year-old Anjali Das has been in hospital, she has had just one prayer - she be fit enough to go home for Bhai Phonta, a ritual that has been as important as religion to her, all her life. Though too unwell to go home, her wish came true on Thursday when hospital authorities allowed the terminally-ill patient to celebrate the occasion with her brother in the hospital.In 2009, Anjali retired as head of the nursing staff of SSKM. Soon after her retirement, her kidney ailment worsenedstarted troubling her and both the kidneys failed, forcing her to come to a private hospital for dialysis thrice a week.On November 7, she was shifted to the hospital from her Santoshpur home after Anjali started complaining of stomach churning and a burning sensation. While the hospital termed her condition as 'critical', the 62-year-old could not reconcile with the fact that she would miss out on the annual family reunion on Bhai Phonta.The youngest among her siblings, Anjali would weep like a child for being unable to take part in the festivities. Her situation pained her 72-year-old brother Benoy Sarkar, a retired headmaster.\"Despite her pain and sinking condition, she kept pleading with me so that she could apply Bhai Phonta. The entire family felt miserable and helpless. We did not know what to do. Finally, my wife urged me to speak to the hospital authorities and see if the ceremony could be arranged at the hospital itself. I was pleasantly surprised when they agreed,\" Sarkar said.Though the venue was Anjali's hospital bed, there was no compromise on the rituals. True to the traditions, on Thursday, Sarkar took with him sandalwood paste, a piece of fried fish for his sister and a sandesh that she could offer him after the ceremony.As Anjali dipped the little finger of her right hand into the sandalwood paste and applied a dot on Sarkar's forehead, the hospital staff looked on with moist eyes. The joy of the siblings knew no bounds. \"I will not be able to explain to you how moved and happy I am.This was perhaps the most precious phonta of my lifetime,\" Sarkar said.\"We are happy that we were able to do this little bit for a terminally-ill patient. It was an extremely fulfilling experience,\" said a spokesperson of the hospitalRupak Baruah, COO of CMRI.For the past eight days that 62-year-old Anjali Das has been in hospital, she has just had one prayer, that she goes home before bhai phonta, a ritual that has been as important as religion to her, all her life. Gradually as she realised that she was too ill to go home, she would spend hours brooding and weeping like a child of not being able to make it to the grandest annual affair of her parental home - bhai phonta, which is a family reunion of all the four brothers and sisters. But where there is a will, there is a way, to use an old adage and the terminally ill patient proved it.So what if she could not go home to her brother, 72 year old retired headmaster, Benoy Sarkar? The hospital arranged for the phonta at the ward itself and at the end of the heart warming affair both the brother and sister wept happily, as hospital officials watched with tear glistened eyes. Finally, Anjali, whose kidneys have failed her so badly that she needs three dialyses a week, rested so peacefully that it seemed that her final wish had been granted.Anjali retired as head of the nursing staff of SSKM in 2009. She is 10 years younger to her brother and the youngest of her four siblings. Immediately after her retirement her kidney disease started troubling her and finally both the kidneys failed, forcing her to come to CMRI for dialysis thrice a week. On November 7, she started complaining of stomach churning and a burning sensation forcing Benoy Sarkar (Anjali is a widow) to urge her photographer son to shift her from her Santoshpur (Akra) home to CMRI immediately. After she was hospitalised her condition turned critical and she started bleeding profusely from her rectum, forcing the hospital to bracket her condition as critical.\"Despite her pain and sinking condition she kept pleading with me so that she could give this bhai phonta. The entire family felt miserable and we did not know what to do. Finally my wife urged me to speak to the hospital authorities if it could be arranged at the hospital itself. I was happily surprised when they agreed!\" Sarkar said.Sarkar took with him a piece of fried fish fir his sister and a sandesh that she could offer him after the phonta as per tradition. He also carried with him chandan paste, again a must.A trolley was kept beside her bed and the chandan, fried fish and sweet laid out. The hospital prepared her for the short event. She sat up on her bed, dipped the little finger of her right hand in the chandan paste and gave phonta to her brother who sat on a chair at the side of the bed. She wished him long life and again as is customary.\"I will not be able to explain to you how moved and happy I am. This was perhaps the most precious phonta of my lifetime,\" sarkar said.\"We are happy that we were able to do this little bit for a terminally ill patient. It was an extremely fulfilling experience,\" said Rupak Baruah, COO of CMRI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17236763", "title": "PGI paper leak: CBI remand of 15 accused extended", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A local court extended the CBI remand of 15 persons accused in the PGIMER MD/MS entrance exam leak scam by two days on Thursday. The CBI special counsel stated that they had procured the documents on the basis of which decoy candidates had applied for the exam from PGIMER authorities and they would need to take the accused to Hyderabad to ascertain the source of the documents and details of the attestation authority. According to the CBI, the accused have not revealed the identity of the actual beneficiaries and the amount charged from them.\"We have recovered four tablets from the possession of the accused but we ascertained the source of only one tablet. The accused have not revealed other details like identities of the actual beneficiaries, amount received and how the money was utilized. We have also seized five inner jackets and are yet to ascertain their source,\" CBI special counsel P K Dogra, said while hearing the case in court on Thursday.\"We got documents of the decoy candidates from PGIMER and now we will ascertain from where these supporting certificates, attached with application form, came. We will also see from where these documents were attested and we might need to go to Hyderabad to collect more evidence,\" he said.The defence counsel argued that CBI sleuths were unnecessarily harassing the accused, who include eight women. \"The CBI has interrogated the accused for four days and they claim that the devices were purchased by the kingpin. So what is the need for further remand for the other accused? They have already done intensive interrogation and have collected all the evidence available with the accused. Therefore, further remand should be denied,\" one of the defence counsels averred.The defence counsel also accused the CBI of denying them a copy of the FIR and remand paper, thereby hampering their case. \"Despite many pleas, CBI has not provided us the copy of the FIR and remand papers. Since we are contesting the case on behalf of our client, we have the right to get access to them. We are unable to move further in the absence of these,\" Anil Bhai, one of the defence lawyers contended.They were asked to apply for these documents in court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17236224", "title": "Was he hiding in some foreign country?", "text": "Jaipur: The police rounded up three men for interrogation after Vijay Choudhary's murder. Vijay was possibly hiding in some foreign country before arriving in Rajasthan. Police said that the case will be cracked soon. Choudhary, who carried a cash reward of Rs 5 lakh was on the run ever since the CBI included his name as one of the suspects in the case.As many as 13 policemen including the then additional director general of police (SOG), AK Jain are in jail as accused in the case. Senior BJP leader and chief whip of the party in the assembly, Rajendra Rathore was recently discharged, but a petition against his discharge is pending in the Supreme Court.Two other accused policemen are on bail. Choudhary was the only accused absconding in the case. Highly placed sources said that the CBI would have tried to make him an approver in the case after his surrender as his statement against the other accused including suspended additional director general of police A K Jain were considered important.Choudhary was accused of bringing Dara Singh to Jaipur and reportedly handed him over to police near Sanganer airport on June 22 in 2006. Dara Singh, a notorious liquor mafia dealer was found killed near Mansarovar the next day. Dara had taken shelter with Choudhary before he fell victim to police bullets. Choudhary was seen as the most crucial link to the entire investigation and his suspected murder is seen as part of a larger conspiracy.According to the police, a bullet had pierced Choudhary's right temporal bone and jaw. IG, Bikaner range, Govind Gupta told TOI that all aspects related to his death are being investigated.SP, Churu, Omprakash told TOI: \"Choudhary's brother Ashok has lodged an FIR against unidentified people with Ratangarh police. Choudhary had come to Fatehpur from Jaipur with Asgar a few days ago. Ashok says that he had called him from a mobile saying that he was to surrender before a Jaipur court on Friday and asked him to be present at that time.\"In its chargesheet, the CBI had claimed that Choudhary, a Sikar-based liquor smuggler, had trapped Dara Singh into the custody of Special Operations Group (SOG) by handing him over to the agency. It had enabled the SOG to stage Dara's encounter on the city's outskirts on October 23, 2006.According to the police, Ratangarh upa sarpanch Kuldaram Sihag called up the local police station about 7.30 am and informed that a body was lying off the road connecting Bhuredi and Franca villages in Ratangarh area. A police team rushed to the spot and took the body to the Ratangarh government hospital's mortuary. There was a Rado company watch and expensive cloths on the body. A local sarpanch, Sajjan Batad, identified the body and said that it was of wanted criminal Vijay Kumar Choudhary, a resident of Fatehpur in Sikar.\"We called some family members of the %deceased from Fatehpur including his brother Ashok and son Akshya who identified him,\" said inspector general of police ,Gupta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17235891", "title": "Adulterated milk attacks Mathura's Giriraj temple", "text": "LUCKNOW: After creating panic among the devotees and other members of the society, adulteration seems to have taken a toll on Giriraj - the direct manifestation of Lord Krishna, the first deity of Kalyuga. and Believed to be Adulteration harms not only humans; it is not good for the health of deities as well. And Giriraj, the deity who was first worshipped by Lord Krishna (aiso dev nahi koye duja, shri krishna ne pahle puja), was the first victim.Giriraj is believed to be the direct manifestation of Lord Krishna. He is also said to be the first deity of Kalyuga.The deity's origin is attributed to ekshila, the portion of the Govardhan Mountain , which was first worshipped by Lord Krishna. Till date, milk and curd is offered to Ekshila round the clock.\"The demand for milk is quite high here, but the supply isn't enough. Taking advantage of the deficit, criminal elements introduce synthetic milk, which not only harms people, but is also causing slow erosion of the Ekshila as well,\" said Radha Charan Kaushik, manager of the temple trust. The matter attracted the attention of the local administration about two months ago when scores of fish in Mansi Ganga lake were found dead. Excess milk from the temple flows into this water body. Locals started saying that adulterated milk that flows into the lake was responsible for the death of the fishes.\"We gathered samples from four main sources that sell milk to the devotees and found that they all failed the test of purity,\" said SK Shukla, food inspector, Mathura. It may also be noted that 77 raids pertaining to adulterated milk and spurious milk products have been conducted by the food inspectors in Mathura since January 2012, and 36% of the samples have failed the purity test. A police case has been registered against 28 persons.However the officer clarified that the fishes did not die because of adulterated milk. \"The fishes died due to some other reason, as the adulterants in milk offered to the deity were not fatal,\" added Shukla. Environmental activists said that the fishes could have died because of low levels of oxygen. \"Several big drains fall into the lake, which is believed to the main source of pollution. Then disposal of religious wastes into the water body, which is common practice on the place, is also to be blamed,\" said an officer in the Mathura administration.Shukla and his team conducted raids in the Daanghati temple of Govardhan in September. As many as 27 samples were gathered during the raid. The report of 24 samples is out and 66% samples (16 in number) failed the test. \"We also conducted raids in Jatipura area and destroyed over one quintal of khoya sweets and 120 litres of milk,\" said Shukla. Jatipura is the first stoppage on the Saat Kos Parikrama route, in which devotees walk down nine places of religious importance located on a 21-kilometre-long circular path.As per official estimates by the Railways, more than seven crore devotees visit the temple during Purshottam Maas (extra month from mid-August to mid-September) this year. \"On a normal day, the average footfall is anything around 40,000 people. The number of devotees increases five to six times on full moon day (puranmasi),\" said Kaushik. He added that the quantity offered by a devotee may vary on the basis of his economical condition. But each one contributes to keep the tradition alive.Significantly, this is not the only religious spot swarmed by people involved in the act of adulterating the milk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17235637", "title": "Mulayam's family priestshot in his Jaunpur village", "text": "LUCKNOW: An astrologer and family priest of Samajwadi Party president Mulayam Singh Yadav was shot dead and his brother critically wounded on Thursday morning when four gunmen in police uniforms opened fire with their carbines at the two outside their ancestral home in Jaunpur district of Uttar Pradesh, 215 km from Lucknow. The manner in which the murder was committed suggested the use of contract killers.The deceased, Ramesh Tewari, 38, was popularly known as 'Guruji' and also linked to a number of other top politicians, including former chief ministers, some high-flying bureaucrats, and real estate giants. Tewari's murder sent the police top brass into a tizzy. Apart from the Jaunpur district police chief and his subordinates, deputy inspector general (DIG), Varanasi Range, Satish Ganesh, IG Zone GL Meena and additional director general of police (law and order) Arun Kumar, too, rushed to the crime scene immediately after the incident came to light. Two STF teams were also summoned to Jaunpur who started investigation immediately.Tewari, who used to live in Lucknow, had reportedly gone to his ancestral home at Unchagaon village under Sarpatah police station of Jaunpur for Diwali. On Thursday morning, he was sitting outside his house talking to the locals when four people dressed as policemen arrived at the scene on two motorcycles. The four 'cops' carrying carbines, touched his feet to seek his blessings and the 'Guruji' obliged. \"The four then sat down near Guruji. As this was nothing unusual and everybody has seen even senior IAS and IPS officers seeking his blessings, no one could smell a rat,\" said an eye-witness talking to the TOI on phone from Jaunpur.After a few minutes, the men in khaki got up and one of them opened fire at him, hitting Ramesh more than twice. His brother Rajesh, who was sitting near him, also suffered gunshot wounds. The assailants then walked away from the scene unchallenged as all others present at the scene had ran away in panic. Once the assailants left, Ramesh and his brother Rajesh were rushed to the district hospital in Sultanpur where Ramesh was pronounced 'brought dead'. His brother was referred to the King George's Medical University (KGMU) for further treatment and his condition was described as critical but stable.Janupur superintendent of police Manzil Saini, however, claimed that only two persons dressed as policemen had arrived at the scene contradicting the eye-witness account which said that four miscreants were involved in the crime. The police were however tightlipped over the possible motives for the murder. Locals said that Tewari was also known for helping bureaucrats with service issues like transfer-postings or pending inquiries against them. He was also known to be helping real estate giants and top contractors in their business matters through his rituals, pujas and personal connections as well.The very fact that four persons dressed as policemen and carrying carbines suggest possibilities of some hardcore contract killers being assigned the job. The use of carbine also adds weight to the possibilities of a well-equipped professional gang being involved in the crime. \"The miscreants only targeted Guruji and his brother suffered gunshot wounds because he was sitting besides him on the other side and was apparently hit by stray bullets rather than being targeted and shot,\" said a senior police officer who visited the crime scene after the incident.Locals however claimed that Guruji's father Rajendrsa Prasad Tewari had contested the last panchayat elections with the backing of Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) during which he had a tiff with the village pradhan Jharkhande Singh. Singh's son Dr Rakesh Singh is a private medical practitioner who owns and runs a private nursing home in Jaunpur city. Police have detained the village pradhan, his son and his wife and were questioning them till late on Thursday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17236540", "title": "Lax officials leaves chief secretary worried", "text": "SHIMLA: Taking note of administrative heads lack of interest in official work under the garb of model code of conduct, Himachal Pradesh chief secretary Sudprita Roy has called the meeting of all secretaries on November 19 to set targets for their respective departments. Since the enforcement of model code of conduct, administrative work is being done at snail's pace as officials waiting for the announcement of poll results on December 20.Roy on Thursday held a meeting with the officials from planning department and took stock of different programmes initiated in the current financial year. \"I have held a meeting with planning department to take feedback. I have called a meeting of secretaries on November 19 in which targets for each department would be fixed,\" said the chief secretary.Sources in government said with officials remaining busy in discussing who will form the next government, developmental works have been hit hard as officials are not showing much interest under the garb of model code of conduct. Such is the situation that funds allocated under the annual plan for third quarter, ending December 31, have not been utilized properly, sources said, adding that slow pace of developmental activity has left the chief secretary concerned.In Himachal Pradesh, model code of conduct came into force on October 3 for November 4 assembly polls and it would remain in force till December 20 when the election results would be announced. Sources said as there's still a month to go before the poll results, lack of interest of officials in developmental activities is going to have direct impact on the annual growth rate of state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "17234942", "title": "Lohardaga policeclean Bada Talab", "text": "Lohardaga: The Lohardaga police on Thursday launched a cleanliness drive to de-weed the famous Victoria Tank, popularly known as Baba Talab here. The waterbody is choking with an overgrowth of water hyacinths. The civic body cleans the tank only on festive occasions and hence the overgrowth. Complete cleaning of the waterbody may not be possible but a section will be readied for devotees to make their offerings. Like every year, the police, this year too took the active role to prepare the historic tank before Chhath.\"Following instructions of SP Jitendra Kumar Singh, we launched the cleanliness drive at the Chhath Ghat of Bada Talab on Thursday. We will continue the drive till it becomes favourable for use on the occasion of Chhath,\" said sergeant major Samir Kumar, who was leading the team.Around 150 jawans of the district armed force were pressed into service to clean the pond, who removed the hyacinths. The hyacinths were then taken away in tractors and trucks provided by the civic body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17240732", "title": "Smarter Cities Challenge Grant for 2013 given to Gurgaon and Chennai", "text": "BANGALORE: IBM announced Gurgaon and Chennai as the two cities in India to be awarded with IBM Smarter Cities Challenge Grant for 2013. This grant provides the two cities with access to IBM's top experts to analyze and recommend ways that will enable them to become even better places to live and work.Launched in 2011, the IBM Smarter Cities Challenge is a three-year, 100-city, 50 million US Dollars competitive grant program. IBM's single-largest philanthropic initiative, the program assigns a team of six top IBM experts to each winning city to study a key issue identified by the city's leadership. Towards the close of the project, IBM experts provide city leaders with analysis and recommendations to support successful growth, better delivery of municipal services, more citizen engagement, and improved efficiency.Well before the IBM team arrives for its three-week consulting engagement valued at 400,000 US Dollars, the team works towards studying the city's issue. After they arrive, they work with city officials to analyze data, soliciting the input of dozens of local agencies and advocacy groups. IBM then provides detailed recommendations for how the city can efficiently and effectively address the issue.For year-three of the IBM Smarter Cities Challenge, cities around the world once again competed vigorously to benefit from IBM's talent and expertise. The winning cities proposed innovative projects and areas of focus for IBM experts. These included strategies that addres Economic and Workforce Development -- reducing local dependence on a single industry, Social Services - creating an ecosystem that supports independent living for a growing senior citizen community, Sustainability - setting policies around billing rates, electric vehicle use, and solar power generation on an upgraded power grid\u00c2\u00b7Capital Budget Planning - enabling citizens to request expenditures, while analyzing their potential impact and Urban Planning - taking a more systematic, data-driven approach to housing policy, downtown revitalization and zoning.As part of the Grant, Pune Municipal Corporation plans to work with IBM to provide better healthcare for its citizens. The project will involve a blueprint for setting up a surveillance system for tracking epidemics. Past data will be collated on several parameters and through the use of predictive analysis it will be possible to forecast when an epidemic is expected. This will enable preventive solutions to be implemented. A team of volunteers/ scientists from IBM's India Software Lab will conduct a pilot as well as provide technical support to the project.Earlier this month, an IBM team also worked with the community in Ahmedabad on issues related to traffic and citizen services. In year-one and two of the Smarter Cities Challenge, IBM completed work in 62 cities globally, deploying nearly 400 of its most talented experts who delivered concrete and measurable results to winning cities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "17234287", "title": "35 sheep poisoned to death", "text": "AKOLA: Thirty-five sheep were poisoned to death while five shepherds were injured, two of them seriously, when some encroachers assaulted them over a disputed land of Gairan at village Godri in Chikhli taluka of Buldhana district on Wednesday afternoon.Umaji Misal (32), Gajanan Surushe (27), Samadhan Bakal (22), Mahadu Rodge (25) and Kailash Dhavre took their sheep to a waterhole in Gairan. But encroachers numbering over 50, including men and women, threw chilli powder in their eyes and assaulted them with lathis and sharp-edged weapons. The injured were taken to Rural Hospital at Chikhli.Shepherds said the waterhole was perhaps poisoned or the animals were fed sweet mixed with poison. On November 12, Tukaram Narwade had allegedly killed a sheep of Sanjay Bakal. Offences were registered by the police.The Gairan has about 950 acres area near Godri on which 40-50 persons have encroached, but the government authorities are reluctant to solve the dispute. Sub-divisional police officer Kalpana Baravkar visited the spot and has started investigations.Property worth lakhs guttedFive fire incidents were reported in Akola on Laxmipujan night in which property worth lakhs was damaged.In another incident, Bharat Book Depot on Telhara main road was reduced to ashes. Owner Bharat Doshi said the fire caused damage worth Rs10 lakh.Jayshri Tea Centre at Janata Square in Buldhana was destroyed in a fire on Wednesday. The estimated damage was Rs10 lakh. Short-circuit was said to be the reason behind the fire. People have demanded a thorough inquiry into the fires at Telhara and Buldhana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17234990", "title": "Ranchi Municipal Corporation fails to meet deadline for cleaning ponds", "text": "RANCHI: The Ranchi Municipal Corporation (RMC) has failed to meet its deadline for cleaning the ponds in the city. Just a few days remaining for Chhath, the civic body is now struggling to finish the work.The 44 ponds, listed by RMC, were scheduled to be cleaned by mid-November. The latest deadline for finishing the work was November 15, which the municipal body failed to meet.More than half of the pond on Jail Road remains filled with filth even five days after RMC's November 10 deadline. \"RMC employees started cleaning the pond on Tuesday. The cleaning work is in progress but we doubt that it will be cleaned properly on time,\" said Sampat Raj, a resident of the area.The condition of Karamtoli pond, also on the list prepared by RMC, is worse. The last date for cleaning was November 10. Residents say RMC workers came for two days, cleaned the pond and dumped the garbage on the stairs. \"They vanished and did not come back,\" said Manoj Giri of Karamtoli.But RMC claims that its cleaning work is almost done. \"More than 90% of the work has been done and almost all ponds have been cleaned. Now only the roads leading to the ponds have to be cleaned which will be done before Chhath,\" said RMC PRO, Naresh Sinha.Reality, however, contradicts RMC's claims. In many localities like Bada Talab, Kusai Colony, residents, riled by the municipal body's repeated failures, have decided to take up the cleaning work themselves.\"We have no faith in RMC employees. They come, inspect and go back and never send anyone for cleaning. On one side of the pond there is garbage and on the other there are bushes. This makes it difficult for devotees to offer prayers,\" said Ramdayal Mishra, who lives near Bada Talab.Mishra said since RMC could not do its duties properly, \"we will have to clean the pond ourselves\".Members of Chhappan Seth Chhath Puja Samiti of Kusai Colony have also come together to clean the pond near Ghaghra Pul. \"We waited for RMC workers to come and clean the pond and even approached our ward councillor but when we got no response we started the cleaning work ourselves on Wednesday,\" said Pradeep Kumar, a member of the puja committee.. However, many among these ponds are used by devotees on Chhath. One such pond is Kamali Talab in Lower Chutia. \"Over 100 people offer prayers here, still RMC is least bothered about it. We have been cleaning the pond ourselves for the last few years and will be doing so again this year,\" said Pallava Kumar, a resident of Lower Chutia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17235177", "title": "Blame it on lifestyle, diabetes rising among children", "text": "COIMBATORE: Kushboo V, a class 12 student of a city school, became diabetic when she was just 9 years old. Her craving for soft drinks, doctors told her, was the main cause for her health condition. Kushboo is not an exception. According to doctors, the number of children diagnosed as diabetic in the city is fast rising.November 14 is not only children's day but also World Diabetes Day and according to doctors' a number of children with diabetics are reported from the city.Dr V Sekar, chief consultant at the Coimbatore Diabetes Foundation, says every month they get around 10 to 15 fresh cases of diabetic children below 15 years. \"Recently, we even received the case of a one-and-half year-old baby boy with diabetes. His parents would always give him soft drinks, and here he was,\" he says. Too much fast food and soft drinks to a sedentary life style doctors say that there are several reasons for the surge in the number of cases.Experts say that the worrying trend is when earlier diabetic children had diabetes type I, now many are coming with type II. While the exact reason of diabetes type I is unknown and cannot be prevented, type II is preventable. Excess of cholesterol-rich food, sweets, and a sedentary lifestyle with little exercise are the reasons commonly attributed for diabetes. Diabetes can later lead to serious health condition. Says Dr V Mohan, a senior diabetologist: \"Most of them develop serious complications in their kidneys, liver or heart within 10 to 15 years. When a 60-year-old is affected, he or she develops these problems only at 70. But when one is affected at the age of 15, chances are they may get serious complications at around 30,\" he says. The cost is not just to the patient or his family; an unhealthy youth population affects the productivity of the national economy.The way to overcome diabetes type 2 is to control the diet and exercise regularly. Dr Meenakumari Mohan, a paediatric diabetologist says while those affected with diabetes must strictly follow the instructions of physicians including a regular exercise and a controlled diet, those who do not have the disease must be careful to prevent the diabetes. Half an hour of exercise of walking in moderate speed at least five days a week is the expected amount of exercise. Vegetables and fruits must eaten more and high calorie food should be avoided.But how can one avoid the urge to have a quick bite, a burger or a pizza? \"Have it once in a while. And once means not more than once a month,\" says Dr Meenakumari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17236600", "title": "Osmania University debars 30, 000 students from writing exams", "text": "HYDERABAD: A staggering 30,000 students have been barred from sitting in the annual undergraduate examination under Osmania University in a massive crackdown to improve extremely poor attendance across colleges in the city and send a strong message to students bunking classes, authorities said on Thursday.About 70,000 students out of 1 lakh registered students are now sitting for the examinations which began last week and will continue till the end of November, senior officials said.\"As per strict instructions of Osmania University (OU) about 30,000 students were detained due to lack of attendance from across all under graduate colleges which are affiliated to the university,\" G Biskshmaiah, Controller of Examination at OU, told TOI.\"The university cannot be lenient with candidates who have just about 20% attendance,\" he added.Authorities cracked the whip to bring some discipline back into the system after they found thousands of students had zero-20 % attendance throughout the academic year and did not take steps to improve their attendance.Officials admit that it was needless to say that regular strikes at the university demanding separate state of Telangana also had a toll on attendance.Two days of strike last week following suicide by D Santosh Kumar, a PhD aspirant in the university campus was an example of how crucial working days are lost.Authorities also barred several student union leaders with poor attendance from sitting in the examination. Some of them spearheaded the T-issue demonstration and prevented other students from entering classes.Several student leaders of Telangana agitation from OU's constituent colleges figured from Secunderabad PG College and Nizam College.\"We have missed classes for a political cause. The state government should intervene and allow students who were part of the agitation to appear for the examination,\" said S Prashant, student leader of Nizam College in Basheerbagh.The academic year itself was short this time and the Telangana strikes made it worse by causing disruption of classes for at least 15 days.Debarred students plan protestsManagements of top city colleges said as per the instructions of the university, they had kept a strict online log of attendance and hence the crackdown was easier as identifying the erring students was not difficult.Students who were denied a chance to write the examination which started last week are planning to protest. About 135 students who were detained in Loyola Degree College, Alwal had submitted a memorandum to the college authorities asking them to write off their attendance shortage.In Villa Marie College for Women, Somajiguda, 30 students who were detained have also staged a protest. The students who miss the examination this November will have to forego an academic year to clear the papers.The management representatives said most students who were detained due to attendance shortage are those who have been bunking college regularly for personal reasons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17235450", "title": "Now, virtual news 'reader' for hearing-impaired", "text": "PUNE: Researchers at the Centre for Development of Advanced Computing (CDAC) are developing an animated sign language translation system that will automatically convert Hindi or English words into gestures, thus making it possible for people with hearing impairment in India to comprehend television news.A virtual avatar or synthetic actor at one end of the television screen will use the sign language, while a news anchor presents news on a channel. The Rs 4.5 crore project, under the Department of Electronics and Information Technology, Ministry of Communications and Information Technology, also aims to make emergency news broadcasts comprehensible to the hearing-impaired during natural disasters and other emergencies.Mahesh Kulkarni, associate director and Head of Department (HoD), Graphic and Intelligence based Script Technology ( GIST) group of C-DAC, said, \"The basic idea is to convert given text matter into sign language, for which we would design and develop the 'Indian Sign Language Captioning Framework'.\"In the past, some channels had a separate slot for news for the hearing-impaired, when a signer would convey the news by means of sign language. \"The main aim of sign language captioning is to help disseminate news of importance to all strata of the society, especially in times of disasters and emergencies. Important information about safety and other aspects during such an emergency should reach all sections of the population so people can be alerted,\" said Kulkarni.He said when the reader would read news, the text will pass through the system, which will then undertake a context analysis. Appropriate gestures as well as emotions required to convey the information will then be generated by the avatar or animated character, which would appear as a signer,\" he said, adding that such a system is necessary especially when it is difficult to get human signers or people who are willing to learn sign language.Kulkarni said that the avatar capturing human emotions and appropriately conveying the message is however, the most challenging aspect of the project. \"Also, the framework would involve using the technique of 'time stamping' so that the news delivered by the news anchor will be perfectly in sync with the gestures of the avatar. Its movements should be smooth almost identical to those of human signers,\" said Kulkarni, adding that the researchers will use the 'motion capture' technique to create the synthetic actor.The avatar could appear on the television screen through a pop-up window, said Kulkarni. C-DAC has got in touch with various national news channels, which showed willingness to adopt sign language captioning for their prime news. \"They concurred that captioned digital media can be a valuable resource because of its entertaining and motivating content. Initially, special broadcasts of some of the more popular programs can be made accessible through the existing channels, they said. They however said that sign language captioning will be more useful for delivering news,\" said Kulkarni.C-DAC will be working along with Ali Yavar Jung National Institute for Hearing Handicapped, Mumbai, to develop the framework. \"We are also thinking about embedding the software in set top boxes in the future, so that the user has an option of switching off the avatar when needed,\" he said.The scientists working on the project will also develop a 'sign language corpus' that will be used to train the system in sign language and signing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17236906", "title": "Haryana dismisses cop for harassing girl", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Taking a serious note of the incident of eve-teasing of a minor girl allegedly by a constable of Haryana Armed Police in Ambala, the police department on Thursday dismissed the cop, Sunil Kumar.While confirming the action, state DGP Shriniwas Vashisht said, \"If anybody is found indulging in such activities, similar action would be taken against him.\"Two policemen were booked for troubling a class VIII student in Ambala on Tuesday. However, one of the these two cops, Amit Kumar , was given a clean chit the next day after the girl, in her statement to thepolice, said he did not tease her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17234855", "title": "Chesteshwar Pujara shows his class", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Virender Sehwag got to a century on Thursday but another class act showed that he had it in him to fill Rahul Dravid's big shoes at No. 3. Chesteshwar Pujara hit some fluent strokes and showed maturity in defence too, ending Day One batting on 98.Towards the fag end of the day, Pujara seemed to get a bit bogged down but hung on resolutely, getting his last 30 runs off 85 balls and hitting just three fours . Earlier, he had 10 hits to the fence in his first 68 runs, which came off 96 balls.\"Pujara is a good player and he showed his class. Hopefully he will complete his hundred tomorrow,\" said Sehwag.Pujara's sequence of Test scores now reads: 4 and 72 (vs Australia); 19, 10, 2, DNB (in SA), 159, 9, 48 (vs NZ). And now 98 not out.Pujara scored at a strike rate of more than 100 against Broad and Bresnan but was more respectful to Anderson (52.94) and Swann (47.69). Sehwag said: \"Pujara knows his game better than anybody else. He's very patient.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17235428", "title": "10-day long stir at Panjab University ends on an ad hoc note", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The 10-day long hunger strike, the longest in the last few years at Panjab University, finally came to an end on Thursday, following an ad hoc solution of a Rs 2.5 rollback on the Rs 6 hike made by the university, which was accepted by the students on strike.The price per meal which was originally Rs 22.5 and Rs 24 in girls and boys' hostels will now be Rs 26 and Rs 27.5 respectively, making it a hike of Rs 3.5. However, this temporary relief will be given to students only till January 15 next year, said Panjab University officials.This decision came as a solution to the deadlock between students and PU authorities since the last few days with both refusing to budge over their stands.PU authorities on Thursday stated that \"A rollback of Rs 2.5 per meal was being done (from Rs 28.5 and Rs 30, which was the hiked rate announced by PU recently) anticipating that their plea for subsidized LPG cylinders would be accepted by the government agencies.\"PU authorities also stressed that students will have to \"ask for the subsidy (rollback)\" at the time of mess billing. \"The Rs 2.5 subsidy (on the Rs 30 and Rs 28.5 priced meals) will be given to the resident students who ask for it. It shall be adjusted against the mess bills of individuals. The university authorities have decided that a subsidy be provided out of an appropriate budget head, as an interim measure,\" the university authorities stated. The protesting students also bragged about their contribution in ending the strike.\"At least some subsidy has been offered to students, which is a big relief,\" said Sunny Mehta, an NSUI delegate. The DSW convened a meeting of executive members and representatives of the PUCSC and other student groups including SOPU, PUSU, NSUI, SFS, SFI and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17235983", "title": "FDA issues licence to onion traders", "text": "NASHIK: The Food and Drugs Administration (FDA) has begun issuing licences to onion traders in the district.As part of its drive to monitor transaction of food items as prescribed under the Food Safety Standard Act, the FDA has introduced a licensing system to the onion traders. It is compulsory for onion traders to obtain a licence from the FDA.According to the new Food Safety and Standard Act, a licence is compulsory for those businesses with a turnover more than Rs 12 lakh and registration is compulsory for businesses having turnover less than Rs 12 lakh.Speaking to TOI, senior official from FDA said, \"We have made licensing compulsory for onion tradersand they have also started taking license. Licences have been issued to many onion traders so far. Our priority is to cover all food related segments, making registration and licence compulsoryto them. As part of this, vegetable vendors, onion traders, pan stall owners and Chinese food stalls have been brought under FDA's scanner,\" he said.There are around 1,500 large onion traders in district, while small and medium onion traders are also in large numbers. All onion traders are to be covered gradually.Nashik district is the major onion producing region in the country and Lasalgaon APMC in the district houses as the largest onion market in Asia. The district produces about 15 lakh metric tonne (MT) ofonions per year (including all three crops - Kharif, Rangada and Rabi). The share of Maharashtra in onion production is around 30 per cent of the country's total production. In Maharashtra, Nashik district contributes 35 to 40 per cent of the state's production. The areas under onion cultivation in Nashik district is 1.10 lakh hectares.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17234826", "title": "8 hurt in Rakabganj gurdwara clash", "text": "NEW DELHI: A clash between two factions during a routine meeting of Delhi Sikh Gurdwara Management Committee's executive body on Thursday morning left at least eight people injured, two of them seriously.Sources said the fight started at central Delhi's Gurdwara Rakabganj after an argument between supporters of Shiromani Akali Dal Badal (Delhi) and Akali Dal (Delhi). Both factions allegedly used sticks and stones in the melee that lasted more than 30 minutes. Witnesses even claimed kirpans were drawn but police did not confirm this.The tension reportedly started around 11am when SAD-B president Manjit Singh GK was not allowed to attend the meeting meant for executive members in spite of carrying an invite from DSGMC general secretary Gurmit Singh Shunty. Manjit Singh is a non-executive elected member of DSGMC.While SAD-B supporters and Delhi Police said only sticks and stones were used in the fight, members of DSGPC, headed by Paramjit Singh Sarna, claimed they retaliated only after Manjit Singh's supporters opened fire.The police were called at 11.15am. \"Manjit and 15-20 of his supporters entered the gurdwara premises around 11am to attend the executive body meeting. Since Manjit alone is an elected member, he was asked to enter alone but he insisted on taking four other men inside. A scuffle ensued but the situation was brought under control soon as men from four police stations were deployed immediately,\" said an officer. Delhi Police PRO Rajan Bhagat said cross cases for rioting and causing hurt had been registered. \"Four persons from both groups have sustained injuries. Investigations are underway and camera footage is being examined,'' he said.Manjit Singh's supporters said he had entered the committee building accompanied by his personal security officers (drawn from Punjab Police) and two party members, after initial resistance from security guards. Minutes later, he and his party men, Amarjeet Singh Pappu and Satnam Singh Aulak, were expelled. Manjit was allegedly dragged outside by karsevaks. Supporters who tried to protect him were also beaten up. Manjit is admitted at the ICU of Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital with a head injury. SADB's general secretary Chaman Singh was also injured.However, Harvinder Singh Sarna, former president of the committee and an executive member, said only the committee president can call special invitees to an executive meeting. \"The meeting was only for 15 members \u00e2\u20ac\u201d five office bearers and 10 executive members. Manjit knew the letter written by general secretary Gurmeet Singh Shunty was null and void. Yet he tried to enter the meeting forcibly. His supporters abused and slapped our karsevaks. Our task force was only maintaining the security at the spot. They fired near our office portico and destroyed the flowerpots. Their action inside the gurdwara premises is nothing but vandalism. If Manjit is injured, it is his fault,'' said Harvinder.Both factions allegedly used sticks and stones in the clash that lasted more than 30 minutes. Witnesses even claimed kirpans were drawn but police did not confirm this", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17241468", "title": "Celebs join Aamir Khan for CID", "text": "Recently, TOI.com exclusively reported about Aamir Khan's presence on Sony TV's celebrated show CID to promote his upcoming movie Talaash. Finally the actor has given a node to shoot for a particular episode of CID.A credible source informs, From Today onwards Aamir Khan will start shooting for a CID episode and will shoot for at least 2-3 days from now. To do justice to the promotional episode, the makers (Fireworks Productions) have roped in few television actors to join hands with Aamir for the track.Actors like Pravine Deshpande, who has acted in the movie Ready and TV shows like Pyaar Ka Bandhan, Kumkum etc, Aliefia Kapadia, who is currently seen in Star Plus's Pyaar Ka Dard Hai Meetha Meetha Pyaara Pyaara and a famous South India actress named Surabhi Prabhu will join in for this special episode.We tried contacting B.P.Singh but he remained unavailable for comments.This particular episode will hit the airwaves next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17235623", "title": "Nitrogen Oxide levels rise during Diwali", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Less respirable suspended particulate matter (RSPM) has been found in residential areas and there is a meagre increase of just five points in the silence zones as compared to last year on Diwali day, data shows that the level of Nitrogen Oxide, a harmful gas, had risen by almost three times.According to information, level of Nitrogen Oxide (NOx) was measured at 32 points in the residential area of Sector 22, against the previous year's 11 points. Similarly, the silence zones recorded NOx level at 36 points which was 25 points last year.An official at the pollution control wing said NOx is a dangerous gas which forms from the combustion of firecrackers. \"But the levels seemed satisfactory. \"The level is okay till 80 micrograms per cubic metre and in Chandigarh, it is lower than the permissible limit though there is a sharp increase from last year's figures\".Besides, the overall levels of noise pollution dipped in residential areas and silence zones, except one-two point difference in the late night hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17235712", "title": "NRI woman's purse snatched", "text": "LUCKNOW: Some bike-borne youths snatched a purse of an NRI woman on Diwali evening. The incident was reported from Mahanagar police station area. A resident of Sector B in Mahanagar, Sheril Miha, who works for a financial institution in London, was returning from her friend's place along with her brother when the two were attacked by a duo on a motorbike near the Gol market chauraha.The siblings tried to chase the miscreants on their two-wheeler but they escaped. There was a cash amount of Rs 3,000 apart from credit cards, important documents, iPhone and another mobile phone in Sheril's purse. Miha's passport was also there in her purse. She came to the city on November 6. The matter was reported to the Mahanagar police who tried to locate the miscreants but did not succeed. In another theft case, house of school principal was burgled in Panchvati Colony area of Rahimnagar. Nujhat Anjum, the victim in the said case had gone to meet her husband, who is settled in Mumbai, and was away for a week. She found her home ransacked when she came back from Mumbai on Tuesday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "tehatta (nadia)", "code": "17235839", "title": "'Would have been killed if I didn't fire'", "text": "TEHATTA (NADIA): Emerging out of the hour-long meeting with IGP South Bengal Mihir Bhattacharya from the Tehatta police station on Thursday afternoon, Sailesh, the 2010 batch IPS officer didn't show the strain of the past 24 hours. Instead, he had a smile for the waiting journalists and after a curt \"no comments\", strode in his waiting Tata Sumo. The only noticeable differences - a bandaged right arm and Stracco personnel instead of SAP bodyguards.\"I would have been killed if I didn't fire,\" was how SDPO summed up the situation that has plunged the Mamata Banerjee government in its latest crisis. Sailesh said, \"I reached the spot at 8:10am. There was a bandh and the road (the state highway from Krishnagar to Karimpur) was closed. We tried to convince the agitators but when they didn't budge, we had to resort to lathicharge,\" he said. But perhaps on hindsight, he might have felt this was wrong though he wouldn't say it. For he himself later said the lathicharge seemed to agitate the protestors and they started intense brickbatting.Sailesh claimed police maintained protocol. First, nine teargas shells were fired. It was followed by three rubber bullets and then five plastic bullets. The last resort was 2 stun grenade, a non-lethal flash grenade. But the crowd grew in number instead of dispersing. \"There were nearly 500-1,000 of them and I was left alone with my two bodyguards. There was no option to make a dash,\" he said. He entered the home of Toofan Ghosh, a local cinema hall worker.Ghosh, too, was in a state of daze on Thursday. \"I saw the officer running in my home with two other personnel whom I could make out to be his bodyguards. Once they entered, I noticed a mob trailing them hurling stones and brickbats. I asked my son not only to bolt the front door but also the main gate,\" he said. A narrow alley leads to Ghosh's main gate. Ghosh claims he heard several deafening noises which could be bombs or bullets.\"I was scared. I pleaded with the senior officer to leave my home else the mob will attack me and my family. The officer agreed and he left my home to enter another,\" he said. By then, the bullets fired by Sailesh and his bodyguards had felled one person, and critically injured another.Even as Sailesh was worried about his own safety, he was on the brink of nervousness thinking about his wife and 14-month-old child. The SDPO bungalow is barely a stone's throw from the PWD More where the bloody scenes were unfolding. He called his wife to be told that people have gathered near their bungalow and are pelting stones. He asked them to secure themselves and be on alert. They escaped unhurt but the trauma has left them scarred. The officer is trying to send his wife and child to Uttar Pradesh till it is safe for them to return.While Sailesh, an MBBS who opted for IPS in his UPSC examinations, narrated a convincing account to his superiors - Mihir Bhattacharya and DIG (Murshidabad Range) Asoke Prasad - the question seemingly unanswered is why IC Tehatta Deboprasad Pauranik and the 25 personnel accompanying him (including eight sub-inspectors) chose to desert their superior under whose instruction they were working there. It, however, takes an hour to mobile forces from Krishnanagar to Tehatta, barely a 37-kilometer distance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17239758", "title": "Aamir played a perfect host at his Diwali bash", "text": "Aamir Khan's Diwali party started at 10 pm on Tuesday night and finally ended at 11 am the next morning. Undoubtedly the longest Bollywood Diwali party in the hoary history of the festival of lights, without the camera but plenty of action!The guest list was expectedly impressive. Among the huge crowds of friends family and colleagues who showed up at Aamir's Pali Hill residence there were Karan Johar , Ashutosh Gowariker and wife Sunita, Raj Kumar Hirani , Ronnie Screwvala and Siddharth Roy Kapoor (of UTV), Uday Shankar(of Star Plus), Riteishh Desmukh, Sharman Joshi, Farhan &amp; Zoya Akhtar , Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra and wife Bharati . Some of Aamir's guests spent the early part of the evening at the Bachchans' Diwali party and then hopped over to Aamir's to really let their hair down.First-timers this year at Aamir's annual Diwali party were Salman Khan , Katrina Kaif , Anushka Sharma (both girls-bonding big-time throughout the party) and Ranbir Kapoor who came in solo. Incidentally Ranbir was missing from the impressively-attended Jab Tak Hai Jaan ( JTHJ ) premiere the previous night (although he was an integral part of 2 Yashraj Films and although his parents have a role in JTHJ ).At Aamir's party, Ranbir was seen hanging around with Imran Khan and his wife Avantika most of the time, while Salman was in his element. He hung around mainly with Aamir and left earlier than the other guests.No doubt the biggest star-attraction of Aamir's Diwali bash was his son. Little Azad was in his element. According to one of the guests, \"Azad is a natural-born scene-stealer. He is a replica of his father in his looks. He slept until 11 pm and was then brought into the party where he had himself a ball. It was his first Diwali but he hung around like a veteran of many Diwalis, enjoying every bit of the fireworks and the attention.\" It was touching to see little Azad's bonding with his half-brother Junaid and half-sister Ira.Says a guest, \"Azad was completely comfortable with Junaid and Ira. I personally saw all three siblings spending time together at the party. Kiran (Mrs. Aamir Khan ) too was bonding during the party with Junaid and Ira. But we didn't see Reena (Aamir's first wife). Maybe she was inside, away from the party. But Aamir's brother Faisal and his wife were there, and very much part of the family celebrations.\" Besides the film fraternity, Aamir had invited all his school and college friends.He made sure to give equal attention to both his filmy and non-filmy friends.Says a guest, \"Aamir's friends go back a long way before he became an actor. His non-filmy friends were at the party. It's amazing how well he managed to apportion his attention among all his guests. Aamir looked after every guest at the party. He took care about their food and drinks. There was an all-night long spread of Italian,Chinese, continental and Mughlai food all through the night. The guests could eat whatever they felt like whenever they felt like it.\"Then there were the cards-sessions all night long. But no money was used to play taash . \"We played cards without money-stakes. Aamir is against gambling even at Diwali,\" informs a guest. By now Aamir Khan's compulsive desire to be an ideal citizen is well-known. He proved it once again this Diwali when after his all-night party at his residence in Pali Hill, guests were provided by in-house drivers to avoid drunken driving. One of the prominent guests who reveled the whole night and was too tipsy to be at the wheels said appreciatively, \"That's Aamir for you. He thinks of every aspect of every situation. If he hosts a party every detail is looked into by him personally.Yes, he had lined up a fleet of drivers to take to the wheels of his Diwali invitees' cars in case they were in too drunk to take to the wheels. When the guests were ready to leave in the morning Aamir did an impromptu breath-test . Those of us who smelt of alcohol were forbidden from driving.We were provided drivers to do the needful.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "karwar", "code": "17236378", "title": "Seabird land losers block national highway-63", "text": "KARWAR: The Karwar -Ankola Seabird Land Losers' Forum on Thursday blocked national highway 63, in front of main gate of the Seabird project at Arga near Karwar. The protest was against defence ministry's decision to go for revision petition in the case regarding payment of compensation.In a memorandum to the defence ministry, the forum said that to facilitate the project government had acquired thousands of acres of land in 1986, which affected 4032 families from 13 villages. Initially only Rs 150 per gunta of land was paid as compensation. Aggrieved by this land losers' forum moved to court and was awarded Rs 11,500 per gunta land. An appeal against court's rule was filed by the defense estate officer, which was dismissed by the Supreme Court. The court asked the defence estate office to pay the enhanced compensation to the evacuees.The land losers alleged that when they contacted the district administration for the compensation, they refused to pay saying that there is provision for review petition which can be filed within the 90 days of the judgment. The forum demanded that the defence ministry not to file any revision petition and the defence estate officer to disburse the enhanced compensation Rs 11,500 along with all statutory benefits to the landowners and/or their legal representatives within the four months from the date of judgment in the form of demand draft.There were skirmishes between the protesters and police when the protesters tried to block the highway. Later the situation brought to the control.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "ghatal", "code": "17235757", "title": "Woman and her 5-year-old son set on fire, kin held", "text": "GHATAL: A 30-year-old housewife and her five-year-old son were allegedly burnt to death by the woman's in-laws at Barisinghpur village in West Midnapore's Ghatal on Wednesday night.Bodies of Santoshi Das and her son Soumen were recovered by Ghatal Police on Thursday morning. Acting on a complaint by Santoshi's brother Amar Das, police arrested the woman's parents-in-law, two sisters-in-law and a brother-in-law. The five arrested were produced in Midnapore court on Thursday and remanded in judicial custody for 14 days.Amar alleged in his complaint that Santoshi's in-laws set ablaze the room used by his sister and her son when both were sleeping inside. \"They then locked the burning room from outside,\" Amar alleged in his complaint.Apart from the five arrested, Amar also complained against Santoshi's husband Kamal and his brother Bimal who work in a jewellery shop in Hyderabad.Amar said that his father Kishore Das of Fatehpur village fixed Santoshi's marriage with Nepal Das's son Kamal seven years ago. He also alleged that Santoshi's sisters in-law had demanded Rs 1 lakh as dowry before the wedding. \"When we could not meet the demand, Santoshi's in-laws started torturing her. They would often beat up my sister,\" Amar said in his complaint.West Midnapore SP Sunil Chowdhury said police have recovered the burnt bodies of the woman and her son and also received a complaint that they were burnt to death. An investigation is on and the bodies have been sent for post-mortem, he said. According to him, police teams will also be sent to Hyderabad to take Kamal and Bimal into custody. Both brothers are among the seven named by Amar in his complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17236222", "title": "Law minister to review judge gag clause in judicial bill", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a departure from the rigid stand taken by his predecessor, Union law minister Ashwani Kumar has sought to review the controversial clause in the Judicial Standards and Accountability Bill that prohibits judges from making unwarranted comments against any constitutional authority in open court during hearing of cases.Kumar, who called for the file immediately after joining office, has hinted to his officials that Section 3(2)(g) of the bill that has been at the centre of a spat between the higher judiciary and the government, should be dropped and a revised draft of the bill be introduced in the winter session of Parliament.Former law minister Salman Khurshid , who has taken over as external affairs minister, was firm that the specific provision would stay in the Judicial Standards and Accountability Bill 2012.Khurshid had said the government had taken note of certain remarks by some higher courts on constitutional bodies and other authorities in open court, which were seldom reflected in writing during judicial pronouncements. \"That is why a specific provision has been proposed to be made under Section 3 of the chapter on judicial standards to be followed by judges, in the Judicial Standards Bill,\" Khurshid had said.Section 3(2)(g) of the bill prohibits judges from making unwarranted comments against the conduct of any constitutional or statutory authority at the time of hearing matters, which are pending before them or are likely to arise for judicial determination. The government also proposes to accord statutory sanction to the Restatement of Values of Judicial Life, which was adopted by a resolution at the full court meeting of the Supreme Court in 1997, by making it a part of the Judicial Standards and Accountability Bill.The Judicial Standards and Accountability Bill was passed by the Lok Sabha on March 29 and is pending consideration in Rajya Sabha after the introduction of fresh amendments. After changes are incorporated and the bill is passed by the upper House, it will again have to be presented in the Lok Sabha.The spat between the judiciary and the government over the gag clause has been going on for some time with critics saying that judges make comments to play to the gallery as many such observations don't find mention in the verdicts. Judges themselves are split on the issue. Some say that the questions they raise on constitutional authorities may put a misleading picture on the issue under consideration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "17235651", "title": "4 Mumbai businessmen found murdered", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: Four real estate agents were found brutally murdered at a Panvel farmhouse early on Wednesday. They had reached the venue on Sunday for a two-day party during the Diwali break, it is learnt.Police are speculating that business rivalry could be a possible motive. All the four victims, aged between 40 and 50, reportedly dealt with various properties and land plots in Navi Mumbai and Raigad regions.Bloodied bodies of Ramdas Patil, Nitin Joshi, Pritam Gharat and Balaram Topale were recovered from the farmhouse at Shirole village. Patil's uncle, reportedly, is the owner of the farmhouse.While Patil's head was fatally smashed with a heavy stone, the other three were shot dead from a close range.Police have recovered a country-made handgun, which was reportedly found in Topale's hand, though they said, that according to their probe, this gun was not used to fire at the victims.While the police have not yet made any formal arrests, four dedicated teams have been set up to investigate the case and the cops have confirmed that they are getting vital clues on the suspects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17234974", "title": "Filth surrounds hero's samadhi sthal", "text": "RANCHI: The state on Thursday celebrated 137th birth anniversary of the legendary tribal hero, Birsa Munda. But one look at the samadhi sthal, situated in the heart of the city, and one can estimate the state government's apathy in giving the hero its due respect.The samadhi sthal, which is surrounded by walls and tall gates, is filled with garbage, feeling the air with an obnoxious stench that will far from raise one's patriotism.This is because the whole place has been turned into a market place with vendors selling fish, meat and vegetables. The Ranchi Municipal Corporation's promises to shift the market to a proposed complex is yet to be fulfilled.It is only during the anniversary of Birsa Munda, when the chief minister and other dignitaries visit the place to pay their tributes, that the civic body temporarily cracks its whip on the vendors and prohibits them from putting up stalls in the place.\"Like every year, this year too we have been told not to set up our stalls here as today (Thursday) is Birsa Munda's birth anniversary and and the governor will come here to pay floral tributes to his statue. This has affected our business badly because we totally depend on our daily earnings,\" said Lalan Yadav, a vendor who has a stall at the site.Yadav further said the alternate place proposed by RMC remains elusive.Deputy CEO, RMC, Gopalji Tiwari, however said, \"There has been no action taken for building up a marketing complex for these vendors and nothing has been done in this connection till now.\" No sooner than the function got over on Thursday, it was business as usual for the vendors. and no authority was seen around to stop them from doing so.Amit Srivastav, who lives in the area, said, \"I always pass by this lane and at times it becomes difficult to even breathe here due to the stink emanating from the fish and meat. The corporation should have given importance to Birsa Munda sthal which is enough reason to maintain cleanliness in the area.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17235883", "title": "Govt extends KYC form submission deadline till Nov 30", "text": "LUCKNOW: In another relief to people with multiple illegal LPG connections, the ministry of petroleum and natural gas has extended the deadline to submit Know Your Consumer (KYC) forms till November 30. Earlier the submission date was November 15. The second extension in deadline comes in wake of mammoth task of streamlining LPG connections.The oil companies' officials said the announcement was expected as it was almost impossible to regularize the sector within a short span. Officials expressed the possibility of further extension in the deadline owing to confusion among the companies and dealers on how to deal with the situation. They know about the core guidelines but have no clue about the way forward.A dealer said, \"It seems as if the ministry is also confused. They have laid down the new guidelines but have no practical approach to achieve them. We are again waiting for a new deadline. On one hand, they are announcing that people who will not submit KYC forms will be liable for cancellation and on the other they keep extending the deadline.\" He expressed his concern saying that nobody would take the new system seriously unless the ministry frames a feasible strategy towards regularization of the sector.The industry denied that deadline was extended on account of Diwali. Instead, it said that given the extent of illegal connections and poor control, the ministry feels it would need some more months to streamline the sector. \"People were never questioned about LPG consumption until now. Many had no documents but were never questioned. Now they are being asked to follow a strict procedure. It would take time for them to imbibe the new situation and process\", said an official.DP Singh, president, UP chapter of All India LPG Distributors Federation (AILDF) told TOI, \"Our association's office bearers met the ministry officials and told them that given the number of KYC forms to be updated online they would require at least another 45 more days. The ministry has only given us 15 days extension. They might extend it further.\"Singh explained problems about collecting KYC forms, \"People have become too speculative and are approaching dealers in such a large number that it is difficult for staff in a dealer's office to individually explain them. There is a small staff in every dealer's office and their prime job is to supply cylinders and keep a track of it. With the new format, dealers are complaining that most of their time is consumed in explaining to the consumers about the form.\"He added that the UP belt is dominated by rural and uneducated people who don't know any technicalities about the form. \"It's a challenge to explain them till they are convinced. Moreover, people with single connections who are not required to submit KYC are also approaching dealers, often with incomplete forms making things even more chaotic. A dealer said that it takes a lot of time to update every detail about KYC form online.Presently, only those consumers who have connections with different name and same address, or same name and same address and who have given incomplete details on the forms need to submit KYC forms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17236317", "title": "Timber trader shot at in Pink City", "text": "Jaipur: A prolonged dispute over money took an ugly turn when a timber merchant was shot at on Thursday at the crowded Devi Nagar locality.The incident took place at 9 am when the victim, Sheoji Ram Jangir, was standing outside a pan shop with two other persons, Babu Lal Saini and Tillu. They were discussing on some money matters, police said.Two bike-borne assailants suddenly came there and opened fire at Sheoji Ram. The bullet pierced his body while hitting the lower abdomen. Soon after, the passersby informed the police and ambulance.\"The primary investigation suggested that it was an outcome of a prolonged dispute over property and money. The key suspect in this case is one Sharavan Soni who was at loggerheads with the victim for quite some time over a property dispute,\" said G L Meena, additional commissioner of police ( ACP).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17241035", "title": "Vijay-Vijay project pooja held!", "text": "Director A.L. Vijay, who directed Vikram-starrer 'Thandavam', has begun work on his next film with actor Vijay. The pooja of the untitled film starring Vijay and Amala Paul was held in Chennai today.Actor Vijay is already on cloud nine as his Deepavali release Thuppakki is breaking records at the box office. Director Vijay will be calling the shots for Ilayathalapathy Vijay's next project.The actress revealed the news on her twitter home page tweeting \"Just done with the pooja of my upcoming untitled film with Dir Vijay-Vijay and team ... wish us luck and prayers :-) godspeed ...\"A major part of the film will be shot in Spain while the second half will showcase Vijay in a never-seen-before avatar.G.V. Prakash would be the music director while Nirav Shah would be the cinematographer and G.V has already started composing the scores.The film will have both comedy and romance in equal proportions and the most interesting fact is that Sathyaraj and Nassar will play important roles in this stylish entertainer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17240897", "title": "Investors click social commerce for e-tailing", "text": "MUMBAI: Content, community and shopping are the new buzzwords in the Indian online retail space as investors warm up to the idea of social commerce. A slew of community-based websites have hit the burgeoning e-tailing market in India, which so far has been dominated by discounts and deal sites.Social shopping as a digital concept builds on consumer's offline shopping experience \u00e2\u20ac\u201d browsing with friends, taking their opinions on things they like, earmarking stores or products they like and talking about their purchases.US-based investors Matrix Partners and Lightspeed Venture recently pumped $5 million in Limeroad.com, while few angel investors bet on another community commerce website Buynbrag.com. Other players in this space are Wehelpshop.com and Klip.in.Investors behind India's online shopping start-ups \u00e2\u20ac\u201d modeled along successful engines in the US and China \u00e2\u20ac\u201d are seeking differentiators and enablers in a developing market. And bringing social shopping into the online space is beginning to appeal to an increasing set of investors. Again, some of these ventures reflect booming American start-ups like Polyvore.com.\"Social commerce brings in the power of the viral growth as it mimics the offline world in terms of the shopping behaviour. Women will be a huge chunk of online shoppers going forward in India and this venture will cater specifically to them with a highly differentiated curated shopping platform ,\" Avnish Bajaj, managing director, Matrix India, said. The VC fund is a primary investor in the Silicon Valley start-up Polyvore along with Benchmark Capital, DAG Ventures, Goldman Sachs, and Vivi Nevo (NV Investments). The Indian e-commerce industry in the last one year has been in belt-tightening mode as customer acquisition costs went awry for many players even as funds were hard to come by. Marquee investors cracked down on burn rates and cost structures in their invested companies in order to streamline operations.Social commerce mostly operates on the marketplace platform and allows players to not take on an inventory pile, helping costs in a big way. \"We will offer no heavy discounting and won't pile up inventory. Also, our model helps us have a very low return rate,\" says founder &amp; CEO Suchi Mukherjee, who has had stints with eBay, Skype and Gumtree. The other co-founders are Manish Saksena, ex-COO of Tommy Hilfiger India, and Ankush Mehra, former head of supply chain at Reliance Hypermarkets.\"Community commerce has the potential do very well. Its appeal is more to the younger, socially inclined audiences who are not always looking out for deals,\" says Niren Shah, managing partner, Norwest Venture Partners, which has invested in e-commerce sites such as FashionandYou.com and Pepperfry, among others. Shah says Norwest is monitoring this space closely and will invest once there is enough traction in some of the players.Shopping with palsSocial shopping builds on offline experience, facilitating discussion of products, purchases &amp; their promotion Investors expect viral growth, with women being biggest target as they are projected to form majority on the platform. Social commerce also helps industry cut down on inventories and, hence, costs too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17236519", "title": "Antony to open Strategic Electronics Factory tomorrow", "text": "MANGALORE: Defence minister A K Antony will inaugurate Hindustan Aeronautics Limited's Strategic Electronics Factory (SEL), which manufactures advanced avionics for aircraft and helicopters at Kasargod on Saturday.Kerala chief minister Oommen Chandy will inaugurate the production facilities at the same function.\"Avionics plays a major role in the functioning of modern aircraft and contributes significantly to the value of an aircraft/ helicopter. Considering the huge potential in avionics systems in the coming years, a new, state-of-the-art manufacturing facility for a variety of avionics has been established at Kasargod. This would result in better operational effectiveness and improved customer satisfaction,\" said RK Tyagi, chairperson, HAL, in a statement.Kasargod was shortlisted for setting up SEL given the availability of adequate land, power, water and better logistic facilities. Kerala government allotted 196 acres for setting up the new unit. The foundation stone for the construction of the factory building was laid by Antony on August 23, 2008.The first phase of this factory has been set up at a cost of Rs 66 crore. At present, seven buildings are dedicated for various activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17236314", "title": "Cops crack down on illegal ads", "text": "GURGAON: To make the city free from unwanted posters, pamphlets and wall advertisements, the Gurgaon police in collaboration with the Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA), have launched a campaign against the offenders and started lodging cases against them under the Prevention of Defacement of Property Act. So far, one FIR has been lodged for the offence. Police officers said volume of such posters and hoarding goes up during festive seasons. \"People do not even spare road signage and other important landmarks while doing so. This does not make the place look ugly, but also causes a lot of inconvenience,\" said Maheshwar Dayal, DCP (east) adding that the campaign will continue in the coming months. Dayal informed that actions will be taken against for putting up posters announcing festive greetings, vacancy announcements, to-let accommodation and other services. A HUDA official said the campaign also cover anti-encroachment drives where people squat on roads and other public property. Two FIRs have been registered under this offence where one businessman was selling building materials by the roadside and another had parked used cars for sale. Besides, the administration has also planned to tighten the noose around event organizers who use public places to hold functions and later vacate the place without removing the hoarding. ,Dayal said a meeting with district administration was conducted in this regard where it was decided that a certain amount would be kept as security deposit. In case event organizers fail to clean up the place, the security deposit would be used for that purpose by the administration. A visit to any place in the city revealed that there is not a single electric pole without such posters. Police officers said property dealers, to-let advertisers, generator and tent service providers are the prime offenders in defacing them. Dayal said residents can also register complaints with his office, if the walls of their houses are used for advertisements. One can visit DCP (east) office in Sushant Lok I or call at 0124-2573659. According to the Haryana Prevention of Defacement of Property Act, whoever defaces any property in public view except a board or wall provided for advertisement and publicity, except for the purpose of indicating the name and address of the owner or occupier of such property, shall be punishable with imprisonment for a term which may extend up to six months or with fine which may extend up to Rs 10,000 or with both.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17235477", "title": "9 more ghats declared dangerous", "text": "PATNA: The district administration on Thursday added nine more ghats under Danapur subdivision to the list of 22 already declared dangerous Ganga ghats for Chhath as Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) has started digging over 28 ponds under its four circles for devotees to offer arghya.\"Six ponds under the Patna City circle were dug and ghats are being constructed on a war footing,\" said Chandrama Singh, additional commissioner, PMC.\"Among the 28 ponds, 22 are being renovated. Twelve ponds under New Capital circle, six under Kankarbagh circle and four under Bankipore circle are being renovated under the supervision of PMC officials. A changing room and a temporary lavatory would be set up near each of the ghats. At least 250 devotees can perform their puja at a time at many of the temporary ghats. Manickchandra ghat at Anisabad is the largest one as it can accommodate around 2,000 devotees,\" he said.The locals of the area, along with the PMC workers, are digging the pond and preparing the ghats. Chhath puja committee members are also joining hands with the PMC workers. Birju Kumar, a member of Chhath Puja Samiti, Boring Canal Road, said, \"Devotees have been performing Chhath puja at the pond near Boring Canal Road since 1957. We are also collecting money from the locals and many of them are working together with the PMC workers to develop the ghats.\"Sunil, a member of Friends Colony puja samiti said, \"We have been organizing Chhath puja for the last six years. We would try to set up changing rooms. Separate lavatories for men and women would also be there.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17236459", "title": "Ghaziabad to host Interpol programme", "text": "NEW DELHI: India has requested Interpol to come up with a special notice for terror cases, which is not a part of the existing red corner notice. The request was made at the recently concluded general assembly of Interpol in Rome, which was attended by home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde and CBI director A P Singh. \"It will simplify the process for all the investigating agencies to know about terror suspects if the notice's colour or style is changed,\" said an officer. Interpol is reported to be examining the request.In the general assembly, it was also decided that Interpol will hold training programmes at the CBI academy in Ghaziabad, for the Asia-Pacific nations. Training will be imparted to law enforcement officers of various countries on bio-terrorism, investigation of maritime piracy and anti-corruption cases, and there will be focused attention on fugitives involved in terror cases. \"This was agreed upon at the Interpol's 81st general assembly which was held in Rome last week. In a series of meetings, Interpol secretary general, Ronald Noble, sought India's contribution for officers to the Interpol Global Complex for Innovation (IGCI) in Singapore . He also emphasized on the development of a mechanism for informal cooperation with national central bureau (NCB) - India, relating to investigation of cyber crimes,\" said CBI spokesperson Dharini Mishra.CBI officials also held separate meetings with Saudi Arabia , the US, South Africa , the Netherlands, France, Malaysia, Nepal, Pakistan, Jordan, Bhutan, Portugal, South Korea and others to discuss pending bilateral policing issues like letters rogatory, extradition requests etc.Issues discussed at the Interpol general assembly included cooperation in combating terrorism, crime against children and environmental crime, international notices system, disaster victim identification, intellectual property crime, human trafficking, Interpol travel documents, stolen travel document database, Interpol confidentiality regime and Interpol databases .The Interpol general secretariat resolved to support NCB's to combat transnational organized crime, corruption and money laundering and recover criminal proceeds. The general assembly also decided to set up a communication system to respond in real time to requests for help from countries on cyber crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17241628", "title": "30 golfers to participate in Albatross Junior Golf", "text": "NEW DELHI: About 30 young golfers from across the globe will be vying for top honours at the fourth Albatross International Golf Championship to be held at the Jaypee Greens Golf Resort from November 20 to 22.The tournament will witness golfers in the age group between 10-17 years, who will be competing for nine individual and four team titles.The winner of the tournament will be awarded a crystal studded trophy and a ranking by the R&A; World Amateur Golf Ranking Points.According to John Volz, veteran golfer and tournament director, this kind of an event will give youngsters opportunity to gain international recognition.\"There are children who were granted scholarships and admissions to US universities based on their world ranking, which is really a motivation for them, and motivation for other budding golfers across the country,\" he said.Rajiv Talwar, one of the co-ordinators of the event, added: \"We hope that a few of our participants here will eventually go on and play in the Asian Tour and European Tour events.\"The foreign contingent will consist of players from South Africa, South Korea, Thailand, Sweden, Malaysia, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh, UAE and Nepal.Leading the Indian charge will be Tavleen Kaur Batra in the 15-17 years category and Tanishka Kumar in the under-10 years category.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17236182", "title": "Omni buses fined 7L for violations", "text": "MADURAI: Transport department officials have collected a whopping Rs 7.49 lakh from 73 omni buses that have violated norms during Diwali season. Based on orders from district collector Anshul Mishra, random inspections were carried out from November 9 to 15 to prevent private bus operators from overcharging people during the Diwali rush and to prevent other motor vehicle act violations, a statement from the district administration said.Regional transport officers S K M Sivakumaran (operations), K Natarajan (south), K Kalyankumar (central) and N Ravichandran (north) led the teams of traffic inspectors who carried out the inspections in Mattuthavani Integrated Bus Terminal and surrounding areas. During the inspections, 73 omni buses were issued inspection reports and fined Rs 7,49,900. A van operating illegally was also impounded, officials said. Mishra announced that the inspection reports would be sent to the transport officials concerned for further action. He also added that the inspections would continue", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17235779", "title": "Police driving me to suicide: Pinki", "text": "KOLKATA: First the rape charge and then the public talk about her sex have become unbearable to former athlete Pinki Pramanik.The former athlete broke silence on Thursday and alleged that the police are pushing her to the edge where she is even feeling like committing suicide. Pinki will meet chief minister Mamata Banerjee seeking her help to get rid of the humiliation.\"Yes, I have some hormonal problems. But I have been brought up as a girl. People should not lose sight of the fact that nobody questioned my gender when I participated in several international competitions,\" said Pinki.The former athlete held that she was a victim of police conspiracy. She is not in a mood to accept the medical report police submitted to the court, along with the charge sheet saying that Pinki has XY chromosome found in males.\"The police, for some strange reason, always wanted to prove that only. They are trying to malign me,\" said Pinki, whose lawyers are waiting for a copy of the medical report that the policesubmitted to the court. \"My lawyers will get the report on November 26, following which they will decide how to go about it.\"Pinki alleged that the police were sharing some personal details that they were not supposed to disclose. \"I am upset with the way they are handling the matter and at some point of time I feel like committing suicide,\" Pinki added.Feeling let down, Pinki sought help to help her bear with the ordeal. \"I just cannot live like this. I too want to live like any other normal social being. I don't know whether I will ever get that peace of mind ever,\" she said.Pinki's parents are also a worried lot. They are looking up to the CM to come to the rescue of their daughter. \"We want to meet chief minister and tell her about Pinki's plight,\" said father Durga Charan. Pinki's elder brother Joychand also complained against police insensitivity. \"Police are humiliating our entire family,\" he said.The former athlete, however, praised her colleagues. \"They stood by me. In such situation, their support is the only thing that is inspiring me to fight against the injusticewhat I am facing.\"The former athlete also took exception to the talks over taking away the medals she had won, including the gold medal in the Asian Games. \"I won all the medals through hard work. Nobody ever questioned anything when I won those medals. I wonder how the perception changed overnight,\" Pinki said.Things turned worse for Pinki after she was arrested by the Baguiati Police on June 14 and remanded in judicial custody the day after based on a complaint by her live-in partner, a divorcee and a mother of one, who brought rape charges against her. That's not all. The five-year-old child also made a confessional statement before the magistrate under section 164 of the criminal procedure code substantiating her mother's complaint.Police registered a case of rape and during the probe, the medical board could not conclude on Pinki's gender. Finally, police sought the help of Central Forensic Science Laboratory in Hyderabad for chromosome test to confirm her gender. The Bidhannagar city police, later, framed rape charges against Pinki based on the medical report and the report obtained from the Central Forensic Laboratory, that indicated that Pinki is a male and the rape charge can't be ruled out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17235679", "title": "Change of guard at Kolkata East-West Metro", "text": "KOLKATA: Three days after the Mamata Banerjee government withdrew B P Gopalika, the erstwhile managing director of Kolkata Metro Rail Corporation Limited (KMRCL), the East-West Metro project got a new chief executive officer (CEO) on Thursday.A chief engineer with Delhi Metro Rail Corporation, H K Sharma, who used to be the director (projects and planning), KMRCL, was appointed the new CEO of the company. The decision was taken at a crucial meeting on the transfer of Bengal government's share to the ministry of railways for execution of the ambitious project in New Delhi on Thursday.After Thursday's meeting, the Bengal government would have no role in the Rs 4,674-crore East-West Metro project which will connect Salt Lake's Sector V to Howrah.Last week, chief secretary Sanjay Mitra wrote to Sudhir Krishna, secretary, Union ministry of urban development, expressing the Bengal government's decision to transfer its share to the ministry of railways.Accordingly, Krishna, who is also the chairman, KMRCL, called a meeting on Thursday. The meeting was attended by the chief secretary and transport secretary Gopalika, who used to be the managing-director, KMRCL. Before joining KMRCL as a whole-time director, Sharma, now the CEO, used to be chief engineer (planning), Delhi Metro Rail Corporation.According to an order issued by the state transport department on Monday, along with Gopalika, the two other directors - state urban development secretary Debashis Sen and railway adviser and special secretary, transport department, J K Saha - representing the Bengal government in KMRCL, were also withdrawn.Although it was at chief minister Mamata Banerjee's behest that the decision to give up Bengal government's 50 % equity to railways was taken, the transfer process didn't take off, thus jeopardising the East-West Metro project. The state government seemed to be dragging its feet on the transfer ever since Mamata quit the UPA and ceased to have control of the railway ministry.Ironically, it was Mamata's idea that the railways should carry out the project and take the burden off the cash-strapped Bengal government, which was supposed to pay Rs 701 crore as its equity contribution. So far, the Bengal government has only paid Rs 146 crore for the project. The railways, after its takeover (with a 74% equity, including 24% from the ministry of urban development), is supposed to return this Rs 146 crore to the Bengal government.The East-West Metro project has a new chief executive officer (CEO), a chief engineer of Delhi Metro Rail Corporation. The decision was taken at the crucial meeting on the transfer of Bengal government's share to the ministry of railways for execution of the ambitious project in New Delhi on Thursday.On Monday, the Mamata Banerjee government passed an order and withdrew its directors, including managing director B P Gopalika, from Kolkata Metro Rail Corporation Limited (KMRCL), the centre-state joint venture company formed to execute the East West Metro Corridor project. The withdrawal was reaffirmed at the meeting in Delhi and H K Sharma, who used to be director (projects and planning), KMRCL, was appointed as the CEO of the company.After Thursday's meeting, the Bengal government would have no role in the Rs 4,674-crore East-West Metro project which will connect Salt Lake's Sector V to Howrah.Last week, chief secretary Sanjay Mitra wrote to Sudhir Krishna, secretary, Union ministry of urban development, expressing the Bengal government's decision to transfer its share to the ministry of railways. Accordingly, Krishna, who is also the chairman, KMRCL, called a meeting on Thursday. The meeting was attended by the chief secretary and transport secretary Gopalika, who used to be the managing-director, KMRCL. Before joining KMRCL as a whole-time director, Sharma, now the CEO, used to be chief engineer (planning), Delhi Metro Rail Corporation.According to an order issued by the state transport department on Monday, along with Gopalika, the other two directors representing the Bengal government in KMRCL, state urban development secretary Debashis Sen and railway adviser and special secretary, transport department, J K Saha, have been withdrawn.Although it was at chief minister Mamata Banerjee's behest that the decision to give up Bengal government's 50 % equity to railways was taken, the transfer process didn't take off, thus jeopardising the East-West Metro project. The state government seemed to be dragging its feet on the transfer ever since Mamata quit the UPA and ceased to have control of the railway ministry. Ironically, it was Mamata's idea that the railways should carry out the project and take the burden off the cash-strapped Bengal government, which was supposed to pay Rs 701 crore as its equity contribution. So far, the Bengal government has only paid Rs 146 crore for the project. The railways, after its takeover (with a 74 % equity, including 24 % from the ministry of urban development), is supposed to return this Rs 146 crore to the Bengal government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17236242", "title": "House panel highlights forest law conflicts", "text": "NEW DELHI: How can a right given under one Act be a criminal offence under another, members of a Parliamentary standing committee have asked officials from the Union environment ministry, raising concern about conflict between the Forest Rights Act (FRA), 2006, and the Indian Forest Act (IFA), 1927.The House panel on science and technology and environment and forests headed by T Subbarami Reddy of Congress was gathering evidence on the amendments proposed to the IFA when panel members quizzed the officials how one law gives tribal rights over forest produce but another criminalizes it.DMK's T M Selvaganapthi asked the ministry officials for clarifications on the criminalization of forest rights under the IFA.The green ministry officials took a dim view of the FRA \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the flagship scheme of the UPA government handing back rights over forest resources to tribals. The director general (DG), forests \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the highest forest official in the country \u00e2\u20ac\u201d told the committee that responsibilities were not clearly demarcated between the forest bureaucracy and tribals under the FRA. He suggested that either gram sabhas should be entrusted with the complete responsibility for conserving forests or the forest bureaucracy should take over the onerous task.The DG, forests, also warned that withdrawing government from forests could lead to \"anti-national, communal, anti-social and extremist forces\" making jungles their happy hunting ground, and government losing control.His argument comes against the backdrop of reservations within the highest echelons of forest bureaucracy against the FRA since its inception.Sources told TOI that the DG, forests, reiterated that if the gram sabhas were to be made 'malik' of forests, then the forest service should be shut down.He also informed the committee that bamboo continued to be classified as 'timber' under the IFA, giving the forest officials control over its movement and harvesting. Differing from the public views expressed by the environment minister and the tribal affairs minister, he suggested that the FRA should be amended to align it with the older law.Sources said that the environment secretary recommended that gram sabhas should be handed over forests and powers to regulate it, but it was too big a step and should not be implemented immediately.The environment secretary advised that it be done in a \"phased manner\" after capacity building and training. He suggested that the parliamentary comnmittee should not look into the difference between the two legislations as it was a \"very big issue\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17239921", "title": "Moore and Kutcher plan to continue joint charity", "text": "Demi Moore and Ashton Kutcher are revamping their joint charity, Demi and Ashton Foundation, one year after the celebrity couple split.The former couple has announced a new name and specific direction for their charity, and said that they both will continue to work on it, Us magazine reported.The DNA Foundation has been renamed as THORN: Digital Defenders of Children, and will now be focussing on the role technology plays in crimes involving the sexual exploitation of children.\"For the past three years we have focused our work broadly on combating child sex trafficking,\" the publication quoted the couple as saying in a statement on Thursday.\"It has become crystal clear in our efforts that technology plays an increasingly large role in this crime and in the sexual exploitation of children overall.\"We believe that the technology-driven aspect of these crimes demands its own attention and investment,\" the couple said.The exes, who married in September 2005, started the foundation together in 2010.In November 2011, Moore announced her decision to end the couple's marriage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17237169", "title": "Paddocks to help visitors see tigers", "text": "MYSORE: Fretting about not being able to see tigers at Mysore Zoo during your last visit? Wait for a month, for your concerns to be addressed.The zoo authorities are dividing the paddock area in front of Tiger House into two zones to facilitate visitors to get a clear sight of tigers and also to help the big cats move around and relax in near-natural conditions.M Nanjundaswamy, chairman of Zoo Authority of Karnataka (ZAK) said at present, one or two tigers are released into paddock area at a time so that people can see them. \"However, many visitors couldn't see tigers, maybe because tigers were resting then. To address the issue, we have planned to bifurcate the open moat into two using grills. With this, two or two pairs of tigers can be seen at a time,\" he said, adding that they have discussed the bifurcation issue with the authorities concerned. The work is expected to be done in a month.The concept of paddock is to display the big cats in natural conditions, whereas kraal (enclosure) is exclusively for tigers to relax.Tiger kraalsThe zoo authorities have also created four tiger kraals at the behest of Central Zoo Authority (CZA). Kraal provides the big cats some private space. Moreover, kraal is an off-exhibit area created behind of Tiger House.The facility is to enhance tiger longevity in captivity condition. The life span of tiger in captivity is 15-20 years, whereas it's 12-13 years in the wild. Mysore Zoo now has a tiger which is 20 years old. \"The oldest tiger in captivity is in Karnataka is at Bannerghatta Zoological Gardens. It is 24 years old,\" said Nanjundaswamy.Mysore Zoo has built four day-kraals near Tiger House, which is one of the oldest structures. The structure, built during the reign of Maharaja of Mysore, continues to house tigers even today.Exposure of animals to natural sunlight and providing natural settings would enhance their longevity in captive conditions, as it will reduce fatigue.The chairman said that Mysore Zoo has 11 tigers, including two cubs, and that they are being released into paddock area on rotation. The big cats have to wait for over six days in their holding rooms for their turn.As per Recognition of Zoo rules and renewal of licence guidelines issued by CZA, off-exhibit day-kraal is a must for all inmates of zoo. CZA has advised Mysore Zoo authorities to have day-kraal facilities for tigers. It has also directed them to avoid exposure of feeding rooms for public viewing.Kraals are built, retaining tree growth, as tigers love tree shades during noon hours. Tigers can be left inside day-kraal directly from their holding rooms. With safety measures in place, visitors are not being allowed near the kraals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17234762", "title": "Residents in sombre mood at Sena\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s city strongholds", "text": "MUMBAI: Shiv Sena strongholds such as Girgaum, Lalbaug-Parel, Dadar-Mahim, Bhandup, Charkop and Dahisar were wrapped in eerie silence on Thursday following widespread speculation about Balasaheb Thackeray's health.\"Bhau-Beej lacks the usual fanfare in our neighbourhood,\" said Vimala Chitnis, a 70-plus Girgaum resident. \"It was here that the Sena won its political spurs when Pramod Navalkar got elected to the state assembly in the 1970s.\"She said the Sena reflected Marathi middle-class ethos, of which Girgaum has been the epicentre. \"Balasaheb's speeches and his charisma held Girgaum spell-bound for decades.\"The former BMC employee said she never missed the Sena chief's Dussehra rally until a few years ago, and her copy of Maarmik, the cartoon weekly edited by Thackeray.Bhau-Beej lacked its trademark gusto in the Lalbaug-Parel neighbourhood as well. Thackeray has a soft spot for Girangaon (as Lalbaug-Parel is popularly known, because of its once flourishing textile industry) as it stood by him during his prolonged political battle with the Communists.Shiv Sainik Yogesh Harmalkar said, \"Many Girangaon residents chose to keep Bhau-Beej, which is a major festival in Marathi households, on a low key. The Sena has often been accused of using strong-arm tactics to close down shops on a bandh day. However, the Girangaon bandh on Thursday was spontaneous.\"Dadar, where Thackeray once lived in a rented flat, wore a deserted look, said actor Shekhar Navre. \"Dadar residents skipped their date with Shivaji Park to burst firecrackers marking the end of Diwali.\"Earlier in the day, the jumbo-sized Diwali kandeel (lantern) at Sena Bhavan square was brought down by Shiv Sainiks, reflecting the party's mood.In Bhandup, Dahisar and Charkop, prayers and poojas were conducted in many Marathi households for the Sena patriarch's speedy recovery following reports about Thackeray's delicate health.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17236313", "title": "Apparel Park applicants plan multi-pronged stir", "text": "Jaipur: Applicants of Apparel Park at Jagatpura have decided to launch a multi-pronged protest during the international textile event Vastra-2012 to be held in the city from November 22-25th to highlight the government's apathy that has resulted in the inordinate delay for setting up the project.The protest measures will include showing placards in the city and at the venue of the event, advertisements in all the local print and electronic media and even organizing a rally to highlight the indifference of the government to the plights of the 133 applicants of Apparel Park Mahal Jyojna.\"It's been a long ordeal for us. We have been waiting for past nine years but the government is showing no intent to honour its own contracts and commitments. The delay has robbed us of huge business opportunities. We have already agreed to the stringent conditions. But each time we approach the government, it is shifting the goal post, making it difficult for us. The protests will be peaceful but we want to show our suffering to the visitors and delegates to the event,\" said Pradeep Chhugani, one of the applicants of the apparel park project, in a statement here on Thursday. The entrepreneurs had planned a similar protest during the Pravasi Bharatiya Divas held in January this year which was inaugurated by the Prime Minister Manmohan Singh. But they withdrew the protest plans after state's industries minister Rajendra Pareek assured them to settle the issue.\"After the minister promised us to resolve the issue, we cancelled our protest plans. But when we met, he said the applicants need to pay Rs 2,500 per sq. meter and not the already upwardly revised and agreed Rs 1,000. So far, there has been no follow up action on that, which is forcing us to take this step again,\" added Chhugani.The park project was started in 2003 with RIICO inviting expression of interest for setting up textile manufacturing units. \"At that time, the state PSU claimed that had the land in its possession and fixed a price of Rs 500 per sq. mtr,\" said Chhugani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17236047", "title": "'Naidu, YSR regimes spared actor couple's land'", "text": "HYDERABAD: Tollywood's popular couple Krishna and Vijayanirmala used their connections with the high and mighty to ensure that their 11-acre land in the prime locality of Nanakramguda in Rangareddy district was not acquired by the authorities for construction of the Emaar project. The couple met the then chief minister N Chandrababu Naidu in October 2003 with a request to remove their land from the purview of the land acquisition notification issued for taking up the Emaar projectwhich includes a township, golf course, convention centre, hotel etc. According to the statement given to the CBI by IAS officer S V Prasad, the then secretary to CM, he was instructed by Chandrababu to write letters to the MD of APIIC and the district collector of Rangareddy district to find out the status of the land in question and submit a report on the same. In the meanwhile, the authorities were asked not to acquire this particular piece of land, Prasad said.Prasad, in his statement to the CBI, said that though the CMO had asked for such status reports, the APIIC and collectorates sent them only to the wings concerned. In this case the commerce and industries department is the nodal department which sought this land for developing the Emaar integrated project.Prasad clarified that the commerce and industries department, the nodal agency for acquisition of land for the Emaar project, used to receive the reports and forwards them to the CMO.\"As far as I remember, the office of the CM did not receive any report from the industries department for a long time and the issue remained pending. The CM's office did not give any clearance for sparing the land of the actor couple from acquisition as the industries department had not circulated the file. I cannot say if the CM had given any indication of leaving the land from acquisition at some meetings with the revenue officials\", S V Prasad said in his statement.When YS Rajasekhara Reddy came to power in May 2004, the opposition parties raked up the issue of favouritism shown to Vijayanirmala and the letters written by Prasad to APIIC and Rangareddy district collector were placed before YSR. After perusing these letters, YSR told Prasad that the letters were indeed drafted in a very careful manner, Prasad's statement says. Nowhere in these letters was it conveyed that the land belonging to Vijayanirmala was exempted from acquisition. It was only kept on hold till a final report was submitted, YSR reportedly told Prasad.However, according to the Emaar chargesheet filed by the CBI, YSR regime too did not act on the issue and allowed the land acquisition notification in respect of this land to elapse. Finally, the land was officially retained by Vijayanirmala as the acquisition notification expired. Interestingly, SV Prasad in his statement told the CBI about a similar modus of the Naidu regime wherein he sought a similar status report in respect of the land belonging to M/s Leisures Pvt Ltd and one Lakshmamma, wife of Aganaiah, which too were sought to be acquired for the Emaar project. The Emaar case which sent the APIIC's MD B P Acharya to jail as accused number one in the scam for eight months will soon enter the trial phase in the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17235642", "title": "Reopening of old terminal at Amausi may get delayed", "text": "LUCKNOW: The scheduled reopening of old terminal building at Amausi airport for international operations is likely to get delayed by a couple of weeks following unavailability of enough Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) jawans and some of the crucial security equipment. The coming of terminal happens to be crucial for the airport which was granted an 'international status' by Union cabinet recently. At present, the airport has an integrated status with both domestic and international flights operating from one terminal only.The old terminal was scheduled to reopen for international passengers later this week, more than five months after it was closed because of the coming up of a new terminal building. Sources said that the Airports Authority of India (AAI) has sought an additional requirement of 45 CISF jawans for deployment in the new terminal building. Likewise, the installation of some key equipment like the security cameras, too, has been delayed.Confirming the delay, Lucknow airport director, Suresh Chandra Hota said that the additional CISF jawans are likely to reach Lucknow by next week. We are constantly monitoring the situation,'' he told TOI on Thursday. Hota said that some of the staff was also not available because of the festive season. The work on the terminal would resume by early next week. The director said that they hoped to ready the terminal for operation by the end of month. AAI has, for the time, fixed November 26 as the scheduled date for throwing the terminal open for international passengers, essentially from the middle east. The date, interestingly, coincides with the beginning of the International Date Palm Festival in Abu Dhabi.Hota said that the additional CISF would help beef up the security hold area (SHA). The repair of toilets and installation of better conveyer belts too is nearing its final stages. It is just a matter of time,'' he claimed.Spread over an area of around 6,000 square metres and having a carrying capacity of 750 passengers during peak hours, the old building is touted to provide additional space to AAI in terms of passenger facilities. It will also allow it to bring in more operators, both domestic and international, especially in the wake of government allowing more foreign direct investment in the aviation sector.International operations from Lucknow are only restricted to west Asian countries, with a majority of flyers either being workers or pilgrims. In fact, the Amausi authorities allowed Haj pilgrims to fly from old terminal buildings in August even before it could get ready for reopening.It was only recently that the Union civil aviation minister Ajit Singh agreed for a direct flight between Lucknow and holy city of Najaf in Iraq. The Amausi airport authorities, for quite some time have also been looking up to aviation companies in South-East Asia and South Asia to operate to and from Lucknow. Airlines sources said that if at all there are any chances of bringing in international operators from south-east Asia, then they might have to route themselves from Delhi or Mumbai to ensure sustainability. Ironically, the experiment to initiate a direct flight between Lucknow and Kathmandu in Nepal evoked a poor response, following which the services had to be abandoned in less than four months.At the same time, the new terminal building too will become more spacious for domestic passengers, as almost half of the space on the ground floor is had been dedicated to custom clearance and other facilities meant for international passengers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17237011", "title": "A paper-thin material to stop bullets", "text": "WASHINGTON: Researchers have designed a new paperthin bullet-proof super material which can self-assemble into alternating glassy and rubbery layers. The nanomaterial could translate into safety beyond vests. These advancements could accelerate progress on protective coatings for satellites and even jet engine turbine blades, researchers said.A team of mechanical engineering and materials scientists from Rice University and Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) created special materials that were able to stop bullets in the lab.The type of material, called a structured polymer composite, can actually selfassemble into alternating glassy and rubbery layers, the Discovery News reported. While performing ballistic tests on the material at MIT's Institute for Soldier Nanotechnologies , the 20-nanometre-thick layers were able to stop a 9-millimetre bullet and seal the entryway behind it, according to a Rice University . However, one of the challenges to making thinner and lighter protective gear is being able to test the materials effectively in the lab.Researchers need to know precisely why those nanolayers are so good at dissipating energy, but analysing the polymer can take days. The MIT-Rice team also came up with an innovative testing method, where they shot tiny glass beads at the material. Although the beads were only a millionth of a meter in size, they simulated bullet impacts.Under a scanning electron microscope the material's layers look like corduroy so the projectile impact can be seen clearly. The researchers deduced that a projectile hit their target 2,000 times faster than an apple falling one meter hits the ground, but with a million times less force. Because the projectile's impact area is so concentrated, however , the impact energy is more than 760 times greater.\"After the impact we can go in and cross-section the structure and see how deep the bullet got, and see what happened to these nice parallel layers,\" Rice materials scientist Ned Thomas said. \"They tell the story of the evolution of penetration of the projectile what mechanisms, at the nanoscale , may be taking place in order for this to be such a highperformance , lightweight protection material.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "17234575", "title": "Tribals, ryots, herdsmen celebrate host of festivals", "text": "KERI: Wednesday was a day of festive celebrations for the tribal, cattle rearing and agricultural communities in the state.The tribal communities of Gawda and Velip, especially in Tiswadi, Ponda, Sanguem and Canacona talukas, celebrated the festivals of Dhillo and Dhenlo to ring in the New Year as per the Vikram Samvat (the calendar established by Indian emperor Vikramaditya).They also celebrated the homecoming of king Mahabali; a mythological figure believed to have been a benevolent ruler who did much to uplift his subjects. The celebration in his honour is called Balipratipada.For the cattle-rearing communities it was a day to worship the divine cowherd, Lord Krishna.With the idol of Lord Krishna decorated, garlanded and placed in a palanquin, the communities took out processions from house to house in their respective villages. While the devotees worshipped the idol, those in the processions were offered sweetmeats. The procession, called Dhenlo, is taken out each year with the hope that Lord Krishna will bless his devotees with a good crop.Balkrishna Sakhardande, 67, who took part in this year's Dhenlo procession in Marcela, said, \"We celebrated Dhenlo as Gokrida Utsav, as Lord Krishna protected the agricultural and pastoral communities of Gokul from the wrath of heavy rain by transforming the Goverdhan hill into an umbrella. Marcela has the temple of Devaki Krishna dedicated to the lord.\" Dhenlo was celebrated by the tribal and agricultural communities on Cumbharjua island too.The women of the forest-dwelling Velip community, also, celebrated Dhillo. The festival's celebration actually starts a day before Dussehra on Mahanavami and ends on Balipratipada. On each day of the celebration, the women would worship a ball of cow dung or an anthill decorated with wild flowers as the Dhillo, reciting folksongs and performing folkdances through the nights. Dhillo ended on Balipratipada.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17234266", "title": "Bhai Dooj turns tragic as 2 die in road accidents", "text": "NAGPUR: A day before Bhaidooj, a 22-year-old youth lost his younger sister in a hit-and-run case that took place under the jurisdiction of Sitabuldi police station. In yet another mishap on Thursday, a 63-year-old man was knocked dead and his son seriously injured when the duo was on way to meet his sister on Bhaidooj on Katol Road in Gittikhadan police station area.Vilas Deshmukh, a retired BSNL employee, was riding pillion on his son Prasad's moped. Police said on Thursday afternoon, the duo started from their residence at Majidana Colony on Katol Road. \"They drove to the main road and were taking a turn when a speeding truck heading towards Gittikhadan dashed the vehicle. Vilas fell on the roadside, was crushed under the wheels of the truck and died on the spot. Prasad (20) too fell on the road,\" said police. Prasad, a MCVC second year student, suffered major injuries. Eye-witnesses rushed Prasad to a private hospital at Ravi Nagar Square.The tragic accident has left Vilas's wife Raksha and younger daughter Pratibha shocked and numb. The father-son duo was heading to meet Deshmukh's sister at Hanuman Nagar. Irked eye-witnesses protested which caused tension. Truck driver Dharmendra Gaur was trying to flee the spot, but was nabbed by residents and handed over to Gittikhadan police.Another accident took place on Shahid Gowari flyover on Wednesday evening. Kanishka Nandeshwar, a resident of NIT Quarters Mhada Colony in Bhilgaon, was taking sister Priyanka and 5-year-old niece Naysi to meet siblings when they were knocked by an unidentified speeding vehicle on the overbridge. Priyanka, a second year MCA student, lost her life while Nandeshwar and Naysi are battling with injuries.Police said the trio was going on a bike to meet their cousin, but were knocked down by a rashly driven vehicle. The trio was rushed to a nearby private hospital. However, Priyanka was declared brought dead while Nandeshwar and Naysi are undergoing treatment. Police are searching for the accused driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17235127", "title": "Desi artworks wow all at trade fair", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ordinary paintbrushes can create wonders when in the right hands. Using brushes bought at a neighbourhood stationery store and indigenous stone colours, artist Rabindra Behera makes elaborate pattachitra paintings, a traditional art form of Odisha. Demonstrating his art live at the ongoing India International Trade Fair, he's painting scenes from the life of Lord Krishna on a coconut.His stall at the Odisha pavilion is covered with pattachitra paintings of different sizes, ranging from bookmarks to massive wall hangings. Some black and white, others with all the colours of the rainbow, his pieces explore Indian traditions and mythology in utmost detail. \"It's very tedious work, and while bookmarks take only about two hours to make,\" he says, pointing to a \"masterpiece\" that shows the history of King Purushottam, \"this one took two years.\"Behera, who's been practising the painting style for three decades, isn't the only one showing the audience the process behind traditional art forms. At the Odisha pavilion itself, there are also demonstrations of ikat weaving and wood carving by native artisans.\"Seeing the intricacies of carving these figures from single pieces of gambhari wood may help people realize the value of the art. It's very tough work, and some pieces can take several months,\" says Samir Sutar from Bhubaneswar.Ikat weaving, too, is highly labour intensive, and Ranjit Meher, who is weaving a green salwar-suit with white ikat patterns at the stall, says he hopes to create at least one sari also by the end of the fair. \"It takes about eight days for one, including the tie-dye process, and here I'm working everyday from 9am to 7pm,\" he says.He says his family of ten at home makes only about eight saris a month, each with unique motifs, highlighting the exclusivity of hand woven pieces. \"Still people prefer the shiny stuff, which is so expensive and has no life. Otherwise they opt for computerized ikat fabric,\" says Meher.There's no doubt traditional art forms are once again becoming more popular with people, and terracotta artist Chandu Lal from Alwar in Rajasthan, says they're now also opting for earthen glasses and food containers for their homes for its health benefits. \"Earthenware is the purest, and people have been using it for generations,\" he says. At his stall at the Indian Handicrafts pavilion, he moulds small vases of clay at the wheel in front of him, and says the work gives him peace of mind.At the Khadi and Village Industries Commission pavilion, there are two weaving stations set up - one for silk, the other for cotton. At the silk station, there are silkworm cocoons in big heaps, ready to be boiled, washed, and then used to extract silk threads from. At the cotton weaving set-up, the entire process of weaving - combing using a fish tooth, cleaning, paralleling, carding and slivering, fine spinning, and hankering - is shown in separate stages.Apart from live demonstrations, Indian crafts also shine at the fair - pure zari from Varanasi, cane and bamboo work from Kolkata, blue pottery from UP, wood inlay work from Delhi, wood carving from Haryana, chikankari from Lucknow, kani weaving from Srinagar, tila juti and phulkari from Punjab.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17240967", "title": "Oil companies resume giving new LPG connections in 5 states, more to follow soon", "text": "NEW DELHI: There is good news for prospective cooking gas customers in Meghalaya, Sikkim , Nagaland and the Union Territory of Andaman &amp; Nicobar Islands. Those who have registered for new connections till October 15, 2002, with distributors of state-run fuel retailers gas distributors in these states and who do not possess a connection from IOC , HPCL and BPCL can now avail of a subsidized new LPG connection.Similar facilities for customers in J&K;, Himachal Pradesh , Manipur and Tripura, are expected to be announced soon. The fuel retailers had stopped release of new connections, pending completion of de-duplication process by them, although registration for new gas connections were continued. The list of prospective customers who are eligible for new LPG connection at subsidized rates in the States of Meghalaya, Sikkim, Nagaland and Andaman &amp; Nicobar Islands is now available with the concerned LPG distributors.The list has been compiled and readied after completion of de-duplication process in the above four States. The gas distributors in the states where connections have been reopened will also be sending out separate intimation letters to the eligible customers. On receipt of intimation letter, prospective customers in these States can approach their gas distributor, complete the formalities, and avail of their new LPG connection. Cases were customers have not received intimation letters, they are advised to contact the concerned LPG distributor and verify/check the status of their registration.For customers who had applied for a new LPG connection despite already possessing an LPG connection in the same household, thereby having given a false declaration, the OMCs will soon be initiating steps to block their existing connections and also initiate legal proceedings as per law. For convenience of customers Oil Marketing Companies have also extended the deadline for completion of KYC (know your cutomer) forms till November 30. Only multiple connection holders should submit the KYC details before the new deadline.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "17235014", "title": "Naveen pep talk to youths on leadership qualities", "text": "CUTTACK: Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik on Thursday called upon the students to develop leadership qualities and become partners of development of the state and the country. Speaking at the sixth foundation day of Ravenshaw University, Patnaik highlighted the need to groom students as partners of development as the country needs the strong shoulders of younger generation to achieve the status of developed nation. \"At this juncture, when the nation is undergoing the transition of becoming a developed country the support of the youth is crucial for the country to sail through the transition period,\" said Patnaik.He said the government is committed to development in education and is making strenuous efforts to set up industries for generating employment for youths. \"Better job opportunities are being created in the state for the youths,\" the CM said.Addressing the students, Patnaik highlighted the government's efforts in these directions. \"We are focusing on the development of small and medium scale industries to provide more job opportunities to our youths,' added Patnaik. He said the state government will extend all efforts to transform Ravenshaw University into a world class varsity.Speaking on the occasion, vice-chancellor B C Tripathy urged the chief minister to solve the university's faculty shortage problem. \"Students and teachers ratio in the university is 1:40, which is woefully inadequate. There is an immediate need to create more post of faculties in the university,\" said Tripathy. He further stressed on the need for a second campus of the university.\"There is an immediate need to establish a second campus of the university. The state government has allotted 126 acres of land to us to set up the new campus and we are hopeful that the construction work of the project will start soon,\" said Tripathy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17239253", "title": "AICTE gives affiliation to 7 colleges in Punjab", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Seven new government polytechnic colleges in Punjab has been given affiliation by AICTE, the national-level council for technical education.Punjab Technical Education and Industrial Training minister Anil Joshi said admissions for 840 seats in these seven polytechnic colleges have commenced for the 2012-13 session.He said the colleges that have been affiliated with the All India Council of Technical Education are Sant Baba Attar Singh government polytechnic college, Badbar (Barnala district), government polytechnic college, Kotakpura (Faridkot district), government polytechnic college, Begowal (Kapurthala district), Shaheed Nand Singh government polytechnic college, Bareta (Mansa district), government polytechnic college, Behram (SBS Nagar district), Shri Guru Hargobind Singh Sahib government polytechnic college, Ranwan (Fatehgarh Sahib district) and government polytechnic college, Fatuhikhera (Sri Mukatsar Sahib district).He said students who have scored in the state level JET-2012 merit list may apply in these polytechnic colleges till November 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "colombo", "code": "17239910", "title": "Dilshan to miss first Test against New Zealand", "text": "COLOMBO: Sri Lanka suffered a big blow with opener Tillakaratne Dilshan being ruled out of the first Test against New Zealand starting in Galle on Saturday as he is yet to recover from his back injury.The same injury had kept the batsman out of the last two ODIs against the Kiwis also.Dilshan's unbeaten century in the third one-dayer helped Sri Lanka take a winning lead in the five-match and rain affected series.Sri Lankan team manager Charith Senanayake said Dimuth Karunaratne would replace Dilshan in the squad and would open the innings with Taranga Paranavithana.The 24-year-old left handed batsman Karunaratne has earlier represented Sri Lanka in two ODIs, both during Sri Lanka's tour of England in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17236201", "title": "Medha Patkar lauds green MLAs", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Renowned environmentalist Medha Patkar has said green politics would be the ideology of the future. \"It will be the only ideology that can ensure equality, justice and stability in our society,\" she said while inaugurating the 'Reclaim River' campaign of the Green MLAs in the UDF.She launched the campaign by lighting lamps on the banks of Neyyar at Rameswaram in Neyyattinkara. \"I salute these legislators who have united for a green cause. Let me caution them that the road they have taken up is difficult. They will have to face questions from their leadership while pursuing their cause,\" she said.Lauding A K Antony for his clean career, Patkar said he should take the initiative to bring non-polluting industries that give more jobs to youth to the state. \"Then he will get the backing of all people of the state,\" she said referring to the recent controversy triggered by Antony.The campaign by the 'Green Brigade' legislators in the UDF is intended to protect the 44 rivers in the state. A legislation for setting up a river basin authority with statutory powers was the aim of the campaign, said V D Satheesan MLA, who is in the group. The campaign would have volunteers who will examine the state of all rivers in the state from Neyyar to Chandragiri. T N Prathapan, Hibi Eden, V T Balram M V Shreyams Kumar and K M Shaji are the members of the green MLA group in the UDF. Among them Satheesan, Prathapan, Balram and Sreyams Kumar took part in the Thursday's function.Gandhian P Gopinathan Nair, R Selvaraj MLA and poet V Madhusoodanan Nair attended the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17235878", "title": "Dark Diwali: 60 cases of eye injury", "text": "LUDHIANA: For some Diwali is all about an adrenaline rush, even if it means plunging someone into darkness. Take the case of eight-year-old Sahil.A bomb exploded and his world imploded. He felt a shooting pain in the eye and ran home crying.His eyes were swollen. The family rushed him to PGI where he is undergoing treatment with two other children. Sahil's mother does not know that her son won't see again.She is expectantly waiting for the ordeal to end. It has just begun.Splinters from 'bombs' caused several accidents on Diwali. \"There has been perforation of the eye globe in serious cases. In many of the cases, victims were bystanders,\" said Dr Amit Gupta of the Advanced Eye Centre, PGI.Doctors at GMCH-32 said a 21-year-old patient lost his vision following an injury caused by a cracker. A 14- month-old was also rushed to hospital after a splinter pierced his eye.\"The child was a bystander and a bomb splinter pierced through his eyes. He has recovered,\" Dr S K Arya of the department of ophthalmology, GMCH said.There were around 60 cases of eye injuries this time, which is less than last year. But the nature of injuries was more serious.\"We have four serious cases, including two adults and two children under 14 years of age,\" Dr Arya said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17239227", "title": "Yuvan confident to turn director", "text": "Yuvan Shankar Raja, the leading music director said, \"I am currently penning the script. I would like to try my hands at suspense, thriller, fantasy and musical genres.\"Yuvan has made his intentions clear to direct a movie. \"You will see me as a director and producer very soon,\" he said.\"I have a good team at my home (Ilayaraja, Gangai Amaran, Venkat Prabhu, Premji, Karthik Raja, Bhavatharini, Vasuki etc). So I think I can make a good film,\" added Yuvan.Son of noted film composer Ilaiyaraaja, Yuvan will touch the 100th film mark with Venkat Prabhu's ' Biriyani '.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17235672", "title": "Students' short films create waves on silver screen", "text": "KOLKATA: Short films made by students of film studies in campuses like Chitrabani or Satyajit Ray Film and Television Institute (SRFTI), were common in the Kolkata International Film Festival. However, this time a large number of short films selected for screening at the 18th Kolkata International Film Festival, has been made by students who make films as a hobby and have had no formal training in film-making. Selectors call this a trend and are happy at the maturity of thought that has gone behind the making of these films.Campuses like Jadavpur University, Presidency University, St Xavier's College, Loreto College and many others got represented at the KIFF short films section this time. Ranging from 15 minutes to 35 minutes the films are of different lengths and have experimented with myriad styles of story telling, organizers say. Most such short films have been shot by using digital cameras, again a new trend in film-making, which is gaining popularity gradually owing to the fact that such films can be shot on a very low budget.Tathagata Ghosh, a student of mass communications of St Xavier's College, cannot stop smiling. All the three films that make his The Surreal Trilogy, have been selected for screening. While one got screened already on November 11, the other two have been slotted for November 17. His cinematographer, classmate Tiyash Sen, has also been successful in getting a film in, though this one does not tell a story but is a montage of shots that highlight nature, lights, culture and sound. \"I have always been inspired by the surreal movement in films started by Salvadore Dali. The surreality that runs through all my three films deals with the subconscious mind and its abyss,\" Tathagata says. While he is essentially a storyteller, Tiyash is not. The two friends have agreed to disagree and yet stand selected.A third-year English honours student of Presidency, Madhushree Das, was drawn into film-making by her brother Shankha Shubhro. The latter bought his digital SLR not only for photography but also to shoot films. Shankha is an electrical engineering passout of JU and the bro-sis duo has managed to get two of their films selected in KIFF this time.\"Radio Real is a story of a failed man who calls a RJ while a programme is on to pour out his heart , while Go As You Like is about overbearing parents trying to impose their likes and dislikes on kids,\" Madhushree said. Shankha Subhro wanted to study film-making in Pune, but had to change his decision after he cracked the WBJEE to enter JU. \"But film-making will always intrigue me and remain a hobby till the time I can take it up more seriously,\" he said.The short films section is screening 200 films this time and at least 25% of these are made by students who have had no training in film-making. \"The fact that digital cameras are being used for film-making is making budgets small even for those who make films as a hobby. Hence there is a surge of students who have come with their entries. I am extremely happy with the trend,\" said Ajit Prasad Ghosh, spokesperson for the Short Film Makers Association, responsible for selecting the films.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17240743", "title": "Auto drivers booked for traffic violation need not spend night behind bars", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai police are contemplating a move whereby autorickshaw drivers, caught for traffic violations, need not spend a night in the lock-up if they are unable to pay the necessary fine amount. If booked under the Motor Vehicles Act, the offender's driving licence is confiscated and a certificate for driving is temporarily issued.\"There are a few technical issues that need to be ironed out. But otherwise, the police commissioner has taken a decision in principal that provisions of the Motor Vehicles Act be applied on all auto drivers booked for causing obstruction to traffic,\" confirmed joint police commissioner (law and order) Sadanand Date.The local police used to book autorickshaw drivers under provisions of the Bombay Police Act for causing an obstruction to traffic. The offenders were then required to pay a deposit of Rs 1200 and collect the sum from the court the next day, if proven not guilty. However, if the drivers were unable to shell out the deposit, they were lodged behind bars for the night and produced before court by the police next day. \"This is grossly unfair, especially when there is a better provision under the Motor Vehicles Act and it is already being applied by the traffic police,\" said a member of the autorickshawmens' union.Under the Motor Vehicles Act, if an offender is unable to pay up the penalty for obstructing traffic, his driving licence is confiscated and a certificate of temporary authorization to drive is issued. Thus, the driver doesn't need to spend a night in the lock-up. Union members have welcomed the move.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17235555", "title": "UK lenswoman to organize photo exhibition on Super 30", "text": "PATNA: London-based lenswoman Olivia Arthur was in Patna on Thursday. Her mission? To shoot scenes at maths wizard Anand Kumar's Super 30 classes.Recipient of many awards, Arthur took photographs not only at the Super 30 classroom but also at the homes of some of Anand's students. She has several international exhibitions to her credit and wishes to add one on the Super 30 to the list.\"I would organize a photo exhibition based on theme of Super 30 and its underprivileged students who have made a mark in the society by cracking IIT-JEE, one of the toughest examinations, in London next year,\" she told TOI over phone.Arthur is also writing a book on changing India in which a chapter would be dedicated to Anand and his Super 30. \"The book would narrate the mathematician's long struggle and his success story,\" she said and added she came to know about Anand through various online stories.Arthur visited the houses of Anand Kishore, who studies in ISM-Dhanbad, and Satish Kumar , who got into IIT-Guwahati. While Anand Kishore's father sells vegetables, Satish's mother is a widow. \"They both have one thing in common, and that is, extreme adversity and a passion to excel,\" she said.She said she had captured the poverty of the families of Super 30 students in her camera. \"These families are poor, but they still have the richness of hope as their sons are studying in IITs. Even in poverty, they don't show pessimism,\" she said.Describing Super 30 as a unique and uncomplicated initiative, Arthur, who has a degree in mathematics from Oxford University and a diploma in photo journalism from London College of Printing, said it was sort of a movement that needed to be applauded and taken to different parts of the world. \"I came here expecting something big and different, but the simplicity struck me straightaway. I wanted to capture the change Super 30 made to the lives of poor students and their families and it was really a rewarding visit,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar/ berhampur", "code": "17235126", "title": "Subhashree, Gandhians appeal for peace", "text": "Bhubaneswar/ Berhampur: As security personnel continued an intense manhunt for Sabyasachi Panda a day after eliminating five of his associates in Gajapati district, the Maoist leader's wife Subhashree and some Gandhians on Thursday appealed to the state government and the Red rebels to work towards a peaceful solution of the vexed problem.Former MP and veteran freedom fighter Bhabani Patnaik and noted social activist Radhamohan, in a joint statement, made the appeal. Deploring the killing of five extremists during a gun fight with police in Mohana area of Gajapati district, they urged chief minister Naveen Patnaik and chief secretary Bijay Patnaik to play a proactive and constructive role in the matter.\"Maoists must realize that violence is meaningless and the state government must understand that it cannot resort to violence to solve the Maoist issue,\" the statement said, adding, \"We appeal to both sides to introspect and create an opportunity for a peaceful and non-violent resolution of issues. As a strong political and social will is required to achieve this, the chief minister and the chief secretary should provide leadership to this process.\"Subhashree came down strongly on the police for Wednesday's attack on Sabyasachi and his acolytes. \"I want to meet the DGP to ask him whether the peace process that was started by Gandhians was a farce. How can police engage in killings when peace dialogue is on?\"DGP Prakash Mishra said the police was not engaging in violence, but had to deal effectively with those perpetrating violence. \"We are continuing our search operation. The killings took place when Maoists opened fire on a police patrolling party,\" he maintained, adding, \"I am willing to meet anyone who wants an appointment.\" Sources said Subhashree and the Gandhian leaders are likely to meet the top cop on Friday.Police sources said combing operations have been intensified in Gajapati, Ganjam, Kandhamal and Rayagada districts, where Sabyasachi has been operating for over a decade. \"Apart from the district police, district voluntary force and special operations group, we have also engaged CRPF in the search operations,\" DIG (southern range) R K Sharma told TOI.During patrolling policemen recovered at least three powerful tiffin-bombs from Srirampur area in Kandhamal district's Kotagarh area. The IED suspected to have been planted by Maoists targeting police, weigh around 40 kg, said SP (Kandhamal) J N Pankaj. A motorcycle and one-and-a-half quintal of rice was also recovered from Kalingabadi and Jogendra forest in Daringibadi and Brahmanigaon areas in the district, police said.Police said the names used by the killed Maoists in the outlawed organization were Sudhansu, Ramesh, Litu, Santosh and Vasu. Three of those eliminated hail from Raikia (Kandhamal) and one each from Tikabali (Kandhamal) and R Udayagiri (Gajapati). Besides, police arrested an extremist Junash Digal during the raid. Police said both jawans who were injured in the gunbattle were out of danger.Convener of Jana Adhikar Manch Dandapani Mohanty, who mediated between the state government and the Maoists during the Italian hostage crisis in March, claimed those killed by security forces were innocent people. \"They had gone to meet Sabyasachi inside the jungle. Securitymen killed them while they were returning from the camp. They were not carrying any arm,\" he claimed, demanding a CBI inquiry into the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17234962", "title": "Man who tried to click Chidambaram sent to jail", "text": "CHENNAI: Ameer Thwaha, 35, who was detained for trying to take photographs of Union finance minister P Chidambaram was sent to Puzhal prison on Thursday even as the minister wanted him released.Chidambaram, in a statement on Thursday, said he was not aware of the arrest. \"I do not know why police detained the person. I have asked my office to get in touch with the Tamil Nadu police and request them to release the person immediately,\" he said. \"I was surprised and disappointed to learn that a person who reportedly attempted to take some pictures of me was detained by police at Chennai airport. I did not know about the incident until the media reported it yesterday evening,\" he added.Earlier, Thwaha was detained in October after he clicked pictures of a Dreamliner plane and abruptly got out before it was to take off. Thwaha's posts on a social networking site show that he had a penchant for planes and airports. A photograph posted by him early this month shows him leaping, with a flight taking off in the background. The photo was shot near an airport. Responding to comments from his friends, Thwaha posted: \"This is our airport, dear ... Cochin International Airport.\" He also loves taking photographs with celebrities and VIPs at airports. Among his photographs are one with film director Priyadarshan at Kochi airport, and another with actor John Abraham. Thwaha told police during questioning that his penchant to take pictures of celebrities started after he got positive comments on a photograph that he had posted on a social networking site. However, his explanations did not convince the police.Ameer Thwaha also told police that he loves to travel by Air India's Dreamliner. He had posted pictures of the aircraft when he boarded the plane to fly to Delhi from Chennai. However, he disembarked before the flight was to take off, for some unexplained reason.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17236397", "title": "4 illegal Bangladeshi immigrants held, lived in Noida for 19 years", "text": "NOIDA: The Noida police on Thursday arrested four Bangladeshi nationals, including a woman, living illegally in the city for the last 19 years. During interrogation, the accused revealed that they used to visit Bangladesh every year and return to India after paying a bribe of just Rs 3,000 to touts. The accused even managed to get important Indian IDs like voter and ration cards. Cops claim this may be a big scam and have formed teams to nab other culprits involved in it.SSP Praveen Kumar said that the matter came to their notice after police got a tip-off about the illegal residents. A team was then formed and a raid was conducted in which the accused, identified as Rahina, Qayyum Sheikh, Ismail and Mohd Raju, were arrested. The police have booked the accused under various sections of the IPC and foreign Act.\"The arrest of these people has raised a question about national security as they had managed to get voter IDs and ration cards with ease. We have not only booked the accused but are also going to write to the Union government apprising them about this incident,\" Kumar said. Police have now launched a drive against such foreigners living in the city illegally. Senior officers also said that action will also be taken against those people who helped the accused get the voter IDs and ration cards.Police said all accused are residents of Kalibari village in Bagerhat district of Bangladesh. Cops said that Rahina got married in Bangladesh and had two children from her husband. She then moved to West Bengal and got married again to another person who was a native of Chhattisgarh. Later, she moved to Noida. \"When Rahina's children grew up, she called then to Noida. Initial probe has revealed that they were also engaged in snatching incidents,\" a senior police officer said.The arrests made by Noida police come a few days after Mumbai Police arrested 48 Bangladeshi immigrants who were working as construction labourers in Wadala TT area.A police team was formed and a raid was conducted in which the accused, identified as Rahina, Qayyum Sheikh, Ismail and Mohd Raju, were arrested", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17235273", "title": "48-year-old succumbs to H1N1; toll 31 since April", "text": "PUNE: A 48-year-old woman from Purandar taluka succumbed to swine flu infection on Thursday. With this, the city's H1N1 death toll since April has gone up to 31. Two more persons with swine flu symptoms are current on ventilator support and are said to be critical.The woman, a resident of Veer village, developed symptoms like cough from October 23 and fever from October 26. Her condition worsened and she developed breathlessness from October 28. This increased progressively, following which she developed respiratory failure. She had no other associated illness.\"The woman initially consulted a doctor in Baramati, where she stayed from October 23 and 25. As her condition did not improve, she consulted another doctor in Haveli taluka on October 26. Later, she consulted a third doctor in Hadapsar on October 29, who immediately referred her to the Noble hospital in Hadapsar for higher management. Her throat swab, sent to National Institute of Virology, tested positive for swine flu on October 31,\" said a health official from the Pune Municipal Corporation.The woman's condition worsened further and she developed acute respiratory distress and broncho plural fistula, abnormal passageway that develops between the large airways in the lungs (bronchial tree) and the membranes that line the lungs (pleura) usually following severe lung infection.Her condition witnessed sudden deterioration, following which she was put on ventilator support on November 14. She died at 8.35 am.The first 48 hours of the illness are considered to be crucial to stop the virus from causing serious harm.According to experts, at least two or three people are detected with swine flu every day, mostly because basic precautions to keep the infection at bay are not being followed. Be it avoiding crowd, washing hands or vaccination, they are unanimous in their stand that people are not taking enough precautions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17235711", "title": "Trinamool Congress 'takes over' Gandhi Maidan to keep land sharks at bay", "text": "KOLKATA: Six months after the United Bank of India (UBI) issued a notice for auctioning Gandhi Maidan to realize the loan taken by the land owner, the 16-cottah plot adjacent to the historic Gandhi Bhavan in Beliaghata has become the centre of a controversy once again. This time, Trinamool Congress MLA Paresh Pal has allegedly \"taken over\" the plot for its beautification.Different sections of the society had reacted critically after the bank treated the historic plot commercially and demanded it be declared a heritage site. Now, Pal has run into a fresh trouble by claiming the land to be a property of the Kolkata Municipal Corporation. Not just that, he has already fenced the ground and plans to beautify it to apparently \"save it from land sharks\".The historic relevance of the site dates back to the year India had won Independence. Mahatma Gandhi had rushed to the city after riots broke out between Hindus and Muslims in the aftermath of the Partition. He had landed at Hyderi Manzil, later rechristened as Gandhi Bhavan, on August 12 that year and started an indefinite fast from September 1. Despite a rapidly deteriorating health, he remained fasting until the violence subsided. He withdrew his fast after 73 hours when leaders from both the communities pledged harmony. Gandhiji also convened an all-religion prayer meet at the adjacent ground that was later named as Gandhi Maidan.While the building was included in the heritage list by the West Bengal Heritage Commission and granted \"A\" grade, the ground was left out. However, when its owner defaulted on a loan taken from the UBI, the bank had decided to auction the plot that was mortgaged. Following the public outrage, it was left undisturbed till Paresh Pal stepped in.UBI chairman and managing director Bhaskar Sen said he had not been informed about the MLA's decision to fence the ground or beautify it. \"The MLA did not contact me. Let me check the details of the latest update. I will be in a position to comment only after that,\" Sen told TOI over phone.When contacted, Pal remained unperturbed. \"This is a historic ground and we have decided to protect it. I have finished fencing the plot. The next step will be to beautify it,\" he said on Thursday.A visit by a TOI team to the ground on Thursday afternoon revealed that the contractor was set to begin the second phase of the \"development work\". \"I have already released Rs 10 lakh from the MLA LAD account for the ground and a pond close to it. Work is underway and it is expected to be completed in a month,\" Pal said.The MLA also claimed that the KMC, the \"actual owner\" of the plot, had given him permission to beautify it. Mayor Sovan Chatterjee, while confirming that the KMC had indeed granted permission for the project, could not even say whether the civic body was funding it. \"All I can say is that we have granted permission for beautifying the Gandhi Maidan,\" Chatterjee said.Local residents were, however, happy that the playground will not be usurped by any builder. \"We are extremely happy that the ground has finally been saved from land sharks,\" said 18-year-old Swarup Dolui, who regularly plays football there.Jatin Chandra Das, a member of the trust that runs Gandhi Bhavan, felt the KMC would do justice to the historic ground. \"We have been fighting to save the ground from the realtors. Now, I find it heartening that the KMC has extended a helping hand,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "17236594", "title": "Property dispute may hit heritage temple conservation", "text": "AMRITSAR: The proposed conservation plan of historic Panj Mandir may be hit after one of the owners of the temple land has blamed the government officials for not taking her into confidence and has also threatened to move court if the government went ahead with its proposal without her consent.One of the temple custodians, Usha Devi told TOI on Thursday: \"A team of tourism department came to the temple but never contacted me. I am half owner of the property and they can't ignore me.\"She said if she was not taken into confidence before the plan is implemented she would resort to legal action. She said the government had to include her in any committee, if constituted, for the conservation plan of the temple and without that she wouldn't let them carry out any project in the 180-year-old temple.Panj temple is situated at Fatehgarh Churian in Gurdaspur district. The temple was constructed by the daughter-in-law of Sikh ruler Maharaja Ranjit Singh, Chand Kaur of Kanahaiya misil. Kaur had immense regard for Hindu deities and used to offer puja daily at the temple.One of the partners in the temple property, Mohinder Kumar admitted that Usha Devi was a partner in the property. \"I perform daily religious duties at the temple and have no problem if the government makes a conservation project for the temple,\" he said. However, he added that the government couldn't take over the temple since it was a private property.Meanwhile, district tourism officer Balraj Singh, who had visited the temple and sent a detailed report to his office, said, \"For now, I have sent my report to the head office and if a plan is sanctioned the department would first check the revenue records and take written consent from every partner in the property before moving ahead with the conservation project\". Conservator Rajneesh Khosla, who had taken up the issue of conservation of Panj Temple with the government, said, \"I am hopeful that all the partners in the temple property will sink their differences for the sake of preserving a valuable heritage structure.\"The temple has rare frescos which are decaying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17236122", "title": "Bus service for ex-IAF personnel", "text": "KANPUR: A free hospital bus services for ex-servicemen was launched at Ex-Servicemen Contributory Health Scheme (ECHS) Polyclinic, 7 Air Force Hospital, under the aegis of Air Force Group Insurance Society (AFGIS), on Wednesday.The bus facility was inaugurated by Air Officer Commanding of 7 Air Force Hospital, Air Commodore Rakesh Kumar Ranyal, Vishisht Seva Medal, in the presence of ex-servicemen and local air force and army commanders.Approximately 70,000 Armed Forces veterans and their families are spread across city and nearby areas.Under this project, two buses will start at 7 am from Naubasta and Kalyanpur . The buses will cover two routes.Route No 1 will be from Naubasta to 7 Air Force Hospital via Yashoda Nagar, Mangla Vihar, Rama Devi Chauraha, Harjinder Nagar Chauraha and Jajmau. Route No 2 will be from Kalyanpur to 7 Air Force Hospital via Awadhpuri, Gurudev, Rawatpur, Chunniganj, Lal Imli, Parade, Bada Chauraha, Phool Bagh and Murray Company bridge.At 1.30 pm, the buses will leave the hospital on the same route to drop the patients back home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17235943", "title": "MCCI&A; urges govt to introduce new policy", "text": "NASHIK: , November 15 2012 Maharashtra Chamber of Commerce , Industry &amp; Agriculture (MCCI&A;) has urged the government to introduce the new industrial policy for the state at the earliest. It has presented a memorandum to the CM as well.The Maharashtra state government has drafted a new industrial policy for the past few months, the new industrial policy, drafted by the state, was expected to be introduced from fromApril 1, 2012, no decision has been taken yet in this connection.Speaking to TOI, Santosh Mandlecha, vice-president, MCCCI&A;, said, \"We have urged the government to bring into effect the new industrial policy at the earliest. It will boost the industry. The state has already drafted the policy. But, the government is taking too long to announce it. Those willing to invest are waiting for the new schemes under the policy.\" he said.On June 21, 2011, the Industry minister Narayan Rane had visited Nashik and held meeting with the office-bearers of all industrial associations across Nashik district. He had taken suggestions and feedback from them. The industrial associations, who had participated in a meet, included MCCI&A;, Nashik Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (NIMA,Ambad Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (AIMA and Nashik District Exporters' Association (NDEA).According to sources, Maharashtra the state has proposed more subsidies on power and interest on loans. Special incentives for the agro industry too are part of the policy. Around 5% five per cent interest subsidy will be given on loans taken by agro-based industries. The policy will also include power tariff subsidy for new industries. A subsidy of around 75 paisa to Re 1 per unit will be given to new industries or those slated for expansion.The state government had introduced Incentive Package Scheme in the year 2007, which includes VAT, Octroi and electric incentives for the industries have been reportedly continued in the new industrial policy. Accordingly, around 30 to 50 per cent Value Added Tax (VAT) will be refundable for new industry or expansion projects for Small, Medium and large industries. This scheme is applicable for small, medium and large industries under 'C', 'D' and D+ industry zones, while it is applicable for small industries under 'B' zone. There is 100 per cent stamp duty exemption while purchasing land in C, D and D+ zones, the sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17240950", "title": "M&M; Financial Services raises Rs 867 crore through QIP", "text": "COIMBATORE: Mahindra &amp; Mahindra Financial Services (Mahindra Finance ), a leading financial services company in the rural and semi-urban markets, has raised Rs. 867 crore through QIP (Qualified Institutional Placement).Mahindra raised the money by issuing of 97,50,257 shares at Rs 889 per share, including a premium of Rs 879 per share in line with the market price of Rs 889 on November 7, the launch date. The issue price is at a 0.94% premium to the floor price of Rs 880.70 per share set by market regulator SEBI.The issue was subscribed by over five times. The company received bids of approximately Rs. 4345 crore within 24 hours of launching the issue. The issue saw strong participation by marquee investors across the globe, the company said.\"The strong demand is a testimony to both the company's business model and the strong growth in rural and semi-urban India,\" said Ramesh Iyer, Managing Director, Mahindra &amp; Mahindra Financial Services. Incidentally, the market for QIPs remains quite tepid due to the uncertainty in capital markets.The funds raised will be deployed to augment long-term resources by way of enhancing the Tier-I capital base, leverage available business opportunities, provide funding for loans to the company's customers and for general corporate purposes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "17235731", "title": "LPG distribution office ransacked", "text": "MALDA: An LPG distributor's office at Sarbamangala Pally in English Bazaar police station area was ransacked and documents and equipment were set on fire on Thursday after the gas agency allegedly demanded money for submission of Know Your Customer (KYC) forms. Police and fire brigade officials had to rush to the spot to bring the situation under control.The agency, Amit Gas Service, has lodged a complaint. It is learnt that following the directives of Indian Oil, a special drive had begun to identify the consumers.the number of DNSA (different name same address) cases were identified and asked to submit KYC forms. Amit Gas Service reportedly asked all the consumers to submit their KYC forms, despite some people having submitted it earlier. This apart, each customer was asked to pay Rs 150 without being told the reason.The last date for submission of forms being Thursday, people started queuing up in front of the agency's office since morning. But the office opened only at 2pm. Already miffed with the agency for being charged Rs 150, the long wait angered the customers further.When the agency employees failed to justify the reason for collecting, the customers could not bear it andThey charged into the shop and went on a rampage when agency employees failed to give a reason behind collecting money.Not only were the furniture and computers ransacked, the employees were also assaulted. Some documents and equipment were brought out of the office by the mob and set on fire.Police had to rush in to control the mob.Binoy Mandal, a customer, said, \"Amit Gas Agency has as many as 70,000 consumers. But they never gave any receipt for the money (Rs 150) or clarify the reason behind collecting it.\"North Bengal LPG Distributors' Association secretary Somesh Das, said, \"It is true that today was the last date for submission of the KYC forms. But the date will be extended. There was no provision of collecting money.\"Sabyasachi Mukherjee , senior area manager of Indian Oil Corporation echoed his view.: \"We never charge any money for KYC forms and that too without receipt.\"Ashok Das of Amit Gas Agency, however, chose to keep mum on the issue of taking money. \"On the occasion of Bhai Phonta, the office was to be opened at 2.00pm and we had given a notice in this regard earlier. But still consumers attacked the office and damaged . We have lodged a complaint with police and will be unable to keep the office open without police\".An LPG distributor's office was ransacked as the hundreds of consumers attacked it protesting the illegal claim of money for submitting the Know Your Customer (KYC) forms. The adjacent shop was also ransacked, computer and furniture were broken and finally the office was set into fire. All this happened to LPG distributor Amit Gas Service office at Sarbamangala Pally under English Bazaar Police Station. Police force along with fire brigade rushed to control the situation.It is learnt that following the Indian Oil's directives regarding rationing LPG cylinders, a special drive has begun to identify the consumers. Number of DNSA (different name same address) cases were identified who were asked to submit KYC forms. Amit Gas, allegedly, asked all the consumers to submit their KYC afresh, even those who had submitted earlier. Worse, each of them was asked to pay Rs 150 with the forms. The consumers never got any proper justification for this money taken without receipt.It was notified that today was the last date of submission of the forms. Accordingly, long queues were seen before the office since morning. There the resentment against this charge was brewing. Worse, the office opened at 2 pm. By then the consumers were at their tether's end and when the office workers could not clarify why this money was being taken, angry mob attacked the office. The office was ransacked, workers were assaulted and some even set fire to the office. Later police came to control the mob.On behalf of the angry consumers, Binoy Mandal said, \"Amit Gas Agency has as many as 70000 consumers under them. But they never gave any receipt for this money and clarified why such huge money was charged.\" On this issue, Somesh Das, Secretary of North Bengal LPG Distributors' Association said, \"It is true that today was the last date for submission of the KYC forms. But the date would be extended. And there was no provision of taking money.\"Sabyasachi Mukherjee, Senior Area Manager of Indian Oil Corporation, too echoed his view, \"We never charge any money for KYC forms and that too without receipt.\"Ashok Das, of Amit Gas Agency said, \"On the occasion of Bhai Phonta, the office was to be opened at 2.00 pm and we gave the notice regarding it. Still consumers attacked the office and damaged it fully. We have lodged complaint to police and cannot open the office without security.\" However, he avoided the issue of charging money, \"I have to look into it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17235109", "title": "Teachers bunk classes to attend agitation", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Teachers and employees of block grant secondary schools and eligible high schools on Thursday launched cease work and staged demonstrations in front of the offices of the district education officers (DEO) across the state, seriously affecting teaching in over 2,200 institutions.The agitators demanded the abolishment of block grant system and implement grant-in-aid at par with the fully aided high schools. Over 26,000 teachers and employees of 1,982 block grant secondary schools and 226 participated in the agitation.\"We have no option but to go for agitation as the state government failed to consider our longstanding demands,\" said Prasant Kumar Mohapatra, president of block grant secondary school teacher and employees association, which has been spearheading the agitation.In a related development school and mass education minister Rabi Narayan Nanda on Thursday told reporters here that the block grant teachers should not go for agitation when the government was serious over their demands.The association leader, however, said the state government in December 2011 in the assembly had assured to take a positive decision over their demands. But ironically there was no result so far and therefore they decided to go for agitation.He said they would further intensify their agitation programme if the government failed to further consider their demands. He said as a part of their cease work they would take out rallies in different rural and urban pockets from November 16 to 28. Thereafter the association had planned to organsie mass demonstration in front of the assembly on November 29.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17236057", "title": "Ro-Ro vessel helping reduce container traffic through roads", "text": "KOCHI: The Ro-Ro vessel ferrying container trucks between Willingdon Island and International Container Transshipment Terminal (ICTT), Vallarpadam has helped the crowded roads in Kochi remain free of more than one lakh trucks in the last 18 months of its operation.The vessel, which has a capacity to carry fifteen 20-TEU container trucks on a trip and 500 TEUs a day, on an average carries about 2,800 containers per month.These trucks would have been otherwise negotiating a distance of about 38 km through the road on the Kundanoor bypass route between Willingdon Island and Vallarpadam. It will take 20 minutes to transport container trucks by the Ro-Ro vessel. But the downside of the story is that the service is yet to break-even as the volume of container movement has not grown sufficiently.\"We would have been able to break-even if we moved 3,500 containers a month. Even though we are close to that target with 2,800 containers per month, much more needs to be done to augment the shifting of container movement from road to water,\" said Captain Philip Mathews, managing director, LOTS Shipping, which operates the Ro-Ro service. \"There is resistance from truck drivers against movement of containers through water. Apparently they get some fringe benefits by transporting containers through roads,'' said Captain Philip.\"Authorities will have to put in place several reward-and-punishment systems to encourage movement of cargo through water instead of roads. The ban on movement of containers through roads during daytime, ordered a couple of months back, is yet to be enforced effectively,\" he said. \"We now charge Rs 700 per container, which is much lower than the tendered amount of Rs 1,800,\" he added.Kochi; The Ro-Ro vessel ferrying container trucks between Willingdon Island and International Container Transhipment Terminal (ICTT), Vallarpadam, has removed more than one lakh trucks off the crowded roads in Kochi during the last 18 months of operation.The vessel, which has capacity to move fifteen 20-TEU container trucks in a trip and 500 TEUs a day on an average carries about 2800 containers a month currently.These container trucks would have been otherwise negotiating about 38 km distance through the road on the Kundanoor bypass route between W Island and Vallarpadam.The time taken for transporting the container trucks by Ro-Ro mode will be just 20 minutes as the distance between these two points reduces to just 3.7 km through the water route.But the downside of the story is that the service is yet to break-even as the container movement volumes have not grown up sufficiently.We would have been able to achieve break even if we are able to move 3,500 containers per month. Even though we are closer to the target with 2,800 containers per month, much more needs to be done to augment migration of containers from road to water,'' says Captain Philip Mathews Managing Director of LOTS Shipping which is operating the Ro-Ro service told TOI here.According to him, there is resistance from truck drivers against movement of containers through water. Apparently they can make some fringe benefits by moving through roads,'' he said.Also, the authorities will have to put in place several reward and punishment systems for encouraging movement of cargo through water instead of roads. Even that ban on day-time movement of container through roads, ordered couple of months back, was yet to be enforced effectively,'' Captain Philip said.The double-end ferry has been chartered by the Lots Shipping on a long term charter from a Singapore company.We are now charging Rs 700 per container which is much lower than the tendered amount Rs 1800. We are doing this to attract cargo from roads to water transport,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17236019", "title": "After Diwali, Hindu New Year begins", "text": "VARANASI: After Diwali festival, the arrival of Hindu New Year was celebrated on Wednesday. Gowardhan puja, Chitragupta puja and Bhaiyya Dooj were held on Thursday. Almost all the markets and shop remained closed but the festive mood of the people remained the same. It is believed that continuing the work on Diwali and stopping it the next day increases wealth and prosperity.Annakut Shringar was also held at Kashi Vishwanath temple and Annapurna temple on Wednesday. A Heavy rush of devotees was seen at the two temples to seek the blessings of the deities. Special aarti and shringars were held in almost all the temples.The festival of Bhaiyya Dooj and Gowardhan puja were celebrated with equal delight on Thursday. Girls and women prayed and performed rituals for the long life of their brothers and offered them sweets.The traditional festival of Gowardhan Puja was also held with religious fervour. The Yadav community carried out colourful processions in different areas. Tableaux on the life of Lord Krishna were also taken out.The Kayastha community performed Chitragupta puja on Thursday by worshiping pen and ink.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17235969", "title": "MSRTC still undecided over 'ladies' special' demand", "text": "NASHIK: The Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation's (MSRTC) Nashik division office is digging deep to find a solution to the 'ladies' special' school bus demand put forth by the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP women's wing led by Amruta Pawar. The move comes after the MNS Maharashtra Navnirman Sena flooded the divisional controller's office demanding bus service on new routes.\"We have received are in receipt of the demand for the buses by a political party. The demand is genuine as they intend to run special buses for only girl-students on all major routes in the city to benefit the girl-studentsHowever, the officials have not been able to find out a solution to the issue - which is also being considered politically sensitive,\" a senior official from the corporation said on the condition of anonymity. He blamed lack of manpower for the cause.The NCP has stressed on the need for women's special buses for the girl-students in the city. They have asked for the demand to be implemented from November 22 when the schools reopen after Diwali vacation.When asked the official about status of demand put forth before chairman Jeevan Gore, during his tour of Nashik, the official said that the MSRTC was already under pressure to provide services to large number of demands by the people.\"At this juncture when nearly 35 buses lie unused for want of staff and the existing staff being pushed to the hilt, it is difficult to add new services. At the most, we could discontinue some of the services,\" the official said.The official added that after the discussions due early next week between the divisional controller and the NCP women's wing, the plan would be decided upon. \"The MSRTC has already started few additional bus service reserved for the school students by stopping two services and changing the timings of six other services from September 2012. Add to this, the locals' demand for various routes bagged by political parties and personalities. Now, the additional demand for buses for women's only. It is a tight-rope walk for the corporation,\" the official said.He however pointed out that one solution that could be derived is in the form of limiting the numbers of such new schedules to not more than three buses, besides reserving set of seats in the buses during specific timings for the girl-students only.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17241858", "title": "Tamannaah reveals she is a foddie", "text": "Most actress resort to strict diet in order to maintain their figure, but it doesn't looks like Tamannaah follows a diet when it comes to food. The pretty actress reveals she just can't avoid eating teh dishes she loves.Tamannaah says \"I have seen actresses avoiding food out of fear that beauty would be lost. I am not that kind and I eat want to. In fact i eat a lot but at the same time do proper exercise to stay fit.\"\"I am a gourmet. I cannot stay away from my favorite dishes. I like Hyderabad Biriyani and when i go to Hyderabad, I have biriyani without fail in the hotels. Through my friends I have known the right places to get delicious biriyani. I also love fish,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17239318", "title": "Eye on Winter Session, PM to host dinner for UPA leaders today", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh will host a dinner for United Progressive Alliance (UPA) leaders on Friday in an attempt to consolidate his government's strategy ahead of the Winter Session of Parliament.Manmohan Singh's dinner with UPA leaders comes close on the heels of his similar interactions with leaders of crucial outside supporters Samajwadi Party and Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP).He hosted a dinner for SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav and his son Akhilesh last week and followed it with lunch for BSP chief Mayawati on Sunday.The government is facing the prospect of dealing with a opposition-sponsored motion entailing voting on FDI and even a possible threat of a no-confidence motion.BJP chief spokesperson Ravi Shankar Prasad had earlier said that his party would strongly oppose the government decision on FDI in multi-brand retail in the forthcoming Winter Session of Parliament.Asserting that the decision to approve FDI in multi-brand retail is not in the interest of the country, Prasad announced that that 'the BJP will discuss its strategy with other NDA partners and also get in touch with political parties which have reservations on the issue'.Allies of the BJP-led NDA are likely to hold a meeting on November 21 a day before the Winter Session of Parliament.The Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (DMK), a crucial ally of the Congress-led UPA Government at the Centre, continued the suspense over its stand on any resolution, which may be introduced in Parliament concerning the FDI in multi-brand retail.\"Small and medium retail traders in Tamil Nadu are apprehensive that FDI would greatly affect them. We would discuss and take a decision on this (FDI) keeping their interest in mind,\" DMK chief M Karunanidhi told mediapersons in Chennai.\"Let the DMK's stand remain a suspense. Only a movie with suspense does well,\" he added, when asked about the DMK maintaining suspense on its stand over the FDI issue and whether it would support a no-confidence motion against the UPA government.The support of DMK, which is the second largest ally with 18 Lok Sabha MPs, is very crucial for the UPA after the exit of Mamata Banerjee-led Trinamool Congress (TMC).The Winter Session of Parliament will begin on November 22.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17239675", "title": "GMR Aviation Academy launches travel, tourism course", "text": "MANGALORE: GMR Aviation Academy (GMR AA), the Aviation Training Arm of GMR Group, has launched its first batch of International Air Transport Association (IATA) courses (three- month part-time) in Travel and Tourism, Airport Operations and Air Cargo at Rajiv Gandhi International Airport (RGIA), Hyderabad.The Academy has its own distinctive advantage of utilizing the airport facilities for hands-on practical experience.GMR AA, set up in 2009, is emerging as a global gateway for aviation learning through tie ups with ACI, IATA, ICAO and DGCA. IATA accredited GMR AA as the Authorised Training Centre (ATC) for aviation related training programmes in India. GMR AA has also been appointed by Airport Council International (ACI) as its Global Training Hub (GTH) worldwide. DGCA has accredited GMR Aviation Academy to conduct the Dangerous Goods Regulation trainings. It has also signed an MOU with 'Incheon International Airport Aviation Academy' for joint development and delivery of training programmes. GMR AA has also recently become an Associate Member of ICAO 'TRAINAIR PLUS'.The selection process will be completed in the month of November and Classes will commence from December 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17234743", "title": "Mob attacks Andheri bar, cops not sure who", "text": "MUMBAI: A restobar in Andheri (West) was vandalized and its staffers attacked by a group of men late on Wednesday. The mob demanded that the establishment be shut and then pelted stones at it. While the owner, Vikram Ramakrishnan, said the men belonged to the Shiv Sena , the police said they had not verified this. Two men were arrested in the case on Thursday.The incident took place around 11.30 pm. \"Business was going on as usual when suddenly a mob stormed in... We had no idea what was wrong,\" said Ramakrishnan; the restobar, Soda, is in Four Bungalows. \"The mob also began to forcibly shut nearby establishments. When we heard that Sena supremo Bal Thackeray's condition was critical, we escorted our guests out and began the procedure of downing shutters. Suddenly, three men from the mob charged towards me and started hurling abuses. When I explained that the restobar was shut, they thrashed me.\"Meanwhile, a group of 20 men came on motorbikes and began pelting stones at the restobar from outside. \"When I stepped out, a stone hit me on the head. The mob also hit some of my staff, including a hotel management intern, who began bleeding from the nose. We went to the Kokilaben Ambani Hospital, where I was administered stitches. Later, I learnt that the mob had returned to the restobar two more times to vandalize it,\" Ramakrishnan said. The mob took away Rs 20,000 from the cash box and punched the cashier.On his way back from hospital, around 1.30 am, Ramakrishnan saw two of his attackers beating up autorickshaw drivers in Andheri (West). He immediately alerted the police and got the two arrested. They have been booked on charges of rioting and assault. At least eight men are wanted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17234968", "title": "Tutor held for sexual assault on girl", "text": "CHENNAI: A 37-year-old tuition teacher was arrested on Thursday for sexually assaulting a Class 11 student of a private school. The incident occurred on Monday. The girl was sent to a government hospital for a medical examination.Police said S Kannan, who had been running Sun Coaching Centre on Mettupalayam Road in Guindy for more than 16 years, allegedly gave the girl water spiked with sedatives. She felt drowsy and fell asleep. When she woke up after an hour, her clothes were in disarray, she later told police.She told her parents about the incident only after they found changes in the girl's behaviour and questioned her several times, a police officer said.After the girl's father lodged a complaint with police commissioner S George on Wednesday, the Guindy police registered a case under IPC section 376 (rape) and 354 (assault or criminal force to woman with intent to outrage her modesty). He was remanded in judicial custody. When questioned by police, Kannan, a business administration graduate and bachelor, denied the charges and said he had a problem in his spinal cord.Kannan had asked the 15-year-old girl to come alone for tuition that day, saying he would teach her how to score well in the exams. \"The day before the girl was sexually assaulted, Kannan had sent her text messages asking her to come for tuition. The next morning, a couple of hours before the girl went to class, he had made the maximum number of calls,\" said an investigating officer.The girl, who joined the coaching centre only two months ago, told police the teacher had molested her several times earlier when she was alone.Kannan, and investigation officer said, \"He had been taking classes for all subjects for boys and girls. He taught them in batches and invited the girl before others could come in.\" He had 39 students and charged 1500 each, the officer added.On July 24, the Mambalam police arrested H Ruben Ravi Kumar, a 57-year-old teacher at a private school in T Nagar, on charges of sexually abusing a seven-year-old boy . The teacher had sexually assaulted three other students of the same school, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17236403", "title": "Don\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t use plastic bags from today", "text": "MANGALORE: The Mangalore City Corporation (MCC) has decided to go the Rwandan way to make the city free from plastic. Rwanda incidentally implemented a countrywide ban on plastic bags in 2008, and now MCC and Dakshina Kannada district administration too have geared up to implement the ban strictly.The district administration and MCC have decided to levy a penalty on those who manufacture, sell and distribute plastic bags in the city from November 16. Teams comprising home guards and MCC staff will raid shops that distribute plastic bags and impose penalty on those who violate the ban. Meanwhile, the MCC will also launch a door-to-door waste collection drive to make Mangalore a binless city from December 1.Deputy commissioner NS Channappa Gowda told reporters that use of plastic bags has been banned under Sections 223, 256 and 431 of the Karnataka Municipal Corporation (KMC) Act. \"There is no need to issue a notification to ban plastic bags as there are provisions to do so under KMC Act. Further, cases also may be booked under Sections 290 and 291 of IPC against those who use plastic bags,\" the DC said, adding that buckets and other vessels made of plastic will not come under the purview of the ban.A penalty of Rs 100 will be levied on those who violate the ban, the DC said. Cases under IPC sections will be booked if one is found violating the ban repeatedly.\"We held discussions with zilla panchayat chief executive officer KN Vijayaprakash on implementation of ban of plastic bags in 203 gram panchayats in the district. Very soon ban will be implemented in all villages,\" he added.MCC commissioner K Harish Kumar said door-to-door waste collection will be made effective by December 31. \"All waste bins in the city will be removed. Bins will be placed on few identified spots where secondary transportation of waste takes place. Citizens may handover non-segregated waste including plastic bags to corporation's staff during door-to-door collection,\" he said.Sign boards providing information on plastic bag ban will be erected on all entry points to the city. \"Those who enter the city in buses and trains also will not be allowed to use plastic here,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17235614", "title": "BJP meet on Nov 20 to discuss FDI", "text": "PATNA: Even as the BJP is favourably inclined towards reforms and FDI in multi-brand retail, the party is peeved over the way the Congress-led UPA government went about taking a decision on it bypassing Parliament and reneging on its assurances to Parliament that this measure would be taken only after an overall consensus among the stakeholders.BJP's former president M Venkaiah Naidu said here on Thursday that the BJP parliamentary party would meet in Delhi on November 20 to decide on the \"strategy to be adopted on the floor of Parliament\" with regard to floor coordination with other opposition parties. Parliament would meet for the winter session on November 22.Incidentally, the TMC has already decided to bring no-confidence motion against the UPA-II government led by Manmohan Singh while the CPI has served notice for a debate on the introduction of FDI in multi-brand retail under an article that mandates voting after the debate.\"We are a political party and, therefore, before the meeting of the parliamentary party I cannot say what the BJP strategy would be,\" Naidu said. He, however, clarified that the BJP was \"not opposed to FDI in retail and other economic reforms\", but the Congress had now shown its double-face on the matter since it opposed the FDI while it was in opposition and the NDA in power in 2002.\"We are not opposed to reforms. When in power, we introduced it. We will still do it if we are returned to power, again,\" Naidu said, adding reforms should be in national interest, for the benefit of people, and they should not be underlined by negativity. What Congress is doing with regard to FDI in multi-brand retail is neither in national interest nor for people, he said and added the Congress move was marked by negativity. \"People want it to perform, but it says it will reform,\" he quipped.Naidu, who was here to attend the last rites of BJP veteran Kailashpati Mishra, was accompanied by deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi , vice-president Kalraj Mishra , general secretary and party's co-incharge for Bihar affairs Dharmendra Pradhan and state president C P Thakur, among others.\"The Manmohan Singh government is in minority. The Congress-led government cannot take major policy decisions because even its coalition partners are either non-committal or are scooting away from it. The Congress has not followed the coalition dharma,\" Naidu said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17236528", "title": "Naad Sandhya to regale music lovers", "text": "MANGALORE: Sangeet Bharathi Foundation, Mangalore, has organized 'Naad Sandhya', a music fest, on Sunday at the Town Hall from 5.30pm onwards.In the first part of the programme, there will be a Hindustani classical vocal recital by upcoming young vocalist Anagha Bhat of Bangalore, with Gopalakrishna Hegde of Honnavar on tabla and Narendra L Nayak on harmonium.The second part of the programme will feature a sarod recital by internationally renowned artist Pandit Narendranath Dhar of Kolkata. Pandit Ravindra Yavagal of Bangalore will accompany him on tabla. Entry is free for the programme through entry passes, which can be availed at venue on Sunday from 4.30pm to 5.15pm, Ustad Rafique Khan, president of Sangeet Bharathi Foundation said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17235516", "title": "'Mitti ka chulha', binds Hindus and Muslims", "text": "PATNA: The humble 'mitti ka chulha' made for Chhath festival is a shining symbol of Hindu-Muslim amity. Many Muslim families belonging to the extremely backward classes start procuring clay and making earthen chulhas just after Durga Puja so that they are dry and hard before the worshippers buy them after Diwali.Probably the first thing to be bought for cooking food on the first day of the four-day Chhath, Nahai-Khai, these families from Kurji Mor, Dujra Mor and Adalatganj make the earthen chulhas with complete sanctity and cleanliness. \"My husband and I bathe and wear fresh clothes before we procure the clay and make the mud chulhas as we know that Hindu families doing Chhath keep the earthenware and other items in clean and washed surroundings at home. We are proud to be associated, albeit indirectly, with the festival in which the idol-less form of God is worshipped,\" said Anisha Bano. Anisha, her husband Mohd Karim and ten other members of the same family, all living in Dujra Mohalla, do brisk business four days ahead of Chhath by selling chulhas, clay dhakkans and earthen diyas.Mohd Amin's family, which has been in the business of selling brass and bronze ware for the rest of the year and also does other odd jobs for a living, switches over to preparing clay chulhas during Durga Puja itself so that they are dry by the time Chhath arrives. His sibling Ahmed and his wife chip in, saying, \"We have been preparing these chulhas for the last ten years. Initially, the chulhas sold for Rs 10-20, then 30-45. Now, we even manage to sell them for as high as Rs 50-55. At times, we run short of hands at Kurji Mor, where we sell these chulhas. Worshippers and their family members have to wait, sometimes for an hour or so, for their turn. This year, we are also selling fruits like apples, bananas, coconuts and pani phal singhara (water chestnut).\"The Bakho clan, living in the Adalatganj area for many generations, has been into the business of preparing the mud chulhas for over 15 years now. Mohd Muslim, his wife and their four sons maintain thorough cleanliness as they know that 'rasia' (prasad) is cooked on Kharna or Lohanda. \"Later, a new chulha is used to cook the 'thekua' which is then used for offering 'arghya' to Chhathi Maiyya. By now, we have also become staunch devotees, and have started believing in many Hindu gods and goddesses. We also make the chulhas with great dedication, and do not bargain much when devotees come to Adalatganj area to purchase them,\" his son, Mohd Pervez says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17236221", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcDead man\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 returns with diwali gifts for family", "text": "MADURAI: It was the best Diwali gift the family could hope for. A man who had been missing since August 25 and given up by police and his family as dead turned up at his home on Tuesday.Arunachalam (31), a coolie from Sundaravalli Nagar near Ariyakulam in Palayamkottai, had gone shopping on the fateful day and never returned. Anxious family members searched for him in many places and, later, filed a man missing complaint with the Palayamkottai police.Three days after Arunachalam went 'missing', a body of a man, aged about 30 was found near the Tirunelveli town arch. His family including, father Narayanan, confirmed that the dead man was Arunachalam, after which the police conducted a postmortem and handed over the body to them. The family then conducted his funeral. Arunachalam was married to Samanasubu and had two daughters.The family also decided to marry off Samanasubu, who is just 25, to Arunachalam's younger brother. The betrothal was fixed for November 18.It is then that Arunachalam arrived unannounced at his home on Tuesday, loaded with clothes and crackers for his two small daughters, much to the delight and surprise of his family. His wife, who had gone to her father's house, was also summoned. He told them that he had gone off to Tirupur to work in a mill and that he had not been able to contact them as he lost phone numbers.The family then asked Arunachalam to tie the mangalsutra again around his wife's neck as she had been relieved of it following his 'funeral'. He was taken to Palayamkottai taluk police station, where the man missing complaint had been filed.The course of events has left everyone happy, except perhaps the police, who now have to find out the identity of the dead man who was earlier marked as Arunachalam and cremated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17237049", "title": "IT-BT honchos want a garbage authority", "text": "BANGALORE: IT-BT honchos who have given the city a global status have suggested the setting up of a waste management regulatory authority to tackle the garbage crisis.The suggestion was made by the IT-BT leaders of Bangalore City Connect NGO, who are working with the government in evolving a solid waste management strategy.Speaking to reporters after meeting chief minister Jagadish Shettar on Thursday, City Connect member and Biocon chief Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw said: \"We, the members of City Connect, are working with BBMP and a team of experts on preparing a roadmap for BBMP on how the wet waste to be collected daily and the dry waste once a week could be scheduled, having in place the back-end infrastructure to process the segregated waste and the issue of landfills.''.V Ravichandar, chairman, Feedback Consulting and City connect member, said Shettar concurred in principle with their suggestion of setting up an authority.\"If it is established, it would function like the Karnataka Electricity Regulatory Authority that monitors and regulates the working of all Escoms and power corporations run by the state government. The BBMP will only be an implementing agency and service provider and the overall management of the solid waste would be done by the authority,'' said Ravichandar.Roping in RWAsBBMP is now working on strengthening its links with RWAs. \"Members of resident welfare associations will be made campaigners for our waste segregation drive,'' BBMP commissioner Rajneesh Goel said.Meanwhile, Dr Jurgen Porst, senior adviser with Hazardous Waste and Water Management, a German-based company based in Bangalore, met the CM and gave an expression of interest in putting up a power generation plant at landfills. \"We have submitted our proposal to the government,'' Porst told TOI.Porst is one among the 27 company representatives who have evinced interest in establishing waste-to-energy plants in the landfills of Mandur, Mavallipura, Bingipura etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17239738", "title": "US has embraced India's rise as a partner:Tom Donilon", "text": "WASHINGTON: Observing that America's relationship with India is rooted in history and in a shared democratic system, a top Obama advisor has said that the US has embraced India's rise as a strategic partner for the 21st century.At the same time, he said US's relationship with China is complex.\"The relationship with India is obviously rooted in history and it's rooted in a shared system of democracy. And it is a unique relationship that we're building out. It has different aspects to it,\" national security advisor Tom Donilon said.\"The relationship with China is more complex,\" he said. Donilon was responding to a questions from Dino Patti Djalal, the Indonesian ambassador to the United States, after he delivered a speech on \"President Obama's Asia Policy and Upcoming Trip to the Region\" at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, a Washington-based eminent think tank.In his remarks Donilon described India as America's strategic partner for the 21st century.The Indonesian ambassador asked Donilon, \"(I am) very much interested in how you described your evolving relationship with India and China?\"\"I noticed you described India as a strategic partner and a different term for China. My question is, what do you see as the qualitative -- I underline the term qualitative -- difference between India and China so that you describe India as a strategic partnership, but China as something else,\" he said.\"There's more of an element of competition when you described your relationship with China and there's nothing like that when you describe your relationship with India. Is it too much for us in Southeast Asia , for example, to expect that one day there will be a strategic partnership between US and China?\" Djalal asked the top Obama advisor.In response, Donilon said, \"With respect to India, we have given a full embrace of India's rise. The President went to India on a three-day trip, as you know, and stood beneath the picture of Mahatma Gandhi , and called for India's membership in a reformed Security Council.\"It's a full embrace of India's rise as a partner. And again, as two of the most important democracies in the world, it's an important strategic thrust for us as well,\" Donilon said.In his remarks, Donilon said the Obama administration has deepened its relationship with India.\"We see India as a strategic partner for the 21st century, and as such, we welcome India's efforts to look east and play a larger role in Asia, including in the Indian Ocean ,\" Donilon said.At the same time, Donilon noted that the US' relationship with China is full of challenges.\"We're trying to build a relationship -- a stable, productive, constructive relationship between the United States and China where there are elements of competition,\" he said.\"\"We're trying to build a relationship between China and the United States against a backdrop of theoreticians who say that this is not possible to do; that history would point you to the inevitability of conflict between a rising power and a status quo power.\"We don't believe that international relations is some subset of physics. here is human agency and leadership involved here, and that's what we're trying to do, to build this out in the most constructive and positive, productive relationship that we can,\" Donilon said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17236256", "title": "Mercury dips further, Churu coldest at 9.8\u00c2\u00b0C", "text": "Jaipur: The winter has finally settled in at majority of the places in the state as mercury plummeted by 5 notches. Churu district remained the coldest with a minimum temperature of 9.8 degrees Celsius, the Met department said on Thursday. There would be a drastic dip in the day temperature in the coming days, said a Met forecast.On Thursday, Jaipurities woke up to a pleasant morning as the city recorded a minimum temperature of 14 degrees celsius, almost a degree below the normal minimum temperature. Dense smog was also seen in early morning hours which was basically due to prolonged air pollution. In the afternoon, it was a sunny day as the maximum temperature was 30.4 degrees celsius.The air, road and rail traffic was by and large smooth despite the smog in and around Jaipur.The coldest district of Churu was followed by Sriganganagar which witnessed a minimum temperature of 11.6 degrees Celsius. Pilani recorded a minimum temperature of 12, Chittorgarh 12.5, Jodhpur 13.9, Kota 14.0, Jaisalmer 14.5, Ajmer 14.8, Bikaner 15.9 and Barmer recorded a minimum temperature of 17.2 degrees celsius.\"Last year, the dip in the temperature was seen from November 15 onwards which is also the case this year,\" said an officer with the Jaipur Met office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "17236843", "title": "Man held for raping 13-year-old", "text": "ROHTAK: A 13-year-old girl was allegedly raped by a youth in Nangla village of Jhajjar district on Tuesday. The accused, Govind alias Gopi, 24, called the girl to his house on Tuesday afternoon and raped her.The police said the accused threatened the girl, a student of Class V, not to disclose the incident before letting her go. However, in evening, when her family returned home, they found her behaving oddly. After much cajoling, the child revealed the incident to them.Dulina police post in charge Satya Narayan said the girl's parents informed the police after which cops nabbed the accused, who is a truck driver from nearby village on Tuesday night.The girl was taken to the civil hospital for medical examination where sexual assault was confirmed by the doctor. Police have registered a case under sections 376 (rape), 342 (wrongful confinement) and 506 (criminal intimidation) against the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17236071", "title": "With last rocket burst, action diverts to trains", "text": "KANPUR: At the end of the five-day long festivities, there was massive rush at platforms of Kanpur Central railway station on Thursday. The station which wore almost a deserted look on Diwali day was thronged by thousands of passengers. Being the end of Diwali holidays, outstation passengers were in a hurry to board trains to return. The maximum strength of passengers comprised those who have to join their offices in Delhi and NCR on Friday.Long distance trains coming to Kanpur Central from far-off places were already full. Passengers who boarded the trains from Kanpur Central added to the rush. The maximum rush was in Delhi-bound trains. Passenger rush was also witnessed in trains heading towards Mumbai, Pune, Bangalore, Hyderabad and Chennai.The passenger rush was unevenly divided on all platforms of the railway station as passengers waited for trains to arrive. But the trains were running late and passengers had to wait. The moment a train arrived, passengers rushed towards their respective coach to occupy the berths.A large number of passengers were trying to coax the travel ticket examiner (TTE) for a confirmed berth but due to heavy rush they could not get any help from the railway staff. The passengers also sought help from coolies to get a confirmed seat and coolies managed the show and ensured that the passengers could be seated comfortably in the coach. A passenger told TOI he came to Kanpur from Delhi on the day of Diwali and easily got a reserved berth but today there was no place. The passengers were doling out money to coolies, TTEs and other railway staff to ensure a confirmed berth.On the other hand, a large number of passengers were standing in long queues at the ticket booking counters at the city side of the railway station. Though reservations were hardly available on long distance trains between Kanpur and Delhi, Hyderabad, Pune, Mumbai and several other places, passengers were buying waitlisted tickets with the hope of getting a confirmed seat.Rapti Sagar express, Lucknow-Ahmedabad express, Udyog Nagri, Udyog Karmi express, Pushpak express to name a few are trains on which no reservations were available to passengers.The worst hit is the Kanpur-New Delhi route. Passengers were therefore unable to find reservations in trains heading towards Delhi. After sweating in the queue, passengers were able to bag only waitlisted tickets. Sources in railways informed there was no reservation in long distance trains till the end of the month. A railway staff on duty at reservation office said, \"As the festival of lights has concluded, a large workforce from Delhi has started moving back. This has increased rush on trains and it will continue for a few days more.\"He added there was no reservation available in trains till the end of the month. The worst hit is the Shramshakti express which originates from the Kanpur Central railway station and terminates at New Delhi. \"Those working in Delhi prefer boarding Shramshakti express to reach Delhi, therefore, this train always runs packed\", said the railway official further.Even VIP trains on various routes like Rajdhani and Shatabdi reported similar situation. Other trains heading towards New Delhi, like Rewa express, Prayag Raj express, Lichhavi express do not have berths to offer to the passengers. Mahabodhi express, Howrah-Jodhpur express, Udyog Nagri, Udyog Kamri, Seemanchal express are packed till the end of this month.Though on one hand, passengers are feeling jinxed the tight situation has turned out favourable for touts who are more active now than usual days. Touts are making their presence felt at the booking offices where they openly bargain with the passengers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17233031", "title": "Balasaheb will get better, Uddhav Thackeray says", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a brief statement to the party workers on Thursday night, Uddhav Thackeray said that the Shiv Sena leader was stable and responding to the treatment.\"We will leave no stone unturned to bring our leader back,\" Thackeray told supporters outside Matoshree.Earlier, Maharashtra chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, several top industrialists and other luminaries visited ailing Shiv Sena supremo Bal Thackeray at the latter's Matoshree residence in suburban Bandra in Mumbai, even as there were conflicting reports about the state of his health.\"We appeal to all to remain calm and pray for him. We are grateful for the prayers and support of millions of Thackeray's admirers and supporters all over India,\" senior party leader Subhash Desai said as Thackeray, 86, battled breathing problems inside his home.MP and Sena spokesperson Sanjay Raut said earlier that there was some improvement in 86-year-old Thackeray's condition and he had been taken off the life-support system.\"Yesterday definitely there was some problem. Balasaheb is (now) stable and responding to treatment and is off-life support system,\" Raut said.Perhaps in an indication of improvement in Sena patriarch's health, the Diwali decoration lights at the party headquarters 'Sena Bhavan' in Dadar were turned on in the evening.Union minister Sharad Pawar , BJP chief Nitin Gadkari , party's deputy leader in the Lok Sabha Gopinath Munde , Congress general secretary Digvijaya Singh, actors Salman Khan and Sanjay Dutt , filmmakers Madhur Bhandarkar and Ashok Pandit and industrialists Rahul Bajaj and Venugopal Dhoot visited Matoshree to inquire about Thackeray's condition.Security has been beefed up around Matoshree as well as in the city following yesterday's incidents in which Shiv Sainiks damaged some media vehicles and equipment.Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan is monitoring the law and order situation.Forces on standbyEven as there are no specific intelligence inputs of a law and order challenge in Mumbai in the light of Shiv Sena supremo Bal Thackeray's deteriorating health, the Centre has kept paramilitary forces on standby in Maharashtra as a precautionary measure.Government sources said Central forces on way to Gujarat for poll duty have been asked to break their journey and be on standby in Maharashtra for immediate deployment in case the situation in Mumbai and other cities in the state were to flare up.\"The Union home ministry is in constant touch with the Maharashtra DGP and is closely monitoring the developments in Mumbai,\" a senior MHA official said adding that more forces would be spared as soon as a request is made by the state.The official, however, said there were no inputs yet from the Central intelligence agencies of an immediate law and order eventuality in Mumbai. Thackeray has been ailing for last several days, and is admitted in Lilavati Hospital in Mumbai. His health is said to have taken a turn for the worse late last night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17234213", "title": "Thursday was coldest November night since 2008", "text": "NAGPUR: The city recorded it lowest minimum temperature this November when the mercury dropped to 11 degrees Celsius, four degrees below normal, on Thursday night. This is the second lowest November temperature in the city since 2008, and the third lowest in more than a decade. The maximum temperature on Thursday was a degree above normal at 31.3 degrees Celsius.Throughout this week, the minimum temperature in the city has remained a little below normal while the maximum temperature has been more or less normal. On Thursday, Nagpur was the second coldest city in the region with Chandrapur recording minimum temperature of 10.8 degrees Celsius, more than 6 degrees below normal. Other cities in Vidarbha also recorded a minimum temperature that was at least 4 degrees below normal. Akola was the warmest place in the region with maximum temperature of 33.1 degrees and the minimum temperature of 16.4 degrees.\"As cold northerly winds are blowing towards the region, the temperature has fallen appreciably below normal. If this continues for another couple of days, it can be termed as cold wave condition. Cold wave condition is declared when the temperature is at least 5-6 degrees below normal for a few days in more than three stations of the division,\" said an official of the regional Met department. He added that the wave is likely to enter Vidarbha soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17236008", "title": "Neighbours set man on fire in Sagar district, two held", "text": "BHOPAL: A 37-year-old man was set on fire by his neighbours over a petty issue at Sehejpur village in Sagar district on Wednesday evening. The police arrested two accused.The victim suffered over 90% burns and is said to be in a critical condition. The accused were apparently annoyed over a complaint against the two accused for stealing victim's cow, police said.The incident took place at 3.30 pm after the victim, Munnu Sen, was abused by his neighbour Sathyanarayn Bramhapuriya, 47, over a complaint he had lodged with Kesli police station in 2011.Sen had named Sathyanarayan's son Sanjay as a key suspect in his police complaint about missing cow. Though the cow was recovered from a farm land a couple of months later, both families had become rivals, said police.\"The trouble began after Sathyanarayan started abusing Munnu when he was passing in front of his house. Though the matter was resolved after intervention of villagers, Sathyanarayan had threatened Munnu with dire consequences,\" victim's brother Pawan Sen told TOI.In the evening Sathyanarayan and his son Sanjay, 21, reached Mannu's house and allegedly threw kerosene on him. They allegedly set him on fire and locked the house from outside.\"My daughter saw them running out of the house. We somehow doused the fire and rushed him to hospital,\" Pawan said, adding Munnu is having trouble in breathing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "dugri", "code": "17235860", "title": "Niyati Asthana to represent Panjab University in National Debate Competition", "text": "DUGRI: Mergence of western culture with the Indian culture is a blessing in disguise and a sign of development of society. This sentence has won Niyati Asthana, 19, a chance to represent north zone in the National Debate Competition.Niyati represented Panjab University in the interuniversity debate competition held at GNDU, Amritsar, last week. Out of 38 students representing 19 different universities in the northern zone, Niyati was the only undergraduate and stood second in the competition.Niyati is a second-year student of BBA at Sri Aurobindo Institute of Commerce and Management in Ludhiana. She said: \"I am glad to get a chance to represent Punjab University on a national level, an achievement which I shall cherish forever. I am honoured to know that the university has qualified for the national level for the first time.\"Niyati, who is a resident of Dugri, said: \"I am passionate about oration and socializing helps me in honing my talent well. I love reading thrillers and Dan Brown, Sydney Sheldon and Agatha Christie are my favourite authors.\"\"I am working very hard at college and a team of four teachers are preparing me for the competition in February in West Bengal \". Niyati, and other two students from a team of Guru Nanak Dev University, Amritsar, who stood first, and the Punjab University team will represent the north zone in the nationals.Her parents a?? businessman Bharat Singh Asthana and mother Rashmi Asthana, a teacher showered praises on their daughter for her achievements and are ready to support her in every way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17239247", "title": "Apple highly-priced, Android wild: Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer", "text": "LONDON: Microsoft chief executive Steve Ballmer has launched scathing attacks against Windows' phone competitors, Google's Android and Apple.Ballmer blasted the Android ecosystem as 'uncontrolled', while criticising Apple's ecosystem as being 'highly-priced and tightly controlled'.\"The ecosystem of the Android is a little bit wild, that is from an app compatibility perspective and our world perspective maybe in a way that's not always in the consumer's best interests,\" The Telegraph quoted Ballmer, as saying.\"Conversely the Apple ecosystem looks highly controlled, and, by the way, quite high priced,\" he added.According to the paper, Ballmer launched the attack while being interviewed by LinkedIn founder Reid Hoffman at an event with \"tech influencers and innovators\" at the Churchill Club in Santa Clara, California.He went on to argue that Windows Phone had an opportunity to position itself in between the two, the paper said.\"The question is how do you get the quality with may be not the premium price of the phone, with maybe not quite as controlled an ecosystem. And how do you allow for the lower price-points, more affordability, diversity that comes with Android,\" he said.\"And I think you can say that's kind of the best of both worlds and that's available to us,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17235070", "title": "Sriram Panda to receive Jaydev Award", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Film buffs can hardly forget Sriram Panda, the lanky superstar, who chose the spiritual path at the peak of his career. On Thursday, the state decided to honour this brilliant actor, who ruled the Odia film industry and hearts of the audience in the 70s and 80s. He was chosen for the Jaydev Award that will be given to him at the 23rd state film awards function here on November 25.Jaydev Award is given for outstanding contribution to the growth and development of Odia cinema and consists of a certificate of honour and cash prize of Rs one lakh. The actor-turned-saint now known as Swami Nitya Chaitanya has consented to attend the function. \"I am really happy for him (Sriram). Finally his contribution to the Odia film industry was recognized,\" said Panda's wife and former actor Tripura Mishra.Sriram was the most popular hero for 20 years after his 1972 debut 'Dharitri'. He has acted in over 35 films as lead actor and has also produced and directed a film 'Kurukhetra' in 1991. Soon after, he decided to quit the material world. \"Sriram Panda's contribution to the Odia film industry is significant as he was probably the first superstar and he set the trend of megastars in Odisha. He was an accomplished actor, director and producer. So the jury members selected him for the prestigious honour,\" said Sushil Kumar Das, director of culture department.\"Sriram Panda was regarded as the Rajesh Khanna of Odisha. Youths of 80s emulated his style and attitude. He started his career much before Uttam Mohanty and Maheswata,\" said Dillip Hali, jury member and film critic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17236356", "title": "Cooking gas KYC deadline extended", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government on Thursday extended till November 30 the deadline for cooking gas consumers with multiple connections to complete verification of their details. This is the second extension granted by the government for state-run fuel retailers to complete the KYC (know your customer) process to weed out duplicate or ghost connections. The retailers started the exercise in August after the government modified the LPG control order. The exercise was to end by October 30.After the Centre in September capped the supply of subsidized cylinders to six a year per household, cooking gas dealers were swamped by consumers rushing in to fill the KYC form. Following consumer complaints of difficulty in completing the process, the deadline was extended to November 15. This has once again been extended by another fortnight.An IOC official said only those consumers who have multiple connections need to comply with the process. Others who have to go through the process are consumers whose names figure in the list published on the websites of the companies and those seeking new connections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17237054", "title": "Will Siddaiah be back?", "text": "BANGALORE: Bangalore MLAs appear to be divided over the reported move to bring IAS officer Siddaiah back as BBMP commissioner. While some are pressuring the CM to bring him, others are against it as they say he was responsible for unearthing scams.Siddaiah, currently principal secretary to higher education department, was moved out of BBMP a year ago and was replaced by MK Shankaralinge Gowda. With the garbage crisis worsening, the government transferred Gowda and brought Rajneesh Goel in August.Ashoka, deputy CM and incharge of Bangalore, seems to have faith in Siddaiah that he will resolve the garbage crisis,'' an MLA close to Ashoka said. When contacted, Ashoka denied it.Mayor D Venkatesh Murthy too said that there was no such proposal. \"I had spoken to Siddaiah three months ago, when the previous BBMP commissioner didn't bother about the garbage crisis. Efforts were then made to get Siddaiah back, not now. Goel is working well on this front,\" he told TOI.On bulk waste generators, the mayor said IT companies would be considered as one. Dismissing the statement, Goel said: \"So far, we have sent notices to 2,331 commercial enterprises who are bulk generators like kalyan mantaps and hotels. IT companies have not been included.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17235120", "title": "Stock scam: 4 cars seized from Dwarka", "text": "NEW DELHI: Investigations in the multi-crore stock scam involving Ulhas Prabhakar Khaire (33) and his wife Rakha J Urs (30) advanced on Thursday as officers of the Economic Offences Wing (EOW) seized four cars from the Dwarka area at Khaire's instance. Police said his Ford Endeavour, Honda Civic, Maruti Swift and Mahindra Scorpio were found in a span of two hours. \"The cars have been seized along with a few documents,'' said joint CP (EOW) Sandeep Goel.Police took Khaire to his various apartments in Dwarka - eight in all - hoping to collect more evidence against the couple. Besides these flats in Delhi, Khaire owns one flat each in Bhiwadi (Haryana), Alwar (Rajasthan) and Moradabad (Uttar Pradesh), and a mansion in Goa. Separate teams are expected to visit each of these places in the coming weeks to collect evidence and verify Khaire's claims.Delhi Police is also likely to approach the Enforcement Directorate (ED) and markets regulator SEBI in connection with the investigations. Investigators said there could be more arrests in the case while efforts are on to ascertain whether the couple stashed money abroad besides investing in property.Police said they had found eight CCTV cameras installed at Khaire's office which he used to keep an eye on his employees. \"We will be studying the footage minutely to find out more about his modus operandi and his personal relationships that helped him con so many people,'' said an investigating officer.Police have come across startling evidence which suggests that Khaire's claim that he was not in touch with any of his family members was not entirely true. \"One of his relatives had joined a call centre in Nagpur just a month ago but stopped attending office 15 days ago \u00e2\u20ac\u201d around the time when Delhi Police reached Nagpur in connection with this case. The connection will be investigated,'' said a source.Khaire and his wife were arrested from Maharashtra's Ratnagiri town on Saturday by sleuths of Delhi Police's Economic Offences Wing for duping more than two lakh people from Delhi, Uttarakhand, Himachal Pradesh, Sikkim, Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh and Maharashtra. They promised investors high returns on their capital through their firm which dealt in stocks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17238055", "title": "Ind vs Eng: England 41/3 at stumps on Day 2, trail by 480 runs", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Cheteshwar Pujara showed immense concentration and skill to notch up his maiden Test double century as India put themselves in the driver's seat in the first Test by posting a mammoth first innings total and then compounded England's misery with three early jolts on Friday.Scorecard | Match in PicsThe 24-year-old Pujara scored an unbeaten 206 and batted for close to nine hours before the hosts declared the first innings at 521 for eight shortly after the tea break on the second day and then reduced the visitors to a precarious 41 for three at stumps.Captain Alastair Cook (22) and Kevin Pietersen (6) were the two unbeaten batsmen at close with England still needing 281 runs to avoid the follow. Nick Compton (9), James Anderson (2) and Jonathan Trott (0) are the three batsmen back in the pavilion on a Sardar Patel track which has already started taking turn.It was Pujara who hogged the limelight as he not only recorded his second Test century in his sixth match but showed his class with some glorious shots on both sides of the wicket.The left-handed Yuvraj Singh, playing his first Test since recovering from a rare germ cell cancer, was the other notable performer with a fluent 74 while captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni (5) and R Ashwin (23) and Zaheer Khan (7) could not hang around for long.Off-spinner Graeme Swann was the pick of the English bowlers with figures of 51-8-144-5, recording his 14th five wicket haul in an innings.Pujara became only the sixth Indian batsman to hit a double century against England. He joined the list of Mansur Ali Khan Pataudi, Sunil Gavaskar, Gundappa Viswanath, Vinod Kambli and Rahul Dravid.Pujara batted for a marathon 513 minutes, faced 389 balls and struck 21 fours during his epic unbeaten knock which served as the foundation for India's monumental total.Off-spinner R Ashwin, who opened the bowling, scalped two wickets and in the process became the fastest Indian to claim 50 Test wickets in his ninth Test, eclipsing Anil Kumble's record of achieving the feat in his tenth match.The Rajkot-born Pujara took two singles in the 9 balls he faced this morning to reach his first landmark after 16 minutes into the day and then continued to bat with a lot of resolute.He added 130 runs in 183 minutes for the fifth wicket with Yuvraj Singh, who scored 74 as the two batsmen denied England any wicket in the first session. The duo had come together late last evening and remained unconquered with 98 and 24 in an overnight total of 323 for 4.India lost the wickets of Yuvraj Singh soon after lunch and also the wicket of captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni, both of them falling to spin bowling.Yuvraj, not out 72 at the end of session one, could add only two runs in under ten minutes before slogging a full-toss from left-arm spinner Samit Patel straight down to long on fielder Graeme Swann, England's most successful bowler in the innings with figures of 5 for 144.The 30-year-old left hander, coming back to play his 38th Test match after having survived a rare germ cell cancer batted for just over three hours and hit six fours and two sixes while facing 151 balls. It was his 11th half century in Test cricket.The partnership for the fifth wicket between Yuvraj and Pujara, that started late last evening and proceeded beyond the first session today, yielded 130 runs in 183 minutes and came off 285 balls.Skipper Dhoni lasted for 39 minutes while scoring 5 before getting bowled trying a wild sweep shot off Swann. This was Swann's 14th five-wicket haul in 47 Test matches.Ashwin and Pujara then put on 66 runs for the 7th wicket in 81 minutes before Kevin Pietersen got rid off the former.After Zaheer Khan fell cheaply to Anderson, the only wicket to fall to a medium pacer, the hosts declared the innings with Pujara unconquered along with Pragyan Ojha.England commenced their reply late in the evening and India began the proceedings with Ashwin and Zaheer Khan. The off-spinner was shifted to the end from which the left-arm pacer bowled after a four-over spell while Ojha came on from his end.Ashwin struck almost immediately by making a ball sneak through between the bat and pad of Compton to disturb the stumps. It was also the burly Tamil Nadu off-spinner's 50th wicket in his 9th Test that made him the fastest among the Indians to reach the landmark surpassing Anil Kumble who had done so in 10 Tests.In the very next over, Ojha dismissed Anderson as Gautam Gambhir at short leg took a brilliant bat-pad catch to dismiss the left-hander. Ashwin struck another big blow by packing off Trott for a blob, through another catch in the leg trap.England had lost these three wickets in 13 balls before Cook and Pietersen with Dhoni beefing up the close-in catching positions with four fielders.In the morning, the home team added 83 runs in 31 overs to their overnight score of 323 for 4 without losing any wicket.Pujara was unconquered on 133 after having batted for nearly six sessions from just after lunch ion Thursday while Yuvraj was unbeaten on 72 after a stay of 174 minutes.The Saurashtra youngster needing just two runs to reach his second 100 in only his 6th Test after starting the day at his individual score of 98, got them in singles to long leg in 9 balls that he faced in the morning to complete the landmark in little over four hours and off 190 balls. It was laced with 13 fours.Yuvraj on Friday added 26 runs to complete his 50 after the first hour of play with a four off Swann.The pair also completed their century partnership for the fifth wicket in 204 balls and 137 minutes, to pile on more agony on the visitors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17235361", "title": "Community centres to get facelift", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Residents of sectors 18 and 19 have a reason to cheer as UT chief architect on Thursday approved extension and renovation of the community centres of sectors 18 and 19.Both these centres were in shambles for the past many years, forcing people to go for other places to host functions.UT chief architect Sumit Kaur and a senior architect visited the centres. City mayor and area councillor and engineering wing officials were also present to discuss issues people face. After inspecting the area, the chief architect found that the existing building is too small to hold functions and requires repair as well. According to the fresh plan, the centres would be able to accommodate 400 to 500 persons for any function.Area councillor Mukesh Bassi said, \"It was the long-pending demand of locals that both community centres should be extended and renovated.\" City mayor Rajbala Malik said, \"Besides community centres, the chief architect has also promised to finalize location for the community parking and playground in the areas.\"A senior MC official said, \"Both centres are congested at present. The parking area is tight and just one toilet is available. These are the reasons why people don't prefer these community centres.\" Sources said a survey would soon be carried out and a blueprint will be released.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17240347", "title": "Karishma Kotak to re-enter 'Bigg Boss' house", "text": "Model-actress Karishma Kotak is all set to re-enter the 'Bigg Boss' house today, a fortnight after she left the show following her father's death.\"I consider myself lucky that Bigg Boss has again given me the opportunity to be the part of the show. I had to leave it due to a family emergency and I am ready to be back because it was my father's wish also to participate in the show,\" she told.Karishma had a pleasant stay in the house during those four weeks and had always stayed away from controversies. She said she is re-entering the house with the same thought process.\"Honestly, I don't have any game plan. I have always stayed there quietly because in real life I am exactly the kind of person my audience watches me on television. I am not the kind of girl who will play on somebody's arguments. My perspective toward my co-contestants didn't change much after coming out of the house,\" she said.So far, the London-born presenter is getting offers from Southern film industry but at the moment she wants to concentrate on Bigg Boss .\" Bigg Boss will certainly help me build my career. I am getting many offers from Southern film industry. But I haven't thought anything about them because my concentration is on this show right now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17235268", "title": "Railways identify 8,000 encroachments in divn", "text": "PUNE: The issue of encroachments is just not confined to the government lands in Pune and Pimpri Chinchwad municipal corporations.According to latest statistics, Pune railway administration has identified about 8,000 encroachments on its land spread in Pune, Satara and Kolhapur districts. Of the total encroachments, about 80% have been found to be near railway tracks and railway properties in Pune.The railway administration conducts encroachment surveys every year. As per the latest reports, encroachments have increased to 8,000 in the division. Density of encroachments remains to be highest in Pune-Lonavla section with registration of about 5,500 cases. Besides this, about 1,700 encroachments have been identified along the Pune-Kolhapur track.The railways administration, however, said there has been no significant increase in encroachments in the last couple of years because of continuous vigil and sharp patrolling undertaken by the administration to restrict such activities.A senior railway official said maximum encroachments were seen along the railway tracks, especially near Pune station, Pimpri, Chinchwad, Hadapsar, Akurdi, Uruli, Ghorpadi, etc. The encroachments are in the form of illegal huts, shops, slums and so on. \"Even though the administration has initiated steps to construct walls to restrict encroachments, people break the wall and encroach upon railway properties, which is an illegal act. Encroachments within the city limits can be seen at the Tadiwala Road, Ghorpadi areas along the Akurdi, Chinchwad and Pimpri stations, Hadapsar,\" said the official.Encroachments have also come up on vacant lands owned by the railways in Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad. The administration has issued notices in some recent encroachment cases, while some cases have been pending in courts for many years.Railway officials said the administration recently initiated action in about 250 cases. The encroachments were removed as they were affecting routine works of the railways. Most encroachments were illegal constructions and huts.When contacted, RPI leader Firoz Mulla said the solution to encroachments is a responsibility of the government. The local representatives of municipal corporations and railway officials need to hold talks with local citizens who should take them in confidence before initiating action, especially if people are residing in huts. The government should implement schemes for these people to relocate them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17235223", "title": "35-year-old Nagpur man commits suicide", "text": "PUNE: A 35-year-old man from Nagpur, identified as Jayant Suryabhan Dhanav, committed suicide at a lodge opposite the Pune railway station on Thursday. The police said Dhanav was from Hansapuri in Nagpur.Sub-inspector Ashok Randive of the Bund Garden police station said Dhanav, who arrived in Pune on Wednesday, had booked room number 116 at Metro Lodge for a day. However, he did not come out for check out on Thursday. Randive said the lodge employees knocked on the door several times, but did not receive any response. After they broke open the door, the lodge employees found Jayant hanging from the ceiling fan. Ali Mirza, owner of the lodge, informed the city police control room on its emergency number 100.According to Randive, the deceased was identified from his Adarsh card. \"We have informed his family, who will reach Pune on Friday,\" he said.The victim's brother has told the police that Jayant had gone missing from Nagpur and a missing persons complaint has been registered with the concerned police station. The victim did not leave any suicide note behind. \"Why Jayant committed suicide will be known after a detail statement of his family members is recorded, Randive said.Senior inspector Ukaji Sonawane, in charge of the Bund Garden police station, said the Dhanav was reportedly drunk and had purchased a new rope for committing suicide. The victim's body was sent to the Sassoon general hospital for post-mortem. A case of accidental death was registered, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "horns are used for a specific purpose", "code": "17237217", "title": "No Horn Monday", "text": "Horns are used for a specific purpose: to alert other drivers on the road. Unfortunately, indiscriminate honking has become a national pastime. People love to honk even at red signals. That companies design louder horns for the Indian market shows how endemic the habit has become. Which is why the No Horn Monday initiative by various stakeholders in the city comes as music to the ears. If for a day, citizens use their vehicle horns sparingly, it would go a long way in spreading discipline on roads. Moreover, it would reduce sound pollution levels for a day.Related story:  Honkers, lend an ear to No Horn Monday", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17237887", "title": "Prabhu Deva irked with Nayan-Rana", "text": "He has decided to leave Mumbai when his ex-girl and her co-star visit the cityThe girlfriend Prabhu Deva claimed to 'have moved on from', Nayanthara, has reportedly found a new 3 am friend in her new co-star Rana Daggubati. This, incidentally hasn't gone down too well with Deva.\"After they broke up in January, Nayan (her pet name) took her own time to settle down but soon she was ready to get back to films. Rana was the first co-star she chose to work with. They became thick friends during the shoot,\" a source told us.Though sources maintained that Rana and Nayan aren't dating, they said, \"The chemistry between them on screen is great. They are gearing up for a long promotional tour together as it will be Nayan's come-back vehicle post her sabbatical that she took to settle down with Prabhu Deva.\" And this tour has not gone down well with Nayan's former boyfriend Prabhu Deva. \"The film will get dubbed in Hindi and there are plans to promote Kishnam Vande Jagatgurum in Mumbai. When Prabhu got to know this, he said that he wants to be out of town at the time,\" added the source.Apparently Prabhu Deva is a tad bit uncomfortable since Nayan's visit to Mumbai will bring his failed relationship back in the news, now that he is a successful filmmaker in Bollywood.\"He was very upset when he heard that there is a possibility of Rana and Nayan promoting their film in Mumbai. This will mean that everybody will ask her about him. Actually, it was during the filming of Rowdy Rathore in Mumbai that they broke up. Rana and Prabhu had remained cordial in Mumbai but now he has decided to keep his distance from Rana,\" said the source.By Soumyadipta Banerjee", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17240320", "title": "Aging action heroes still in demand", "text": "Not long ago, Sylvester Stallone played boxer Rocky for a sixth time and Sly is now reportedly looking at returning as Rambo yet again. Here, we look at Hollywood's 'older' action heroesAt 66, action star Sylvester Stallone has no intention of slowing down. He's making a third Expendables movie and may even do another Rambo flick. And he isn't the only aging action star unwilling to hang up his bootsBruce Willis: The 57-year-old is perhaps best known for his cop act as John McLane in the Die Hard series, the fourth part of which released in 2007. And it seems, he's not done yet. The actor's upcoming filmography includes a fifth in the series, called A Good Day to Die Hard. And that's not all, Bruce is also returning as former Black Ops agent Frank Moses in the sequel to Red. He is also to be seen in a film, aptly titled American Assassin, as well as a sequel to GI: Joe.Jean Claude Van Damme: A decade after Universal Soldier: The Return hit theatres, Kickboxer star Van Damme returned to play the Luc Deveraux in Universal Soldier: Regeneration (2009) and three years later, in Day of Reckoning. This year, he was also seen in the ensemble action flick Expendables 2.Arnold Schwarznegger: And last but not the least, The Terminator - Arnold Schwarznegger . The Mr Universe and seven-time Mr Olympia title winner has come a long way from playing Hercules and Conan The Barbarian. Best known for his take as the cybernetic killer from the future in the Terminator series, Arnold's political aspirations kept him away from the big screen until his cameo in the Expendables. He returned in the sequel as well and in the time since his governor tenure ran out, has been busy filming action thrillers like The Last Stand, The Tomb (which also stars Sylvester Stallone), Unknown Soldier, among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17235233", "title": "10 days after hubby\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s killing, wife hangs self", "text": "MUMBAI: Ten days after her food vendor husband was stabbed to death, a 24-year-old woman committed suicide at her Sion Koliwada home on Thursday. No suicide note was found. A case of accidental death has been registered.Rama Thevar was found hanging in the house around 6am. The police suspect that Rama's suicide is linked to the murder of her husband, Maluappa Thevar (37). Maluappa had been attacked with choppers by four persons in Dadar on November 5. While no arrests have been made in the murder case, cops suspect a family dispute behind it killing.Rama, who hails from Tamil Nadu, was well educated. \"Maluappa, who was already married, tied the knot with Rama against her parents' wishes. The duo is survived by a six-month-old son,\" an officer said.After the marriage, Maluappa's father was murdered in Tamil Nadu and Rama's relative was also killed. According to records in Tamil Nadu, Maluappa was booked in a murder case in the past.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17235107", "title": "Bombay high court sets up spl bench for women in jail", "text": "MUMBAI: In a reprieve for the hundreds of women convicts languishing in prisons in Maharashtra, the Bombay high court has set up a special bench to take up criminal cases in which women are accused.\"The division bench, presided over by Justice Vijaya Kapse Tahilramani, will take up all criminal appeals against conviction where one of the convicts is a woman who is in jail,\" said a notice issued by the HC earlier this month. The bench will begin hearings from November 19, when the court reopens after vacation. The notice clarified that the bench would take up these cases, irrespective of the fact whether the co-accused/convicts in the case are in jail or on bail. The bench would take up the cases, in addition to other matters assigned to it.HC lawyers welcomed the move. Recently, the Supreme Court had expressed concern at the \"fact that a large number of women accused are languishing in jails for a considerable long time and their appeals are pending in various HCs\". The division bench of Justices K S Radhakrishnan and Dipak Mishra had ordered \"registrar generals of all the HCs to submit the year-wise details of the criminal appeals pending in their respective courts in which women convicts are parties.\"The apex court was hearing the case of a woman from Maharashtra convicted of allegedly murdering her daughter-in-law in April 1998. The sessions court had sentenced her to life imprisonment in January 2004, while the HC upheld the verdict in 2011. She moved the SC in appeal and urged for and was granted bail on account of her deteriorating health as she had been in prison since 1998.The Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC) has a special provision to release women accused on bail. Under Section 437(1), courts can release a person if such person is \"under the age of 16 years or is a woman or is sick or infirm\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17234438", "title": "Harendra Gupta secures one-stroke lead at PGTI Players Championship", "text": "MUMBAI: Harendra Gupta of Chandigarh fired a fine 70 to make his way to the top of the leaderboard in Round 3 of the PGTI Players Championship, at the Aamby Valley course, on Thursday.The two-under score helped swell Gupta's three-day total to eight-under 208, before Friday's final round.Arshdeep Tiwana of the Golden Greens Golf &amp; Country Club (Gurgaon) and Vinod Kumar of Delhi were joint second a stroke behind, at seven-under 209.Gupta (68-70-70), overnight tied second, began with a birdie on the first where he sank a 10-footer. He dropped a bogey on the fourth after finding the hazard. Gupta's well-placed second shot earned him another birdie on the fifth.He was two-on on the par-5 seventh green and picked up a stroke on that hole as well. He bogeyed the 10th but ended up with two-under for the day after knocking down a nine-feet birdie putt on the 16th.Arshdeep Tiwana's (72-72-65) gallant seven-under 65 accounted for the day's best score and propelled him from overnight tied 22nd to tied second. Tiwana's round featured a magnificent eagle on the 14th as well as five birdies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17236340", "title": "MDI Chowk to have underpass as well", "text": "GURGAON: Even as the fate of other flyovers that are to come up in various parts of the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) area in the city is hanging fire, the engineering department of the MCG has incorporated some changes in the flyover that is to come up at MDI Chowk. While according to the initial plan only a flyover was to be constructed at this spot that witnesses huge traffic jams during peak hours, an underpass will now be constructed there to ensure smoother traffic flow. A survey carried out by the MCG showed that the traffic coming from and going towards Signature Tower from the old city has increased a lot and therefore the need to provide an alternative arose. ,\"The initial plan was to have a flyover to carry traffic coming from Atul Kataria Chowk towards NH-8, but soon we realized that a flyover alone would not solve the purpose and there was a need to construct an underpass under the flyover. So apart from the flyover, an underpass that will ensure smooth passage for traffic coming from the road that goes towards the Civil Hospital,\" said an official. \"We had carried out a survey in which we found that the traffic going towards the national highway has increased tremendously and the roundabout at MDI is completely choked. We hope that the flyover and underpass at this spot will ease the flow. Moreover, there is also a plan to have another underpass on the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway at the Signature Tower crossing so that this crossing can also b made signal-free,\" he said. The flyover that will constructed at MDI Chowk is mainly to ensure that the huge trailers that carry Maruti cars from the plant on the Old Delhi-Gurgaon road do not clog the surface roads but can instead get straight on to the flyover to reach the national highway. Meanwhile, the other flyover that is to come up near the Civil Hospital is likely to get further delayed as the talks to get the needed land for construction are still under way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17235599", "title": "Extended 'festival vacation' hits work", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A large number of visitors to the UT secretariat and other offices had to return disappointed as senior officials and other staff continued to be on an extended festival 'vacation.'With many employees on leave in almost every department, even routine business came to a halt. \"It being Bhai Dooj on Thursday, a large number of employees have taken leave till Monday and official functioning has been hit. Officials were not available during the public meeting hours,\" rued Amrinder, a visitor from Sector 28, who was in the UT secretariat to give a representation regarding change of his government house.\"With Friday now the only working day left this week, the situation is unlikely to change much as the departments will now be closed for the weekend,\" admitted a UT employee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17235167", "title": "Sugar production slows down, harvesting too hit", "text": "PUNE: The farmers' agitation has affected sugar production in some districts of the state with sugar factories in Kolhapur and Satara districts slowing down their production. However, factories in Nanded, Ahmednagar, Nashik and Pune districts have largely remained unaffected.The sugarcane crushing season this year has started in mid-October and will continue till April 2013. During the first one month since the crushing season has started, 30 quintals of sugar was produced from 40 lakh tonnes of sugarcane.The agitation has also affected sugarcane harvesting. State sugar commissioner Vijay Singhal said that sugarcane harvesters may leave the farms if harvesting activity is not initiated. \"Harvesting labourers migrate from long distance to western Maharashtra every year. The agitation has halted harvesting activity in many districts in western Maharashtra. If the labour community moves out, it will be tough to get them back them,\" he said.Sugarcane farmers have been demanding higher price for their crop and three factions of the Shetkari Sanghatna have started an agitation 10 days ago.In the past two years, sugar factories - both private and cooperative - had rejected the demand for higher price for sugarcane. This led a section of the farmers to divert to other crops due to which the sugarcane availability in the current season has dropped to 545 lakh tonne from 771 lakh tonne in the 2011-12 season.The shortage of sugarcane will force many factories to underutilize their production capacity and also increase production cost. However, market forces will not permit such factories to sell sugar at higher prices in retail market, hence such factories are likely to incur losses, said a senior officer from the state sugar commissionerate.Sources said that 98 cooperative and private factories have started sugarcane crushing. However, the sugar industry is cautious because of the low availability of sugarcane and farmers' agitation for higher price for sugarcane. Technically, if a sugar factory starts crushing, its entire crushing capacity should be utilized, otherwise production cost goes up. Many factories are underutilizing their crushing capacity due to the protests from farmers' organizations.This year, the crushing season was delayed as farmers' organizations claimed that the first installment of sugarcane price, as announced by the Union government, was inadequate. Last year, the government had first announced Rs 1,445 per tonne. This price was later revised to Rs 1,800-2,050 depending on the zone where the cane is grown.In the current year, the government has declared fair and remunerative price of Rs 1,700 per tonne. But the farmers' organizations demanded Rs 3,000 per tonne. Sugar factories said that for such high rates, they will have to sell sugar at higher prices or export it. But the Union government is not in favour of sugar export. Unless there are good returns from sugar and its bi-products factories cannot pay higher prices, they said.Maharashtra produced about 90 lakh tonne sugar in 2011-12, which was much more than the state's requirement. The managements of sugar factories - most of which have political connections - were expecting good returns from export of sugar. The Union government, however, did not permit sugar export and factories had to compromise with their profit margins.So, this year the sugar factories are claiming that they have no capacity to pay higher first installment as they do not have sufficient cash to run the factory for at least next five months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17234713", "title": "Virat Kohli dismissal is Graeme Swann's favourite", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Given the presence of Graeme Swann in the England side, India must have had second thoughts on preparing rank turners for this series.Swann proved here at the Motera on Thursday that in helpful conditions, he can tie even India's best batsmen in knots.Swann picked up all the four wickets to fall on a Day One pitch which is not turning alarmingly yet. On occasion, the batsmen were deceived more by flight than turn.A slightly low bounce too helped Swann, like in the case of Gautam Gambhir's wicket.While bowling from the Media Centre End, though, he was getting more turn and bounce. This time it was Kohli's turn, and though the batsman was lucky to be dropped by Trott once, his luck didn't last for long: he was soon caught in two minds and bowled.\"It's always my favourite way to get a batsman out, bowled through the gate, especially a player as good as Kohli,\" Swann said.Sachin Tendulkar too paid the price for attacking Swann. He swept the bowler for a boundary, dragging the ball from outside off to the midwicket fence, but that that didn't deter the bowler from tossing one up and tempting the batsman.Tendulkar misread the flight and promptly holed out to midwicket.Even a well-set Sehwag misread Swann. \"You have to hand it to Viru, the way he played at the start. I've been reading in the paper that he's been questioned for his form. Good on him for banishing those doubters,\" Swann added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "17236804", "title": "'Largest ever' delegation from Pak expected at trade expo", "text": "AMRITSAR: Six chambers of commerce and industry from Pakistan have confirmed their participation in the Punjab, Haryana, Delhi Chamber of Commerce and Industry-Punjab International Trade Expo (PHD-PITEX) 2012 to be held in Amritsar from December 6 to 10, Punjab committee chairman Rajiv Bali said.This, he said, would be the largest trade delegation from Pakistan to participate in the event. Participants include Lahore Chamber of Commerce and Industry, Rawalpindi Chamber of Commerce and Industry, Islamabad Chamber of Commerce and Industry, Sheikhpura Chamber of Commerce and Industry, Sargodha Chamber of Commerce and Industry and Gujarat Chamber of Commerce and Industry. \"The chambers will hold one-to-one interaction with industry associations of Punjab to strengthen cross border trade,\" he said, adding that this is the most effective way of improving bilateral relations.Industry associations from Punjab participating in the event include Mohali Industries Association, Engineering Exports Promotion Council, Ludhiana Sewing Machines Manufacturers Association, Focal Point Industries Association, Rice Exporters Association and Amritsar based Textiles Manufacturers Association and Shawl Club.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17236146", "title": "32-year-old man commits suicide", "text": "KANPUR: A 32-year-old man allegedly committed suicide by hanging himself in Anup Purwa village in Billhaur police circle on Wednesday.According to police, Suresh Kashyap, son of Chotey Lal Kashyap who was living with his wife, Rani, was addicted to gambling. On Diwali, he lost a huge amount of money while gambling. He asked his wife to give him more money to recover the loss, she refused following which a scuffle ensued between them.On late Wednesday evening, he left the hosue and did not return the whole night. His body was found hanging from a tree in the vicinity on Thursday morning. The villagers apprised his family members about the incident. They also informed the Billhaur police about the incident.Run over: A 39-year-old man was run over by a train in Hansemau village in Bhognipur police area on Wednesday. Police identified the deceased as Pappu, son of Shiv Prasad, a resident of Rajendra nagar ward in Pukhrayan town. He was crossing the railway tracks when he was run over by Rapti Sagar express. The police rushed to the spot and later, sent the body for post-mortem examination.In yet another incident, a 36-year-old man was run over by a train near Lalpur in Billhaur police area on Tuesday. The deceased was identified as Ambrish Awasthi, resident of Kasolar in Kanpur Dehat district. Police said the victim was travelling in Farrukhabad passenger train when the incident occurred. The body was sent for autopsy. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "panipat", "code": "17236818", "title": "Pak nationals accuse Indian kin of grabbing copensation money", "text": "Panipat: Three Pakistan nationals on Thursday alleged that the compensation money awarded to them after the death of their relatives in the 2007 Samjhauta blasts was grabbed by their relatives in India. Addressing a press conference, their advocate Momin Malik said the Pakistan nationals, who reached Panipat on Thursday, would go to Delhi on Monday to take up the matter with railway authorities and officials of the ministry of external affairs.\"Munne Khan, a Pak national, who lost his wife and two children in the blast, did not get the compensation money as his relatives in India grabbed it without informing him. His relatives collected the compensation, amounting to Rs 15 lakh and told him that his petition had been quashed by court,\" Malik said.The compensation amount of Rs 18 lakh that was meant for two brothers, Sayed Umar and Sayed Fahad Ali, who lost their parents in the blasts, was also allegedly grabbed by their relatives. After realizing that they had been cheated by their relatives, they contacted Momin Malik, who had been contesting the cases of Samjhauta blast victims.According to Malik, \"After the blasts, the Pakistani nationals moved Indian courts to get the compensation awarded to them by the railways tribunal enhanced. For the purpose, they gave general power of attorney to their relatives. Even though the court enhanced the compensation amount, the money never reached the people it was intended for. Instead, it was grabbed by their relatives using power of attorney.\"The lawyer also said the complainants would register FIRs against their Indian relatives. \"They have already taken up the matter with the Pakistan high commission in New Delhi and the Indian high commission in Islamabad,\" he said.Sixty-eight people were killed in the blasts on the Delhi-Attari Samjhauta Express, a twice-weekly train service connecting Delhi to Lahore near Panipat on February 18, 2007.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17234599", "title": "Hindu Janajagruti Samiti's plaint sent to Irish authorities", "text": "PANAJI: The New Delhi-based embassy of Ireland has forwarded the complaint of Hindu Janajagruti Samiti (HJS), alleging Bob Geldof's remarks had hurt the sentiments of Indians, \"to appropriate authorities for attention\".Geldof, a renowned musician, had said during his recent visit to the state: \"I knew Goa for its image of beautiful women, drugs and serene beaches. Goa gave me the best drugs. Goa and drugs were completely one thing.\"In a statement, Gerry Kelly , deputy head of mission, embassy of Ireland, New Delhi, said, \"I can assure you that the embassy holds the people of India and of Goa in the highest esteem.\" He said the relationship between Ireland and India continues to intensify with an increased knowledge and awareness of both countries' varied culture.He said the embassy looks forward to the further development of this relationship and the continued growth in the level of knowledge, understanding and mutual respect.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "manipal", "code": "17236420", "title": "Seminar on advanced hearing aids", "text": "MANIPAL: The department of speech and hearing, Manipal College of Allied Health Sciences, Manipal University, is organizing Manipal Audicon-2012, a national seminar on recent advances in auditory evoked potential and hearing aid technology here on Friday.Dr Venkataraja Aithal U, professor and head of the department, said the inauguration will be held at the Syndicate Bank Golden Jubilee hall at 9am.Over 300 delegates have already registered for this seminar which will cover basics to advances in electrophysiological tests in audiology, an essential requirement for proper diagnosis of hearing disorders. The conference will also update delegates on recent advances in hearing aid technology and include scientific paper presentations.Reputed hearing aid industries will showcase their products to update participants on technological developments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17235856", "title": "Haldia Bulk Terminal workers to move court", "text": "KOLKATA: The retrenched employees of ABG have decided to move the Labour Court and Tribunal of West Bengal , days after the port equipment operator quit Bengal.The 600-odd workers of ABG claimed they had strong grounds because Haldia Bulk Terminal (HBT) - a company jointly promoted by ABG of India and LDA of France - had violated an agreement which was valid for ten years. The workers said they would plead before the tribunal that they had been sacked within two years when the agreement between them and the management would have held good for 10 years.HBT, which operated at mechanised berths two and eight at the Haldia Dock Complex (HDC) and handled five million tonnes of cargo per year, announced on October 31 that it was quitting the state over \"poor land and order\" and \"safety\" concerns of its employees.Soon after HBT's pull-out decision on October 31, state labour minister Purnendu Bose had said that the cargo handling company had grossly violated the Labour Act by the way it had terminated its employees.The minister said reasoned thatsince HDC did not come under the state government's jurisdiction, he would approach the Central Industrial Tribunal. He also resolved to write to Union labour minister Mallikarjun Kharge . seeking his intervention.But the workers of ABG have decided to move the tribunal which functions on quick disposal of industry and labour-related disputes, based on an order by the regional labour commissioner (RMC). According to labour rules, any organisation wishing to terminate more than 100 workers have to inform the labour commission 60 days in advance, which ABG hasn't.The RMC had also ordered that the retrenched workers be reinstated.Utpal Bera, INTTUC leader of Haldia Port, said, \"The labourers were paid off with just two months' wage and a Puja bonus. The money was credited to their bank accounts.But there was no word on the compensation they are entitled to due to the violation of the 10-year work agreement.\" Bera added, \"This is enough for an order in the workers' favour.\"The retrenched workers are optimistic that they would find employment now that KoPT has sought fresh bids for the operations at the two berths. They are pinning their hopes on the new contractor giving jobs. Both the berths are likely to be back in operation by March.Problems had been brewing at Haldia Dock Complex (HDC), run by Kolkata Port Trust (KoPT), after berth operator HBT retrenched the first lot (275) of its workers saying they were surplus. Again on November 3, the firm said, \"HBT is left with no option by to retrench its 348 employees from today.\"On October 31, the company had announced its exit from the HDC claiming that the authorities concerned had not been able to provide safety and security to its employees. The company also alleged that three of its senior employees were abducted and forced to leave the industrial town at gunpoint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17234670", "title": "Rahul to lead Cong\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s 2014 poll charge, named head of party's election panel", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rahul Gandhi will head the key Congress panel to oversee preparations for the 2014 elections, an announcement seen as the first step towards declaring him the party's poll mascot.Although an announcement of Rahul's formal elevation to party No.2 is likely to come later, his position as the head of the election coordination committee released on Thursday is seen as a precursor to his eventual projection as the party's choice for prime minister as well as beginning of poll preparations.The six-member poll panel includes political secretary to the Congress supremo Ahmed Patel, AICC general secretaries Janardan Dwivedi and Digvijaya Singh, rural development minister Jairam Ramesh and Madhusudan Mistry, a key AICC leader.A K Antony will head a sub-panel to work out pre-poll alliances and another on \"manifesto and government programmes\" that will attempt to make UPA hew to the party's poll promises. There will also be a sub-committee on the publicity strategy.Congress forms 3 sub-panels for poll pactsThe early attempt by the Congress to tighten the organizational nuts and bolts for the 2014 challenge reflects the recognition that the party stands weakened after the floundering experience of UPA-2, and its heightened stake in 2014 because of Rahul being showcased as PM contender.While the No.2 slot going to Rahul is seen as a certainty, the delay has raised doubts in some quarters if it would be done at all. \"He is anyway the next man after Soniaji,\" goes the common refrain. Sources said his leadership of the poll panel is sure to help tamp down the doubts. That Congress will be in poll mode from now on was further stressed by the announcement of three sub-committees to stitch poll alliances and hammer out publicity strategy. One of the groups is called \"manifesto and government programmes\" and is seen as the platform to heed the concern that UPA should be made to hew to party's poll promises.The manifesto panel will have a clutch of key ministers, with seniormost A K Antony on the top, and include P Chidambaram, Sushil Shinde, Salman Khurshid besides Sandeep Dikshit and Ajit Jogi. The membership of chairman of National Commission for SCs P L Punia and former minority affairs minister Khurshid is seen to address critical party constituencies.Mohan Gopal, director of Rajiv Gandhi Institute of Contemporary Studies, has been made a special invitee, reinforcing the perception that the body is emerging as a Congress think-tank. Party managers have raised doubts over \"political instincts\" of the Manmohan regime, and the panel may be mandated to ensure the new-found stress on cutting costs does not come at the cost of \"aam admi\" schemes. Leaders also attacked the recent decision to cap subsidized cooking gas cylinders to six a year, demanding that it be raised. The government was attacked for reports in the midst of Himachal polls that cost of subsidized cylinders may be hiked.Sonia sought to lift spirits at the Surajkund meet by saying she intended to announce poll panels to start preparations in earnest. The meet was aimed at opening a dialogue between the Congress organization and the government in which the negatives of UPA-2 dominated amid enough indications of sagging morale.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "cuddalore", "code": "17235269", "title": "Cuddalore imposes prohibitory orders to combat dengue", "text": "CUDDALORE: In a significant move to reduce dengue cases, the district authorities here imposed prohibitory orders to book people and institutions disposing waste in public places. The order, which came into force on Sunday, will continue for two months.Cuddalore is the first district in the state to impose such prohibitory orders.Cases of dengue have gone up four fold in Tamil Nadu , which recorded 8,482 cases and 54 deaths in 2012 as against 2,501 cases and nine deaths in 2011. Several other states have recorded a sharp increase in the number of dengue cases and deaths this year, attracting international attention.District collector Rajendra Ratnoo directed all individuals, shops, institutions, organizations and establishments to refrain from littering and advised them segregate and send the waste for recycling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17236129", "title": "Central Govt staff strike on Dec 7", "text": "KANPUR: Central government employees will go on strike on December 7 to highlight their demands.The Central Government Employees Association and Workers (CGEA&W; ) has constituted a five-member flying squad to make the strike successful, Sharad Prakash Agarwal, general secretary, CGEA &amp; W, said on Thursday.The squad would go to all the departments and chalked out strategy for the strike. A meeting to discuss the issue would be held in Lucknow on November 21.A meeting had already taken place a couple of days earlier, in which representatives from income tax, postal department, RMS, defense account, civil account, Central excise &amp; customs, quality control, CPWD, Airport Authority, All India Radio, ESI and others took part.Sharad said that pay amendment of Central government employees be implemented from January 1, 2011.Setting up of pay commission every five years, merger of DA with salary and pension, recruitment on vacant posts and meetings of anomaly committee to remove disparities in pay scales, five promotions during service period and other demands would be raised.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17235768", "title": "Puja, 'langar' mark celebration", "text": "LUDHIANA: The employees of Dayanand Medical College and Hospital (DMCH) organized a \" puja\" and \" langar\" to celebrate Vishwakarma Day at the hospital with traditional fervour on Thursday.Secretary, DMCH managing society, Prem Kumar Gupta, chief cardiologist Dr G S Wander, dean academics Dr Rajoo Singh Chhina, medical superintendent Dr Ashwani Chudhary and Dr Sandeep Puri were present on the occasion.During the day, the employees of different departments worshipped their tools and instruments. They prayed for a better future, safe working conditions and success in their respective fields. Around 2,000 employees ate together in a \"langar\" served on the auspicious day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17237033", "title": "Zoo animals too face stress", "text": "BANGALORE: The recent festival season may have been fun and relaxing for visitors to the zoos in the country, but not for many of the animals. If you thought only humans are stressed out, read this. According to animal experts, the constant stream of visitors, loud noise, rousing odours, flash bulbs, some people feeding the wrong food can stress out animals. Karnataka is no exception.Zoo animals living in limited space are confronted by environmental challenges. What they need is some freedom, said experts.\"In India, we can bring in a lot of professionalism in the working of the zoos, given that a lot of data and technology is available. The will to implement it can cut down on the animals' stress,\" said Ch Kishan, general manager, People for Animals, Bangalore.\"Kinder and competent handling of animals is called for. It can happen when we have the right people at the right places, and not get in officials on deputation from a different department,\" said city-based ornithologist MB Krishna.Experts said that a separate cadre needed to be created to fill in the zoo vacancies. \"They must come from a wildlife background,\" said Suparna Bakshi Ganguly, president and co-founder trusteee, CUPA (Compassion Unlimited Plus Action).Agree wildlife enthusiasts. \"Very few zoos have specialized, trained people. That bonding between the animal and the handler is required otherwise the former goes into a state of trauma and become susceptible to infections,\" said T Gopal, retired director, Institute of Animal Health and Veterinary Biologicals, Bangalore.As for Mysore Zoo, it has taken some steps to improve animal welfare. Sometime back when African hunting cheetahs were brought in, the authorities redesigned the enclosure. When they noticed that the big cats were restless, they covered a part of the enclosure to extend some privacy.Mysore Zoo saw 37 deaths since April this year. The death of Maya, a cheetah, was due to a viral infection, while it cubs died due to lack of colustrum and a green anaconda died due to heart failure.Unlike space constraint at the Mysore facility, Bannerghatta Biological Park near Bangalore has no such issue allowing the authorities to redesign the enclosures. The day kraals of big cats at Bannerghatta are remodelled and a pond is provided where the tigers play,'' said M Nanjundaswamy, chairman, Zoo Authority of Karnataka.Day off for animals. \"The zoos are designed to educate the people about the wildlife. Naturally the inmates are stressed with tourists visiting the conservation centres. That is why we've a day off for every zoo in the state.M Nanjundaswamy, chairman, Zoo Authority of KarnatakaBring them youngAre the young animals brought in as part of the exchange programme from other zoos more likely to survive the odds than the not-so-young? The probability is high, said experts.It is often alleged that zoos which have a surplus in any one species population agree to give out some to another zoo and get different species animals in exchange. Often it is the ailing and old animals which are transported and despite proper care and medication, these animals fail to survive beyond a certain period.Though facilitated by the Central Zoo Authority, this exchange programme has quite a few loopholes, said experts.The debatable question is adding on species when the zoos are unable to cope with the existing numbers. \"Each species has its specific requirement and its adaptability quotient is different, so the challenge to manage a huge number of species is certainly an uphill task,\" said Suparna Bakshi Ganguly, president and co-founder trusteee, CUPA.\"I think the area (in the Mysore Zoo) required to maintain such a sustainable variety of animals is quite inadequate,\" said wildlife photographer Dinesh Kumble.STRESS FACTORSDaily pressure to be on show, incompetent handling by some zoo staff, unscientific designs of cages, loud noiseANIMAL DEATHS* 37 reported animal deaths at the Mysore Zoo since April this year*Of more than 8,668 animal deaths that occurred in state-run zoos in the last 3.5 year time frame, 3,414 (39.38%) were reported from Andhra Pradesh , Karnataka, Kerala, Tamil Nadu and Orissa put together*In 2011-12, of a total of 2,661 animal deaths in India, 971 were in South Indian zoos(Source: internet)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "quepem", "code": "17234802", "title": "Birth, death certificates pending as Sanguem sub-registrar on leave", "text": "QUEPEM: For the last 15 days, the sub-registrar's office at Sanguem is only receiving applications for the issue of birth, marriage and death certificates but delivering none as the sub-registrar is on leave, sources said.Staff at the sub-registrar's office told TOI they cannot issue certificates without the sub-registrar's signature and that two posts of lower division clerks are vacant.The announcement of schemes like Ladli Laxmi, Griha Laxmi has triggered a rush for documents leading to long queues at the sub-registrar's office.\"Aspiring beneficiaries stand in queues for hours just to hand in applications for a certificate but these are issued only after a month or so,\" a source said.Sanguem resident Francis Carvalho said, \"As the government keeps announcing schemes the load falls on government staff to issue different certificates. The government should appoint extra staff at the civil registrar offices for issue of certificates.\"When contacted, state registrar-cum-head of notary services Pandharinath Bodko said he will depute a head clerk in place of the sub-registrar by Friday morning to sign the certificates. He blamed the Sanguem office staff for not communicating to him that sub-registrar Maria Cecilia Mendes is on leave till November 28.The situation at the Quepem sub-registrar's office is no different as applicants are receiving certificates up to 45 after applying. Quepem sub-registrar Digamber Kanolkar said he had recently taken over. \"If correct information is provided, we will ensure certificates are issued within a week. We will try to put things in order,\" Kanolkar said.Former Quepem municipal council chairperson Theresa Travasso blamed the government for not filling up vacant post in the sub-registrar's office so as to avoid the delay in issuing the certificates.Officials at the Quepem sub-registrar's office said they are currently receiving over 100 applications a day, while in Sanguem they receive over 80 applications.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17235098", "title": "Additional Rajdhani coaches today", "text": "MUMBAI: Western Railway will attach three additional coaches \u00e2\u20ac\u201da 3-tier and two 2-tier air-conditioned\u00e2\u20ac\u201dto the Mumbai-New Delhi Rajdhani Express leaving Mumbai on Friday.It will also run two special Bandra-Jodhpur services on November 18 and 21. The train will leave Bandra Terminus on November 18 at 12.15am and reach Jodhpur that night at 8.25pm. It will halt at Borivli, Surat, Vadodara, Anand, Ahmedabad, Mahesana, Palanpur, Abu Road, Sirohi Road, Falna, Marwar and Luni both ways.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17234969", "title": "Varanasi priests to perform aarti at Suryadham temple", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Devotees visiting Suryadham temple in Sidhgora this year on Chhath can witness the beauty of Varanasi's aarti. The Suryadham Mandir Trust, which organizes a two-day festival, has invited a group of five priests from the holy town who will perform Ganga aarti at Chhath Gath located in the temple premises.\"The priests will perform prayers and aarti during sunrise and sunset on both the days,\" said Laxmikanth, a senior functionary of the temple body. \"I am sure the lovely Maha aarti event will delight the devotees,\" said Jamshedpur East MLA Raghuvar Das, a patron of the Suryadham trust.\"Puja items on concessional rate will be available on first come first served basis as we have a limited stock,\" said a temple functionary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17240933", "title": "Nirahua back in Bigg Boss?", "text": "Superstar of Bhojpuri cinema, Nirahua is expected to be back at the Bigg Boss house on huge demand of audience. Nirahua will re-enter the house today .Nirahua had won hearts in his week long stay at the house and now he is all set to be a house member once again. We hope Nirahua's re-entry cools down the boiling mood at Bigg Boss' house.Source: bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17237232", "title": "Visually impaired can now see the Tricolour", "text": "Bangalore: Some 12 million visually challenged persons in the country will be able to see the nation's Tricolour. This, thanks to the initiative taken by an eye hospital and NGO working for betterment of the visually impaired.Sankara Eye Hospital, in partnership with Sightsavers, introduced the first Braille Indian flag on Thursday. The tactile flag was unveiled by governor HR Bhardwaj.The flag colours are depicted through varying textures and a raised chakra at its centre allows the visually challenged to feel the Ashoka Chakra with its 24 spokes. Its colours and features are explained in Braille alongside the flag. The Braille flag is a fully tactile graphic made on copper with enamelled paint accompanied with a user key that helps the visually impaired make out the orientation and colours. Only the US and UK are known to have national flags that are accessible to the blind.Dr RV Ramani, founder and managing trustee, Sankara Eye Care Institutions India, said, \"It is unfortunate that something as important as the national flag is inaccessible to the blind. We focus on preventive eye care for the children through our paediatric programme Nanna Kannu. At the same time we believe that the blind should get equal access to rights and services as their sighted counterparts . This tactile flag is one of the steps towards this.\"The governor inaugurated an exhibition 'Through Different Eyes' . It is aimed at spreading the message that visual impairment can be overcome. The exhibition showcased photographs taken by 14 children whose vision was restored owing to the efforts of Sightsavers and Sankara Eye Hospital. These children were introduced to the nuances of digital photography in workshops conducted last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17235094", "title": "Women riding pillion without helmet crushed", "text": "NEW DELHI: A family in Nathpura lost two young members in a motorcycle accident in the run-up to Diwali. A 35-year-old woman and her 24-year-old sister died on Saturday afternoon when the motorbike they were riding pillion on got disbalanced and the duo were crushed under the tyres of a truck around 4pm in Ashok Vihar. None of them was wearing a helmet.The person driving the bike, Chander Pal, escaped with minor injuries on his chest and knees. The two victims have been identified as Chander's wife Santosh (35) and his sister-in-law Neeta (24). \"They had just crossed the Richi Rich red light at Ashok Vihar on their way to a satsang in Punjabi Bagh when the accident happened. Chander is resting at home,\" said his brother Prem Singh.\"All three were on one motorcycle and the women were not wearing helmet as it is not compulsory for them. We are yet to determine the cause of the accident and whose was at fault but the fact remains that the motorcycle had more people than allowed and women were not wearing the protective gear,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.\"Women without helmets become excessively vulnerable if such an incident takes place. In larger interest of road safety, women must wear helmets on two-wheelers even if not compulsory.\" he added. \"The man driving the motorcycle was wearing a helmet and escaped almost unhurt. There was also no scratch on the motorcycle.\"The Central Motor Vehicle Act had the provision of compulsory wearing of helmet by all pillion-riders on two-wheelers, but the Delhi government had made it optional in its Motor Vehicle Rules 1993.Although the truck driver has been booked for causing death due to negligent driving, cops are investigating how the accident took place as both the vehicles had just crossed the red light and were moving slow. \"It appears that the truck was on the left side of the motorcycle and both started moving as the light turned green. Eyewitnesses have said the vehicles were not speeding but suddenly the motorcycle and the truck touched on the side and the bike fell,\" said a senior police officer of the area.\"The man fell on the right side, but both women fell on the left side and were crushed under the front wheel of the truck. While Neeta died on the spot, Santosh was pronounced brought dead at a nursing home in Shalimar Bagh,\" added the officer.Santosh had been married to Chander for 18 years, while Neeta got married 18 months ago. \"She had come to stay with her brother as she had been keeping unwell for the past few days. Neither of the two sisters had children,\" said Chander's brother.Traffic police records show that cases of triple-riding are on the rise. Also, women not wearing helmets are constantly exposing themselves to danger. Till October 31 this year, cops have recorded 45,326 cases of triple-riding \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a significant jump from 33,281 cases recorded in the same time period last year. During the same period, 35 women have died while travelling on two-wheelers. Hospital officials also claim that the extent of head injury is more in women riding pillion than men riding a two-wheeler.Two-wheeler riders are also the most vulnerable road accident victims after pedestrians. Last year, 705 two-wheeler riders died in road accidents, accounting for over 35% of the total road accident victims in Delhi. This is a jump from 2010, when about 32% victims were two-wheeler riders.Traffic cops say an increase in the fine for those caught riding two-wheelers without a helmet will help in reducing fatalities. \"Right now, the fine amount is paltry \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Rs 100. In the amendment to the motor vehicle act, it has been suggested that the fine should be increased to a minimum of Rs 500,\" said an officer.\"To increase safety of two-wheeler riders, countries like Vietnam, Cambodia and Uganda have adopted Global Helmet Vaccine Initiative with positive results but the lack of dedication on the part of policymakers in India has kept the country's road safety record dismal,\" said K K Kapila, chairman of International Road Federation (IRF).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17239587", "title": "Vivek injured in a freak Accident", "text": "Comedian Vivek suffered serious injuries while shooting for the film Pathaayiram Kodi. The film, directed by Sreenivasan Sundar, is presented by Mukta Sreenivasan and produced by Sreenivasan under his banner Maya Creations.Actor Vivek sustained serious injuries in his leg while shooting. In one of the scenes, he was supposed to jump from behind and he had a fall and sustained injuries.The shooting of Pathaayiram Kodi was fast progressing nearing Chennai when the freak accident happened. Vivek suffered a knee dislocation and a minor fracture and was in intense pain due to which he was rushed to the hospital. The shooting was canceled immediately and the doctors have advised him complete rest until he is fit for work again.Vijay plays a CBI officer in the film. Directed by Srinivasan Sundar, the movie features a bunch of youngsters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "17236269", "title": "Five students injured as school bus overturns", "text": "KANNUR: Five students escaped with minor injuries when the school bus they were traveling in overturned after hitting an electric pole at Vengara near Pazhyangadi here.Though the post fell over the bus, power supply had been snapped in the impact of the collision, police said, adding that it averted a tragedy. The injured students were in the 6-7 age group.The minibus belonged to Mappila UP School in Vengara and was ferrying six students of Rahimania English Medium School. The driver lost control over the bus near the Vengara temple, and it hit the electric pole and overturned.The injured students, three girls and two boys, were taken to Pariyaram Medical College hospital after providing administering first aid in a local hospital. Police said the bus driver fled the scene soon after the accident. A case, under Sections 279 and 337 of the Indian Penal Code, has been registered against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh/patiala", "code": "17236741", "title": "Diwali revelry leaves air in cities toxic", "text": "Chandigarh/PATIALA: After farmers in Punjab polluted the air by burning paddy last month, an act that earned them a rebuke from the Supreme Court, people burst crackers generously on Diwali, adding to the pollution. It will not be easy to undo the aftermath of the Diwali revelry. According to the Punjab Pollution Control Board (PPCB), which exhorted people to celebrate in an eco friendly manner only last week, the content of respirable suspended particulate matter (RSPM) was high in the three big cities of the state, Ludhiana, Amritsar and Patiala.Referred to as the Manchester of India because of its investment climate, Ludhiana, which was dubbed the most polluted city by the WHO in 2011, broke its own past record by recording a shocking 648 micrograms RSPM per cubic meter in residential areas.Before Diwali, the RSPM in the same residential areas of Ludhiana had touched 364 micrograms per cubic meter, five times the prescribed level in India. The permissible limit of RSPM in India is 100.Things were pretty much the same in Amritsar and Patiala where RSPM levels were recorded at 358 and 238 micrograms per cubic meter respectively as compared to last years' readings of 270 and 234 ig/ m3.On Diwali, the SO2 level in Ludhiana shot up to 24 g/m3 from an already high presence of 19 g/m3. In Amritsar and Patiala too, the two deadly gases rose to 21 and 10 g/m3 on Diwali as compared to 10 and 5 g/m3 before the festival.The quality of air in India's urban cities' is a far cry from WHO's air quality guidelines allowing a maximum of 20 micrograms per cubic meter. However, nine other cities in the country have fared even worse.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17238837", "title": "Five Colours bags Samar's Telugu rights", "text": "Srinivas Damera of Five clours Multi Media bagged the Telugu rights of Vishal new Tamil film 'Samar' directed by Thiru . The movie features Vishal pairing opposite Trisha for the first time and will also feature Sunaina in a prominent role.The movie has completed 95% of its shooting except two songs. Shooting took place in different locations of Ooty, China, Hong Kong and Malyasia. Samar is said to be an action flick where Vishal is said to have performed some death defying stunts. The team canned action sequences with 3 helicopters , spent around 4 crores in Malayasia.Yuvan Shankar Raja is said to have completed his portions and the audio will soon be hitting the stores in November 3rd week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "17236886", "title": "Stamp of Jiang in composition of top party body", "text": "BEIJING: As Xi Jinping formally took charge of China, other members of the new allpowerful committee stood at their allotted spots marked with numbers on the floor. The man on the No. 2 spot was Li Keqiang, 57, who will replace Wen Jiabao as premier.Xi has often been called a 'princeling' as he is the son of the late Xi Zhongxun, a respected Communist elder. However, he was 'sent down' to the countryside to live and work alongside peasants during Mao Zedong's 1966-76 Cultural Revolution. Many of China's other new rulers too are part of the 'red nobility' - scions of politically important families. They are considered conservative, which would leave little or no possibility of liberalizing the authoritarian rule.A scholar of Chinese politics, Bo Zhiyue, was quoted in the New York Times as saying, \"I think the emphasis is on continuity over change this time around.\" This is bound to disappoint many among the Chinese elite who expect Xi to support more openness in the country's political and economic system.But, Xi demonstrated that he would be his own man, with independent thinking. \"Our people have an ardent love of life. They wish to have better education, more stable jobs, more income, greater social security, better medical and health care, improved housing conditions, and a better environment,\" Xi said.The other Standing Committee members listed according to their party rankings are: Zhang Dejiang, 65, Yu Zhengsheng, 66, Liu Yunshan, 64, Wang Qishan, 63, and Zhang Gaoli, 65. At least three of the seven members, aged 65 or above, are expected to retire after completing a fiveyear term, giving Xi more flexibility to create proteges and backers along the way.Three proteges of the outgoing leader Hu Jintao - Li Yuanchao, Liu Yuandong and Wang Yang - did not make it to the Standing Committee, suggesting that former president Jiang Zemin had managed to sideline Hu.Xi has shown early signs of making resurgent nationalism as his political plank to deal with internal strife, the turbulence in Tibet, and sword clanging with Japan over disputed Diaoyu Islands.Tibetan teen puts self on fire, diesATibetan teenager on Thursday committed self-immolation in Qinghai province as China unveiled its new leadership led by Xi Jinping to rule the country. This is ninth suicide since the 18th Communist Party congress began on November 8.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17234794", "title": "Indians likely to ditch getaways when work crops up: Survey", "text": "MUMBAI: Indians are largely \"vacation deprived\", they readily cancel their holiday plans when faced with a last-minute work assignments and fear that important decisions will occur in office in their absence. These were some of the findings that came out of an annual analysis of vacation habits among people across the globe.Japan though tops the list with the maximum (62%) unused vacation days followed by Korea (30%), while India and Australia tied for the fourth position, with Indians leaving 25% of vacation days unused. \"India has climbed up number one position from its slot last year to be the fourth most vacation deprived nation in the world,'' said The survey was carried out online among 8,600 employed people across 22 countries. The sample size for India was about 600 people.\"In India, while the bosses have softened their stance on leaves as compared to last year, the median numbers of leaves given has dropped significantly from 25 in 2011 to 20 this year,\" said Manmeet Ahluwalia, marketing head (India), Expedia.co.in, a travel portal that conducted the survey.\"Indians still rank second globally in the number of people logging in during vacation with 47% checking regularly and 39% checking on work sometimes. These trends indicate the increasing levels of stress and %further highlight the importance of a good break,\" %he added.While most Europeans have 25-30 days of vacation each year, Asia had the least vacation days, lead by Korea and Taiwan employees who took only ten days of vacation a year. A significant number of employees across continents receives no vacation days and these include those from developed countries like the US (18%), Japan (17%), Canada (16%) and Australia (16%).The survey found that while 37% Indians prefer the option of accumulating holidays, 31% did so as they were not able to coordinate and 23% said they were \"vacation deprived\" because of lack of planning. \"As in 2011, Indian employees (22%, highest globally) turned out to be the most likely to fear that important decision will occur in their absence in the office,\" the survey states. When it comes to cancelling a holiday for work assignments, people from Taiwan topped the list with 72% cancellations, followed by those from Korea (67%), India (60%) and Brazil (59%).The least amount of cancellations due to work was seen in the Netherlands and the UK at 23% and 22% respectively. The survey found that supportive bosses are a universal trend with highest in Brazil at 83 percent followed by India at 76 percent, Ireland and Spain at 75 percent, US and UK at 73 percent. Bosses in Italy were found to be least supportive at 33 percent. \"In India, the number of bosses supporting an employee's vacation has risen from 72% last year to 76% in 2012,\" the survey found.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17242225", "title": "Ranji Trophy: Onus on Manoj Tiwary, Ashok Dinda to get Bengal's campaign back on track", "text": "KOLKATA: Captain Manoj Tiwary and pace spearhead Ashoke Dinda will be firing on all cylinders as hosts Bengal take on a young Gujarat side led by Parthiv Patel in a third round Ranji Trophy encounter at the Eden Gardens from Saturday.While Bengal were thrashed by Punjab in their last group league match in Mohali, Gujarat could only manage a point against Saurashtra in a run-feast at Surat.On a sporting Eden Gardens track that offers substancial help to the seamers, the good news for Bengal will be the return of fast bowler Shami Ahmed who was ruled out during the first two games due to side strain.The Shami-Dinda combination is the fastest among the domestic new ball pairs in the country and have the ability to rattle any oppositon with raw pace.It will be interesting to see how the Bengal pace trio of Shami, Dinda and Sourav Sarkar tackle a batting line-up that has domestic run-machine Parthiv, seasoned Y Venugopal Rao and Manpreet Juneja who scored a double century on his first-class debut last season.However Bengal's main problem over the years has been batting. Save Manoj Tiwary and to a certain extent Wriddhiman Saha , none of the other Bengal batsmen have been able to show consistency that is required to win a national championship.While Wriddhiman has scored four consecutive first-class half centuries in four innings, Manoj's slight dip in form is a worry for the home team as it is largely dependant on the form of its skipper.For Manoj, a big score is also important because the Bengal batsman needs to score more than his immediate competitor Rohit Sharma in order to at least cement a place in the ODI scheme of things.Middle-order batsman Anustup Majumdar has been badly exposed after a good first season as the bowlers seemed to have sorted him out and he hasn't got a good score till now.The home team will also hope that veteran all-rounder Laxmi Ratan Shukla comes good like he did in the previous game and whenever Shukla has done well, Bengal has held the upperhand over their opposition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17242487", "title": "Delnaaz can win Bigg Boss: Sidhu", "text": "Colors big ticket show Bigg Boss season 6 has already witnessed the colorful nature of all the contestants present in the house. And there is no doubt that out of them the most cool and humble contestant is certainly Delnaaz Irani.Last week cricketer politician Sidhu came out of the house for shouldering his political responsibilities. Sidhu who was a father figure for most of the house mates in the Bigg Boss house is quite confident about Delnaaz's win, he says,\"Delnaaz has the potential to win the Big Boss title. She has a very clean soul and never criticizes others. She has a very caring attitude towards other people in the house. And as time goes by she will be more loving towards the other in mates and this quality of her can help her to win the title.\"Both Sidhu and Delnaaz shared a very warm relationship inside the house and even discussed Rajev Paul.Well, with this it seems Delnaaz already has one vote in her kitty!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17237165", "title": "Savita kindles ancient debate", "text": "Savita Halappanavar , who died after being refused an abortion in an Irish hospital, had planned to celebrate her baby's first birthday in Belgaum to coincide with her parents ' wedding anniversary. Savitha shared this dream with her father Andaneppa Yalagi a week before she breathed her last, when her parents had visited her. \"She had spoken to me about her wish to celebrate her child's first birthday and our 40th wedding anniversary in a grand way in Belgaum. But fate had something else in store,\" Yalagi said in a choked voice. Though Savita's condition had deteriorated a week later, with her kidneys getting affected, she had pleaded with her husband not to reveal anything to her family. She feared her father wouldn't be able to accept it, as he had undergone a bypass heart surgery a few years ago. Yalagi came to know of Savita's trauma only a couple of days after she died. Before the news of her death was broken to him, Yalagi was mentally and physically prepared to bear the shock by medical experts, relatives and wife A k k a m a h a d ev i . \"Though I was mentally prepared, I couldn't bear to hear the news,\" Yalagi said. A fortnight after the tragedy, Akkamahadevi is still in shock and inconsolable. She feels her dead daughter will attain \"moksha \" only after the Irish authorities amend the existing laws on abortion. \"Savita was a bold and intelligent woman with big dreams. She never tolerated injustice and if anybody wants her soul to rest in peace, the injustice that happened with her should not be repeated . Everybody should force the Ireland government to amend its laws. I know my daughter will not return but I seriously feel more Savitas shouldn't die this way,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17239961", "title": "Tolly-Telly link in grand finale", "text": "Soap stars, Tolly heartthrobs to light up closing ceremony of KIFFWe've heard that CM Mamata Banerjee takes out time to watch Bangla channels \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and not just news! She is apparently quite clued into Bengali soaps and this will get reflected in the closing ceremony of the 18th Kolkata International Film Festival on Saturday.Her active involvement in planning the ceremony has ensured that eight TV stars and five Tolly celebs would be part of the event. The show, titled Purno Houk Purno Houk Banglar Mati Banglar Jol, will feature popular TV characters like Baha from Ishti Kutum, Tushu from Anchol, Lokhi from Shongshar Sukher Hoye Romonir Gune, Tapur from Tapur Tupur, Ayushi from Agnipariksha, Rashi from the serial Raashi, Dustu from Keya Patar Nouko and Kiron from Saat Pake Bandha. Sources say, Tollywood stars like Jeet, Dev, Soham along with Subhashree and Srabonti will also make an appearance in the end. The show has been choreographed by Sukalyann Bhattacharya but conceived and conceptualized by our CM herself.\"An emotional interpretation of the famous Rabindrasangeet, Banglar mati, Banglar jol, has been planned. The show has been choreographed in a way where these eight telly stars, on stage, will represent eight jewels in Bengal's crown. Tolly biggies will join them later and take a bow together at the end of the show,\" informed Sukalyann.Ranita Das aka Baha of Ishti Kutum couldn't contain her excitement. She said, \"I'm glad that I got this opportunity to perform at KIFF. This would be my first time.\" Geetashree Roy, popularly known as Rashi, is equally happy to be part of the closing ceremony. \"It is a great honour,\" she said. Jeet, who got his hand burnt while bursting crackers during Kali Puja, said, \"I missed out on the opening ceremony of KIFF as I was shooting in Hyderabad then, but I'm glad that I will be there at the closing ceremony. I got a call to perform at the event but I'm yet to know the details.\"On his part, Dev said, \"I don't know if I'll be able to perform since I have my shooting. But I'm trying to adjust the time. Let's see.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17235925", "title": "Calf ingests plastic bags, dies", "text": "NASHIK: An injured seven-year-old calf that fell ill after ingesting plastic bags died on Tuesday night. Activists, who rescued the calf on Monday, and veterinary doctors confirmed that the calf had fallen ill after ingesting plastic bags.Activists were informed of the calf which had been limping near Rachana School for several days. The team of Sharan, an NGO for animal welfare, reached the spot last week, along with veterinary experts, to find that the calf was injured in the hind right leg and had bloating and infection.\"It was an old wound. We had to transport it in a tempo to a cowshed on Trimbak Road. It took three-four hours and seven-eight volunteers to lift the calf. It had developed an infection due to swallowing of plastic. Its digestion had stopped and its nose gave out yellowish green liquid,\" said volunteers. Veterinary experts said the calf was weak and hence a surgery was difficult.On Tuesday, when a veterinary doctor visited the calf to perform a surgery, it had already passed away. The NGO and volunteers of the goshala buried the carcass in the premises.Activists have appealed citizens to restrict their use of polythene and to not dump them in the open.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17235151", "title": "Government responsible for low 2G auction revenue: BJP", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress general secretary Digvijaya Singh attacked the CAG after the low yields of the 2G auction. \"CAG should reconsider how far its estimate (of Rs 1.76 lakh crore loss) was right with regard to the report, which it had earlier given and the losses that it had computed.\"The sharp attacks mark a fresh escalation of the conflict between CAG Vinod Rai and the UPA that has been at the receiving end of scathing audit reports on 2G, Commonwealth Games, Coalgate, GMR-run Delhi airport and the Reliance-operated KG basin offshore gas fields. There are indications that the government may step up the counter-offensive by wheeling out the heavy artillery on Friday.The BJP , however, stuck to its guns, with party veteran Yashwant Sinha returning fire with gusto. \"They (UPA government) first destroyed the telecom sector which is the real success story of economic liberalization in India. With the success story destroyed, how would you expect people to come forward and bid the amounts you were expecting,\" an agency report quoted the former finance minister as saying.He also dismissed as \"most ridiculous\" the government's argument that the poor returns from the 2G auction had repudiated the auditor's estimate of presumptive loss of Rs 1.76 lakh crore and the opposition's criticism based on that. \"We are not in government, we did not fix those amounts. They are the ones who have fixed the amount. And having destroyed something, they are teaching us that we were wrong. They are teaching the CAG that it was wrong,\" he said.The ruling coalition's aggression did not impress the CPM either. Party leader Nilotpal Basu hit back by accusing the government of being selective with facts. He said a part of the 122 licences cancelled by the Supreme Court had grossed as much as the entire proceeds of the allocations under DMK's A Raja as telecom minister.Digvijaya Singh sought to dismiss the suggestion that the auction yielding less revenue was a reflection of disenchantment of telecom companies with the government although it was the Centre that set a target of Rs 40,000 crore overall from spectrum.However, opposition leaders argued that the government could not blame the CAG for changes in market conditions and still needed to answer for revenue losses pointed out by the auditor, the central investigation agency and former cabinet secretary K M Chandrasekhar.According to an agency report, former CAG and ex-BJP MP T N Chaturvedi said the auditor could not be blamed for difficulties in the telecom sector. There was a rush for licences in 2008 that was not the case now due to a variety of factors.Basu criticized Congress, saying, \"If the government argues like that, it will only be the devil's advocate. Because, you will always have to remind yourself of the fact that the then telecom minister A Raja gave out 122 licences for Rs 9,200 crore.\"Former CAG Chaturvedi supported Rai, saying, \"He examined the situation at that particular point of time. He is not a crystal gazer. He couldn't have anticipated, as some papers have said, that the banks are reluctant to give loans because the market has slowed down.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "bangalore/belgaum", "code": "17236358", "title": "Hubby leads campaign to change abortion laws", "text": "BANGALORE/BELGAUM: Praveen Halappanavar has decided not only to fight for justice, but also to lead a campaign to change the abortion laws in Ireland. The issue, which has been pending for years there, gained momentum following the death of his wife Savita.Praveen said several organizations and Indians working in Ireland, especially doctors, had asked him to lead the campaign. A hospital in Ireland refused to abort his wife Dr Savita's fetus, though she had miscarried, citing medical council guidelines which ban abortion. \"I'll do my best, for no religion favours death. I know my wife will not return. But the campaign's objective is to ensure no other woman undergoes the pain, trauma and meets the tragic end like my wife,\" Praveen told TOI.Dr CVR Prasad, orthopaedic surgeon, Galway Clinic, Galway, Ireland, told TOI over the phone: \"It's ironic that people from outside the country are putting pressure to change the laws and by-laws of Ireland. Savita's case is a focal point for people here. I think she was born to change Irish law. The demand for change in abortion laws has taken a momentum. The laws may not become as liberal as in India but I hope it pushes the law further.\"He added the government has been dithering on this issue for about 20 years.\"India has an Act, the Medical Termination of Pregnancy Act. But, there is no such legislation here. The administrators keep talking about it every few months, but nothing has been done. Religion shouldn't influence medical practice,\" he said.Prasad said meetings and demonstrations were happening across the country and there was public anger.MEA EXPRESSES CONCERN OVER DEATHThe outrage over the death of a pregnant Indian woman, Savita Halappanavar, in an Ireland hospital drew India into the controversy with the government stating that it was awaiting the outcome of the enquiries being carried out by Irish authorities.\"We deeply regret the tragic death of Halappanavar; the death of an Indian national in such circumstances is a matter of concern,\" said foreign ministry spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin.\"Our Embassy in Dublin is following the matter closely. Our sympathies have been conveyed to the next of kin who our Embassy has been in touch with. We understand that the Irish authorities have initiated two enquiries. We are awaiting the results of the enquiries,\" he added.MOTHER WANTS CHANGE IN LAWSSavita Halappanavar had planned to celebrate her baby's first birthday in Belgaum to coincide with her parents' wedding anniversary. Savitha shared this dream with her father Andaneppa Yalagi a week before she died. \"She had shared with me her wish to celebrate her child's first birthday and our 40th wedding anniversary in a grand way in Belgaum,\" Yalagi said. Though Savita's condition had deteriorated a week later, she had not to reveal anything to her family. His wife Akkamahadevi said, \"She never tolerated injustice and if anybody wants her soul to rest in peace, the injustice that happened with her should not be repeated. Everybody should force Ireland to amend their law.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17236615", "title": "Dust triggers allergy cases in Hubli", "text": "HUBLI: Due to dry weather conditions coupled with poorly maintained roads in Hubli-Dharwad cities, many people, especially those residing alongside crowded areas, are suffering from dust allergy.If the number of patients taking treatment for asthma, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and other respiratory problems from city hospitals is any indication, dust has become a major reason for significant damage.Many clinics in the city get a number of dust allergy cases every day. More than 20 per cent patients, who come to the Karnataka Institute of Medical Science (KIMS) Hospital, are suffering from asthma or COPD. Hundreds of people get treatment for allergic diseases from private hospitals every day. Doctors also attribute the rise in allergy cases to dust-ridden roads in many parts of the city.HDMC's inactionThe Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation's failure to improve the quality of road works and negligence in repairing the potholed roads on time are adding fuel to the fire. Around 60% roads filled with potholes, craters and gaping holes are triggering billows of dust. Roads are in such a pathetic condition that whenever vehicles pass, they trigger dust.People are seen covering their face while moving on the roads. No steps have been taken to sprinkle water on roads to reduce the problem to some extent, they complain. In Hubli, Vikas Nagar road, Shirur Park road, New Cotton market road, Heggeri road, interior roads of Gokul, Bharath mill, Kamaripet road, Karwar road, Unkal cross road are in a poor shape.Business establishments and buildings alongside the roads are coated with thick dust. \"Parking vehicles near these roads has become impossible. They easily get dusty,\" said Suresh Ganiger, a resident of Old Hubli. According to Dr Hanumanthaiah, skin specialist, dust causes skin itching, allergy, cold, neck pain, dry cough and other problems. \"Commuters should wear masks and use filter water to save themselves from dust-related problems,\" said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17234902", "title": "Casteist remark in private no offence: Court", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has observed that one cannot be prosecuted for hurling castiest abuses at a person from scheduled caste or tribe unless it is proved that the incident took place in \"full public view\".Additional sessions judge Rajnish Bhatnagar made the observation, referring to a provision of the Scheduled Castes and Tribes(Prevention of Atrocities) Act and discharging three members of a family of charges under the Act.\"From the bare reading of this section, it is apparent that the alleged abuses must have been given by the accused to the complainant in full 'public view'. In order to bring home the point that this ingredient is not fulfilled even if the allegations are found to be correct though the abuses have not been given in full public view,\" the court said.It, however, clarified the accused, which included man, his wife and their son, be tried by a magisterial court under the IPC for allegedly hurting the complainant and wrongfully restraining him.Initially, the accused were also charged for insulting and humiliating a member of scheduled caste member in violation of SC/ST (Prevention of Atrocities) Act.Court says one can't be prosecuted for castiest abuses unless the incident took place in \"full public view\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "dugri phase i", "code": "17235729", "title": "Residents turn 'garbage dump' into green garden", "text": "DUGRI PHASE I: There was a time when the Lotus Park in Dugri Phase-I had not just heaps of garbage rotting, but even corpses of stray animals were thrown in here. But, the picture has undergone a complete transition now with the coming up of a Lotus Park Welfare Society, constituted by the residents from the neighbourhood.Thanks to the municipal corporation for not heeding to the repeated requests of the residents, otherwise the park wouldn't have turned out to be as beautiful as it appears now. Taking the responsibility in their hands, about 21-22 families from the locality contribute funds and look after the Lotus Park.Society president Rajeev Kumar Dhall says the park was in shambles five years ago and even the contractor entrusted with the maintenance of the park did nothing to improve its condition.\"We then decided to take its maintenance in our hands and started with removal of garbage and chopping off elephant grass,\" he adds.It is still about 60% of residents who contribute Rs 5,000 annually for the park's maintenance, says society vice-president Kirpal Singh, a businessman.\"We started with installing entry and exit gates and planted Calkuttia grass in the park, apart from roses, shady trees and other seasonal flowers. Now, we have two gardeners to maintain the park, who are paid Rs4,000 each, though we have budget of only Rs4,200 per month for park's maintenance,\" adds Kirpal.Ashok Matharu, a cycle parts manufacturer residing in the area, says, \"We have changed the shape of the park, but a lot needs to be done still, like a small waiting shed is next on our list.\"Greenery and cleanliness are not all that the Lotus Park boasts of now, as it also has a music system and a large clock for the convenience of walkers. Anju Taneja, a homemaker from the locality, says spiritual music is played in the park for three hours every morning and soft music is played every evening. \"We want our park to be the best one in the city. Its popularity has bettered since we have taken the maintenance in our hands,\" says Anju.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17235973", "title": "President cancels visit to Shirdi", "text": "NASHIK: President Pranab Mukherjee's visit to Shirdi's Saibaba Sansthan, via Nashik airport, has been cancelled, the official communique from Rashtrapati Bhawan said.According to officials, the President was to visit Shirdi on November 16 to Sai Baba shrine at Shirdi and was to arrive at Ojhar airport, Nashik, around 11.15am from Mumbai by an Indian Air Force plane. He was to take a after which he was to step in helicopter to fly to Shirdi. He was to return to Mumbai in the evening. tnnSimilarly in the return journey from Shirdi, the President was to land at Ojhar airport from the helicopter and take the IAF plane to Mumbai in the evening.The communication by Group Captain, Military Secretary, Rashtrapati Bhawan , simply said that the visit was cancelled. The sources said that the preparations to welcome the President on his way, were done, but as per the communication the visit has been cancelled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "17234967", "title": "Fake bids to avail of benefits for pregnant women scheme foiled", "text": "Daltonganj: Some people tried to take advantage of the Mukhya Mantri Janani Shishu Suraksha Abhiyan (MMJSSA) by presenting a normal delivery case as an institutional one here, recently. This in order to draw a sum of Rs 1,650 that is given to the pregnant woman who delivers her child at any health institution such as a government hospital or nursing home listed by the government.Sources revealed the involvement of some racketeers in this. They recently produced three fake coupons in the name of a woman at a nursing home in Daltonganj. She had delivered a baby at her residence. But they did not want to miss out on the opportunity to avail of the incentive under the MMJSSA. The management, however, refused to oblige. Civil surgeon of Palamu Gopal Srivastava said there may be some vested interests behind such acts.Under the MMJSSA, a pregnant woman is entitled to a sum of Rs 1,650. She can redeem the sum by producing a coupon signed by her attending ANM (auxiliary nurse midwife). Out of the total sum, a Rs 900 coupon is assured for the safe institutional delivery of the child, a Rs 500 coupon for registration and Rs 250 coupon for the ambulance if the woman does not avail of the facility of Mamta Wahan.The NRHM Ranchi, Jharkhand director, Abu Baker, said reports of fraud attempts have reached them but steps have been taken to foil such attempts. \"NRHM Jharkhand has issued a letter in this regard wherein a couple of nursing homes in Daltonganj have been delisted for facilitating the institutional delivery on coupons of the government simply because these nursing homes have no anaesthetist, child specialist with master of surgery or diploma in gynaecology and obstetrics , post natal care facility, etc,\" added Srivastava.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17240120", "title": "Bal Thackeray is Mumbai\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Raja: Dolly Bindra", "text": "With Shiv Sena supremo Bal Thackeray's ailing health, a host of celebrities visited Matoshree to visit Bala Saheb and check on his health.Amongst those present were Salman, Salim and Arbaaz Khan , Madhur Bhandarkar , Mithun Chakraborty , Manoj Kumar , Kapoor family and the only female celebrity seen visiting Matoshree was Dolly Bindra.In an exclusive conversation with TOI, Dolly said, \"I visited Matoshree yesterday and met Uddhav Thackeray. He informed me about the positive response in Bal Thackeray's health. There are lot of people praying for their leader.\"On being asked about her association with the Thackeray family, she claimed that Bala Saheb has made an immense contribution towards Mumbai's peace and harmony. \"Bala Saheb is Mumbai's Raja and he is power in himself. I believe he has played pivotal role in the growth and prosperity of the maximum city Mumbai,\" concluded Dolly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "tehatta (nadia)", "code": "17235816", "title": "Victim's kin deny political links", "text": "TEHATTA (NADIA): The Mamata Banerjee government didn't want \"delegations\" to pay a visit to victim Asoke Sen Sharma's (33)'s bereaved family. Neither did Asoke's septuagenarian mother Bimala Sen Sharma, 73. So, as a Left Front delegation led by Anisur Rehman and a BJP team led by Samit Bhattacharya were stopped nearly 500 meters away from the nondescript Sen Sharma home, the elderly lady whorefused to budge from the entrance staircase day-long and kept sobbing inconsolably: \"Amar chele rajniti korto na. Amar kichu chai ne, khali bichar chai (My son was never into politics. I want nothing only justice).\"Asoke, 33, a small-time timber seller, was the only earner in this 5-member family. His wife Sandhya is hearing impaired. His elder son Amit, 19, is a secondary school dropout while the younger one, Arun, is barely 16 and studies in Class VIII of a local school.\"My daughter-in-law can't hear properly. In fact, it was only around 4:10pm yesterday when a TV reporter was speaking to her, did she first realise the implications. The others didn't tell her about it. It is almost the end of the road for us. Today as I speak to you, I am not certain what will I feed the family tonight. If someone really wants to do anything for us, they should try to provide the elder son with a job at least. This alone will help the family to survive, nothing else. I may not be alive, neither do I want to, but the death of one person should not lead to the death of three others,\" she said, surprisingly stoic in the face of tragedy.Reiterating that her son wasn't into politics, Bimala said, \"He was a member of a local club here, Aikayatan. They'd celebrated Kali Puja. He had gone to get some fruits from the market. Before leaving, Sandhya had asked him to return early for they intended to have the khichuri bhog together. He did promise her that and stepped out.\" Laxmi Debnath, their neighbour, added, \"Yesterday evening, we've got bricks to be laid in the bylane leading to our home. Asokeda had been trying this for many months now and this was finally happening,\" she said. A small-time timber seller, Asoke made a leaving by selling wood.Tempers run high here. So much so, that the family had even refused to let Asoke's body be sent for autopsy and magisterial inquest late at night, unless their demands were met. It was perhaps this sense of anger which the five Congress MLAs felt, when they spoke to Bimala and Sandhya.Manoj Chakraborty later said he demanded a judicial enquiry into the police firing. Pradesh Congress president Pradip Bhattacharya said they will stage a Kala Diwas on Friday in protest while Left Front chairman Biman Bose alleged that the police opened fire at the instructions of the higher ups.For Bimala and Sandhya, however, these are of little respite give them a little respite as they stare into an uncertain future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17236045", "title": "PM fails to placate sulking Kavuri", "text": "NEW DELHI: Eluru Congress MP Kavuri Sambasiva Rao, who has resigned from the Lok Sabha and party posts in protest against denial of a ministerial berth in the Union cabinet, continued to remain firm on his decision even after meeting Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in Delhi on Wednesday and said that he would shortly announce his future course of action.Rao had a brief meeting with the Prime Miminister, the first one with a top functionary of the party after his resignation from the Lok Sabha. Amid the speculation that Rao, a four-time MP, would leave the party to join YSR Congress, the Prime Minister is said to have discussed the issue with him. This was the first time that a senior Congress leader had a meeting with the Eluru MP ever since the latter publicly expressed his resentment over not being given a berth in the Manmohan Singh ministry.The party roped in the Prime Minister to convince him to withdraw his resignations from the Lok Sabha and the party posts as efforts to persuade him to change his mind by AICC representatives did not succeed. The PM is said to have conveyed to him the party's intention to utilize his services at the party level. However, Kavuri seems to be unconvinced by the assurances of Manmohan Singh.Talking to the media after the meeting, the Eluru MP said there was no change in his decision. He also said he was not thinking of taking back his resignations. \"I am not happy with the attitude of the party towards me,\" he told the media. He, however, refused to reveal what transpired in the meeting with the PM. When specifically asked if he would continue in the party, Rao said time would decide that.Sources close to Kavuri said he was unlikely to take back his resignation. Like the kin of many leaders of the region, some of his family members are in favour of his joining the YSR Congress.The new party, floated by YS Jaganmohan Reddy , is said to have offered party tickets to the members of Kavuri family. According to them, the Eluru MP saw no future for the Congress in the state and is likely to sail with Jagan in order to launch the political career of his family members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17235356", "title": "Aesthetics of love make a colourful entry at 'Divya Chitra'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: An author and an intellectual artist who has 25 books to her name opened her three-day long exhibition of paintings - \" Divya Chitra\" - at the Punjab Kala Bhawan Art Gallery, Sector 16, Chandigarh on Thursday evening.Professor Chitralekha Singh, the dean of Manglayatan University, Aligarh, has brought about 75 of her works to the exhibition, including the latest \"Sona Series\", which depicts the love between a man and a woman aesthetically.\"These paintings capture the innocence of love by depicting lovers embracing each other under moonlight, on a swing or under a tree. These paintings from a series of 30 works will feature at this exhibition,\" she said.Her other works are based on meditation, Shiva, world peace, an overview of landscapes of India and abroad, Indian women , sages and monks.Chitralekha works with almost all mediums like water colour, oil colour, mixed media and wash painting, but specializes in sketches. An avid traveler, she sketches during her trips around the world.\"I plan to exhibit my sketches too in near future for the art students and young artists of the country,\" she said.The multi-faceted professor has been honoured with several national and international awards. Swasi Samman, Guru Samman, Kala Vibhushan, Sanskar Bharti Award, Gandhi Medal Award for \"World Peace Painting\" and Award of Honour by Japan Information Centre, Embassy of Japan, are some of the prominent ones she has received.Chitralekha also happens to be the first woman in the world to have got a DLit in painting, a higher doctorate which is awarded as an honorary degree in recognition of outstanding scholarship or other merits. In an effort to promote Indian art and culture, she has set up an art village in Agra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17234917", "title": "'Tribals have not been given their rights'", "text": "RANCHI: \"Jharkhand was created for tribals to preserve their identity, but 12 years after the formation of a separate state, they continue to be deprived of their legitimate rights. Both the Centre and the state have failed to give them the rights guaranteed in the Constitution.\" This was the observation of the former commissioner of the SC/ST commission, B D Sharma, known as a champion of tribal rights.Sharma was recently in Ranchi in connection with the India International Tribal Festival organized by the Central University of Jharkhand. On the sidelines of the programme, Sharma visited the tribal-dominated village of Nagri and met some activists who have been protesting land acquisition for a knowledge centre. Talking to TOI, Sharma expressed dissatisfaction with the way tribals have been treated.Referring to the historical step taken by the government to exempt \"tana bhagats\" from land taxes, Sharma said tana bhagats of this region wonder how the government can come between god and their sons who have a birthright over their land.\"To protect the tribals, the government enacted the Panchayat Extension to Scheduled Area (PESA) Act in 1996, which makes consultation mandatory before acquisition of any plot of tribal land but even these provisions have been ignored,\" he said.Sharma also commented that in scheduled areas, the Constitution empowers the governor to restrict certain rules if they are not in the interest of tribals or he can also implement them with certain amendments, \"In Jharkhand , the Raj Bhavan has also remained silent whenever the government has tried to acquire tribal land,\" he said.He further said that India is a signatory to the UN declaration on the rights of the indigenous people and since the declaration makes it clear that indigenous people have the right over their land, they should be allowed to live in their natural surroundings.\"Once a government signs such a declaration it should ensure that the state government understands and honours the spirit of the declaration,\" he said, raising the issue of millions of tribal families which have been displaced in the Chhotangpur plateau region since Independence because of mining and industry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17235987", "title": "Another Old City temple expansion underway?", "text": "HYDERABAD: While the Bhagyalakshmi temple expansion issue is still embroiled in a controversy, another temple expansion near Charminar, right under the nose of the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) and the Charminar police, has come to light.The Mahadev Mandir which is listed as number 504 in the AP Gazette of September 1989 with the endowments department is within 100 metres from Charminar and right beside the police station. Its expansion is underway making a mockery of rules framed by the Ancient Monuments and Archaeological Sites and Remains Act.Tarpaulin sheets have been used to conceal construction activities. Excavation has been taken up to build a cellar and raise walls. A watchman has been posted at the site to keep journalists and prying public at bay.Sources from the ASI requesting anonymity said that they had called for a detailed report on the structural developments at the temple complex but maintained that it was the collective duty of all government departments to keep in check construction activity in the prohibited zone.According to them, former ASI foreman Rasheed Khan had issued a show cause notice to Ajay Kumar Agarwal of the temple committee on August 21, who, in his reply, feigned ignorance of the goings on in the temple. They added that letters to the GHMC and police department were also sent. The ASI intends to take legal action soon.Deputy commissioner of endowments department Ramana Murthy admitted that the temple was under the control of the department but maintained that he was unaware of its expansion. \"We will send our inspector tomorrow to the temple to verify the details. Permission for expansion is definitely necessary,\" he said.Traders in and around Charminar questioned as to how the authorities were unaware of the expansion and alleged that they were hand in glove with right wing elements who are keeping the expansion under wraps.A shop owner at Charminar said, \"The police station is a couple of metres away. The ASI officials are at Charminar which is near the temple and the GHMC office at Sardar Mahal is just across the street. How is it that the authorities haven't noticed the glaring development activity when we have seen trucks carrying hundreds of cement bags and quintals of sand going in and coming out of the temple complex?\" Another source said that around Rs 30 crore was being spent on the temple expansion.Meanwhile, Hyderabad MP Asaduddin Owaisi met commissioner of police Anurag Sharma on Wednesday and expressed concern at the eroding heritage character of Charminar precincts due to unchecked expansion of the temple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17234519", "title": "BJP leader speaks tough on power pact, for one-party rule", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) will convene a meeting of its core committee after Chhath festival to discuss and formulate the party's stand on ally Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM)'s claim that the ruling coalition partners had a power-sharing deal where each party would be at the helm for 28 months.Former deputy chief minister and senior party leader Raghuvar Das on Thursday said state party president Dr Dineshanand Goswami informed him about convening the meeting soon after the festival.Recently, former MLA and senior party leader Saryu Rai wrote to Dr Goswami asking him to discuss the political developments emanating from the claims being made by JMM leaders, particularly Shibu Soren.Talking to the press, Das asked the JMM to be specific about the individuals privy to the power-sharing pact, if any, before the formation of the dispensation in September 2010.Making an indirect reference to the JMM chief Shibu Soren, the BJP leader said: \"Those making such claims should come forward with the names of the BJP leaders who were aware of the agreement, if at all any such pact was agreed upon.\"Das, also an MLA from Jamshedpur East constituency, denied that any such deal was reached with the JMM for forming the short-lived Shibu Soren government in the state in early 2010.\"Shibu Soren was unanimously elected by all supporting allies as chief minister for a full five-year term,\" said Das, in an apparent bid to destroy the developing perception that the agreement between the two allies was first stitched when they formed the government after the 2009 assembly elections.Speaking his mind on the pace of development in the state over the last 12 years. the former finance minister said one-party rule would facilitate growth.\"One of the reasons behind the speedy growth of states like Chhattishgarh and Uttranchal - both formed with Jharkhand in 2000 - is because of one-party rule,\" said Das. He added there's no constitutional provision as such for a tribal chief minister in Jharkhand and it's high time the political class prepare to welcome a non-tribal leader in the chief minister's office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17235956", "title": "Back problems among professionals on the rise, warn experts", "text": "HYDERABAD: That seemingly comfortable office chair may just give you a chronic back problem requiring surgery if you are not taking proper precaution right now. Medical experts across Hyderabad's private and government hospitals are reporting a spurt in chronic back problems among professionals in their forties.With the city being a major IT hub where thousands of youngsters in their twenties and thirties working in 12-hour shifts, doctors warn that they should start worrying from now. From a negligible 5% of below 40 years suffering from back problems, the percentage has risen by around 50% in the past five years, which doctors attribute to rising obesity, lack of exercise and unhealthy food habits.According to a just concluded study by AC Nielsen in 11 Indian cities, around 36% of people were above normal weight, and an alarming 23% of the people classified as healthy were on the verge of being overweight. With obesity spreading rapidly, the risk of spinal damage too is swiftly rising, doctors said.Dr K Sanjay, spine surgeon at Yashoda Hospital, Secunderabad, said that five years ago he performed a total of seven to 10 corrective spine surgeries in a month, but now the figure has gone up to 40. Doctors at the state-run Nizam's Institute of Medical Sciences (Nims) say awareness about surgery has increased and affordability too has improved due to Aarogyasri scheme. \"There has been a 30 to 40% jump in the number of patients opting for surgery in the past three years,\" a surgeon said.Such is the situation that Yashoda Hospital recently held a workshop on spine surgery for city doctors, with 160 specialists discussing the use of minimally invasive techniques for spinal procedures. \"The success rate of this procedure is 99% and it has many benefits like minimum blood loss, lesser tissue damage, lower chances of infection, lesser use of drugs and quick recovery compared to the open surgery,\" said Dr K Sanjay.Five of the 10 patients treated by Dr Sudhir Kumar, a neurologist at Apollo Hospital, are below 40, and have severe back problems due to lack of exercise. \"Usually severe back problems are common in people above 50 years. But after I came to Hyderabad around nine years ago, I was shocked to see how many people in their 20's and 30's were suffering from severe back ache and disc collapse in which the pain radiates to the legs,\" he said. One such patient, Kiran Mitra, a 21-year-old MNC employee from the city, said working in the 5.30 pm to 2.30 am shift for two months worsened his back pain. \"Doctors have told me that my work pattern is a major cause,\" he said.Doctors say at least 5 minimally invasive surgeries are performed every month in the city with patients coming from Karnataka, Maharashtra, Orissa and Rajashthan and a few arriving all the way from Africa and West Asia too. \"Obesity is one the major reasons why younger people are suffering from back problems. Sitting in front of the computer for long hours, unhealthy diet, smoking and lack of exercise combined with riding the two-wheeler on bumpy roads for long distances also contribute in these cases,\" said Dr A Dinakar, orthopaedic surgeon at Sunshine Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17240694", "title": "Nedunchalai based on real life", "text": "Director Krishna of Sillunu Oru Kaadhal fame which had Surya and Jyothika in lead role is back with his next flick titled Nedunchalai. This time the director had chosen a real life experiences for his next flick.The film has Aari of Maalai Pozhudhin Mayakkathilae fame as the male lead role and Shivda Nair from Malayalam pairing opposite to him. Hindi baddie Prashanth Narayanan of Murder 2 fame has signed to do an important role in the film. Sathya of Engeyum Eppodhum fame will score music for Nedunchalai .Based on the real life of a person who lived until recently, the period flick set in the 1980s, will be a different experience for the audience, according to him and is of the opinion that the fight sequences of the film will be one of the highlights.Music director Sathya has composed five tracks for the film and the audio will be released in January 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17235654", "title": "Boys boo helpline, ask what if girls harass them", "text": "LUCKNOW: The first objection to Women Powerline 1090, UP Police's helpline for women to curb eve-teasing and telephonic harassment came for a quarter that was as obvious as unexpected-boys, who cried gender bias.\"Do you have any service for boys who face similar harassment at the hands of the girls,\" a boy shot the question at a woman operator at the call centre on the opening day on Thursday leaving her puzzled, a source told TOI. The trained reply from the call operator was that the service was meant strictly for women in the state.Another male caller, who was probably aware of the basic surveillance methodology, went a step ahead to tell the operator, \"Will the police send a girl to jail if it is proved that the said call was being made by herself,\" yet again leaving the women call operator perplexed, till a senior official of the centre pitched in and tried to convince the boy that though his concern was genuine the service was meant only for women.These were not the only two calls from the males. Over 12 male callers registered their protest against the project terming it \"gender-biased\" and taking care only of girls. In yet another instance, a male caller registered his protest with: \"You really think a boy would go on harassing a girl sending SMSs and making crank calls without receiving any hint of interest from her?\"These callers were not the only one to protest against the women-specific agenda of the service. From the political quarters, Bharatiya Janata Party took to task Samajwadi Party-led state government on the launch of the service. The BJP termed the project a \"laughing stock\". Speaking to mediapersons, BJP spokesperson Vijay Bahadur Pathak said with such services the state government was trying to divert the attention of the public from the increasing incidents of loot and rape. \"The fact is that the chief minister has not been able to rein in leaders and workers of his party while police have turned mute spectators to their misdeeds,\" Pathak alleged and cited incidents of rape of a minor by the aides of SP MLA from Balrampur district and subsequent dharna thereafter.Voices of protest apart, there was overwhelming response to the service on the first day till 7pm after it was dedicated to the sisters of the state on Thursday with around 800 calls landing on the paid number. Out of these, 200 calls were related to complaints by women about obscene calls and SMSs, another 150 to 200 were with regard to saas-bahu disputes, harassment by in-laws and so on while rest were either test calls or not related to the very objective.Last but not the least, a few calls were also made by those who wanted a new LPG connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17234662", "title": "Man in police custody drinks phenyl, survives", "text": "MARGAO: Aslam Gazi, who was arrested by the Margao police on Wednesday, attempted to commit suicide while in police custody, on Thursday morning.Police sources said that Gazi snatched a bottle of phenyl floor cleaner from a constable who had gone to the lock-up where Gazi was lodged and swallowed its contents.He was immediately rushed to the Hospicio Hospital, Margao, where he is undergoing treatment. Though his condition is stable, Margao police have booked an offence against him under Section 309 (attempt to commit suicide) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).Gazi was arrested as he was the accomplice of two gangsters-- Khwaja Aslam Shaikh and Irfan Khatal Shaikh-- who were arrested by the Colva police last month after they were found to be in possession of swords. Gazi who had managed to give the police the slip was finally nabbed at Khareband on Wednesday", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17232581", "title": "Being a jockey is an adventure in itself: Aparna Das Battula", "text": "At 23, Vizag girl, Aparna Das Battula, has some enviable achievements to her name. She is the first Indian woman to get a jockey license in the US and has also won her first race there this June. Now with the winter meet all set to commence in December, Aparna is already in Florida, training for the big event. Just before she left for the US, we caught up with the young achiever for a quick chat.Talking about her tryst with horse riding, Aparna says, \"Horse riding was not my childhood passion. I was 19 when I first saw a horse in full flight. It was love at first sight.\" Aparna, who did her primary schooling in Visakhapatnam and completed her B Sc Biotechnology in Bangalore, says that she being a jockey is an adventure in itself, considering the risk factor involved with riding horses. \"I have been a speed enthusiast from my early years. I was a national 'speed skater' and I was also into athletics and hockey in college. And I was keen on go-karting too, till I met horses. And since then, I have dedicated my time and energy in accomplishing my goal of becoming a jockey,\" she says.Recollecting her winning moment in her first professional race with her horse River North, Aparna says, \"At that time I only knew I was very close to riding my first professional race. It was exciting, but the thought of being the first Indian to do it never crossed my mind. I had put in a lot of hard work and so, when I first got my license I was naturally super thrilled.\"The pro that she is now, Aparna says that River North and Brook Lass are her two lucky horses. \"River North was the one I rode in my first race and he got me my first win. With Brooks Lass, I won four races. I love her so much that I hope when she retires, I could take her as my pet just because she is very kind and easy to be around with,\" says Aparna, whose existing career track has seen 38 starts, two first places, three second places and 3 third places.Talking about her hometown, she says, \"Vizag is one of my favourite places. My friends always catch me bragging about how awesome it is. VUDA Park was where I first learned to skate and I love the beaches. Trust me, riding by the beach is an awesome experience.\"Apart from horses, Aparna likes to watch tennis, F1 and cricket during her free time. Her favourite players are Michael Phelps, Roger Federer, Rafael Nadal, Michael Schumacher and Rahul Dravid. \"I am very easily inspired by people who are positive and always look forward to make the best of their lives,\" she says.And like every true-blue Telugu, Aparna loves watching Tollywood movies. \"I love actor Mahesh Babu and I watched almost all his movies with my family,\" she signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17236186", "title": "West Bengal transfers stake in East West Metro Rail project to Centre", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a move that is likely to expedite the construction of Kolkata's East West Metro Rail project, West Bengal has started the process of transferring its shares to the Centre. On Thursday, share transfer to the railways and Union urban development ministry was formalized, sources said.The decision was taken at a meeting here that was attended by top officials from West Bengal government. Now, railway ministry will own 74% stake in the project with the UD ministry holding the rest. This is in accordance with the Union Cabinet decision in August. The East West Metro is the only such project in the country that does not have any stake of the state government.The move to have complete central control over the project was initiated by Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee when she was rail minister and at that time, Left government was in power in Bengal. But there were reports of the state government hesitating to hand over its stake soon after TMC walked out of the UPA government. There were reports that the state government was worried whether stake handover at this stage would benefit the Congress.Minister of state for railways Adhir Ranjan Chowdhury told TOI that after he took charge, the ministry had pursued the case with the state government. \"We have pursued the state government to hand over the stake. Our aim is to keep promises that the UPA has made to the people of Bengal. The project will be expedited,\" he said.Government sources said the cash strapped Bengal government had no option but to hand over the stake. They said the state government had written to the UD ministry on November 9 informing that it had started the process of stake transfer.The other major decision at Thursday's meeting was dissolution of Kolkata Metro Rail Corporation's board. A new board will be constituted soon, sources said. In a stop-gap arrangement, KMRCL director H K Sharma has been appointed acting managing director.Till April 2012, the project had received Rs 942.95 crore, including Rs 402.25 crore loan from Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA). Bengal government has paid around Rs 242.5 crore, which includes its equity and subordinate debt. Once the state hands over the entire stake, the Centre will reimburse the amount to the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17234270", "title": "Cracker sale dips as awareness goes up", "text": "NAGPUR: Greater awareness about eco-friendly Diwali and runaway prices of crackers have left the cracker vendors reporting a lukewarm sales this Diwali. Since the past few years, dealers in firecrackers clock in a total turnover of over Rs 10 crore, or about 1% of the annual budget of Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC). This year, however, business is down by about 20%, say traders.They blame it mainly on the awareness drives by schools other agencies, against sound and air pollution created due to bursting of crackers. Even the state's environment minister Sanjay Deotale had circulated voice messages on similar lines. Repeated publicity against crackers has succeeded in creating children's disinterest in crackers that was reflected in the sales.Curbs on decibel capacity of crackers have led to the sales of bombs in particular come down to abysmal levels, said the traders. Although inflation also played its role apart from strict enforcement by the Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB). Traders also do not deny the presence of banned Chinese crackers in the market, even as they deny selling those themselves. There are 10 major wholesalers in the city with around 900 retailers who operate on a temporary licence issued every season by the district administration.The wholesalers have increased their rates to almost retail levels leading retailers, who set up small shops in different localities, to keep their stocks low, added a small trader. \"We were expecting better sales this year as the festival was falling in the middle of the month. Last time, it was at month's end but the sales were good, so much more was expected this time but it turned out to be a dull Diwali,\" said Gopaldas Balani of M/s Ishwardas and Co, one of the oldest firms dealing in firecrackers.Balani calls it the worst Diwali in his career of 40 years. \"If Diwali comes in middle of a month, people have ample money in their hands with bonus amounts received a week or two ago. We were expecting that the rush would be unmanageable and the shop may have to be kept open till 10 in the night. But we wound up by 8pm,\" he said.The decibel levels of bombs have been kept down to 125. Low sound levels have also reduced the interest in bombs which used to be a big fad earlier. There was a time when crackers like the Laxmi Bomb or Sutli Bomb were popular items but lately the sales have gone down to negligible levels,\" he said.Viru Balani of M/s Virat Crackers next door said, \"even children coming to the shop this year were not so keen. Normally, the budget of a good customer ranges up to Rs 5,000. There were some regular patrons who restricted their purchases this year to less than half the amount spent last Diwali.\" He said that similar situation was reported in many other parts of the country mainly due to campaign against crackers. However, it must be considered that the industry, from manufacturers in Sivakasi to local traders in different cities, employed a large number of workers, he added.Many retailers are also buying directly from a couple of major dealers in Khamgaon and Akola and that has also brought down the local wholesalers' sales, said Ashok Chandak of Chandak Fataka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17236060", "title": "Suu Kyi on same page with junta over Rohingyas\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "NEW DELHI: Myanmar opposition leader and Nobel laureate Aung San Suu Kyi on Thursday outlined her understanding of the ethnic strife in the country in the presence of foreign minister Salman Khurshid but refrained from specifically mentioning the violence against the minority Rohingyas.Sources said that she herself brought up the situation in Rakhine state \u00e2\u20ac\u201d rocked by violence between Muslims and Buddhists \u00e2\u20ac\u201d but didn't say anything to even remotely indicate a deviation from her stated position.The two leaders discussed the ongoing political transformation and reconciliation in Myanmar, with Khurshid seeking to know from the Myanmar's pro-democracy leader how the situation was evolving.\"She mentioned the Rakhine situation on her own in an interaction after the meeting between them was over but it was more in the nature of her already stated position,\" said a source.India and Suu Kyi have both found themselves sailing in the same boat over the Rohingya issue \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Suu Kyi probably out of political expediency as she prepares for the 2015 polls and New Delhi because of cooperation offered by President Thein Sein in tacking north-east insurgency \u00e2\u20ac\u201d evident in his meeting with Singh in May \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and other geopolitical issues.Like Suu Kyi, India has not come out in the open with condemnation of violence against the Rohingyas even though it recently donated $ 200,000 for both Muslim and Buddhist victims in Rakhine state. And, for once, Suu Kyi too has not shied away from appearing arm-in-arm with the Myanmar junta. In a TV interview, she described the violence in Rakhine state as an international tragedy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17234749", "title": "Dabolim: Vijai Sardesai slams BJP, Congress", "text": "MARGAO: Fatorda MLA Vijai Sardesai has demanded that the state government appoint a committee of experts from the civil aviation field and technically-qualified Goans to comprehensively evaluate the aspect of having two airports in the state.He also challenged chief minister Manohar Parrikar or any Congress leader to a public debate to discuss the issue, and demanded that the chief minister table a report on the future of Dabolim in the coming assembly session.Sardesai appealed to all Goans to come together under one banner to fight for the cause of Dabolim, and that he would support and agitate with them. When asked if he was commenting on the issue in the wake of former Navelim MLA Churchill Alemao raking up the matter recently, Sardesai said that the recent PIL petition in the Bombay High Court regarding the denotificaiton of land acquired by the govenrment for the creating of a parking lot of the airport triggered his response.Sardesai accused the BJP government of acting in collusion with the Congress to ensure that Dabolim is closed down, by ensuring its expansion was thwarted. \"Both the National parties are acting at the behest of their party bosses from Maharashtra so that the Mopa airport will become more viable and serve the Maharashtra lobbies at the cost of the interest of the Goan people,\" added Sardesai. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "17236279", "title": "Rickshaw puller killed for Rs 50 in Ajmer", "text": "Ajmer: A 30-year-old rickshaw puller was killed by a local goon on Wednesday night just because he refused to give Rs 50 to the latter to purchase liquor. The body of the victim, Raju, was later found on the roadside near Shri Talkies here early on Thursday morning. The accused was arrested in the afternoon.According to Kotwali police, Raju came to Ajmer nearly six months ago from a village in Dausa district. \"Last evening, he earned good money by dropping passengers and tourists from railway station to dargah and returned to Shri Talkies where he was staying on footpath,\" said a police officer.According to witnesses, Raju was sitting on his rickshaw and was counting his earnings of the day. \"At that time, one history-sheeter, Ajay Harijan of the locality, came to know about the earnings of Raju. He came to Raju and demanded Rs 50 from him,\" said a witness.Raju refused to give money to Ajay and said that he had to send the money to his family. \"Ajay then asked him to bring a bottle of liquor for him as a 'rangdari' but Raju refused again,\" said sources. Meanwhile, people gathered on the spot and when Ajay realized that his image was on stake he again asked Raju to give Rs 50.The denial of Raju made Ajay angry and he took out a knife and stabbed him in the stomach. \"The accused was seething with anger and was abusing Raju for not giving him fifty rupees. Those gathered on the spot fled the moment he was stabbed,\" said a witness.According to the police, someone informed them about the fight near Shri Talkies and when they reached the spot they could not find anyone there. However a few hours later, police found the body of Raju in a gali. \"We sent the body for postmortem and on the basis of some witnesses statement, we registered a case against Ajay Harijan,\" said an officer. They added that Ajay was arrested in the afternoon from his house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17235745", "title": "Madrassa English teachers grapple with language", "text": "KOLKATA: Most of the English teachers in madrassas barely speak English in class. They usually teach English in Bengali or Urdu. Not only are they more comfortable teaching in vernacular, students are not conversant with English either. Even in instances when a teacher is more proficient in English than average teachers in madrassas, he or she hardly interacts with students.These are some of the issues emerged at a workshop on English language training (ELT) for teachers of the language in madrassas in the state. But they aren't peculiar to theological institutions. Other than a handful of top-rung schools, the situation is pretty much the same at all Bengali, Hindi, Urdu and Nepali medium schools under the state board.At the workshop organized by the American Centre and South Asian Foundation for Human Initiative and funded by Regional English Language Office in Delhi, English teachers from 30 madrassas grappled with basics, fumbling over gender, tense and verb. \"When high school English teachers stumble over the difference between 'is' and 'are', 'his' and 'her', 'was' and 'will', then it is time to seriously evaluate how the language is taught in schools. Some teachers are very good. But others are at level zero. It is no better at the college level. Given that they have been entrusted with teaching English, it is difficult to fathom what they are teaching future generations,\" wondered ELT teacher Joe Dwaileebe from New York .While every place has its own set of challenges, in India, it is to get teachers to stop lecturing and encourage student participation.\"Teachers need to stop lecturing in class and encourage students to participate. To improve English teaching skills, the emphasis must be on ELT and not English literature,\" he said.Incidentally, most English teachers in madrassas are not English graduates. \"The authorities recruit madrassa assistant teachers and not English teacher. How can you expect someone who has graduated or post-graduated in Geography or History and studied and written the exams in Bengali to teach English? Unfortunately, that is how the existing system functions,\" pointed out Milli Al-Ameen College for Girls acting principal and English department head Shabina Nishat Omar, who assisted Dwaileebe in the workshop.The absence of gender and extended tense in Bengali is what makes the English language convoluted and difficult for first generation English learners like Md Shakil Anwar of Fattah-ul-Uloom madrassa near Islampur in north Bengal. He graduated in geography and teaches English despite his drawback because he has been assigned the class. \"I try to teach as much or little as I know. But it is often futile as many children don't even know the alphabets,\" he said.Sk Sahib Ali, an English teacher at Uluberia Haji Sahab Dus Senior Madrassa, graduated and mastered in English but admitted he still has problems translating thoughts in Bengali into English sentences after a decade in the profession. \"In an English class, we end up teaching more in Bengali. No one expects us to speak only English even if it is an English class,\" he recounted.Saba Ahmad of MM Model, a madrasa near Rippon Street in central Kolkata, is reasonably good in English. But with most children first generation students, she says it is practically impossible to take a class in a language other than Urdu. \"Young boys want to look and dress smart and ride superbikes. But they are yet to develop a yearning to speak the language,\" she said.It is no different in Santiniketan where most children attending Bholagoria Ahmadia High Madrassa. Its English teacher Md Bisbabul Haque speaks English fluently but has a class of students who aren't interested in either English or any other subject. \"They come from impoverished families and attend school only because the midday meal is served. But then most teachers are like clerks and just attend school to get a salary. They aren't interested in teaching,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17235958", "title": "People team up to eradicate tuberculosis from Indore by 2020", "text": "INDORE: If the Collaboration for Elimination of TB in Indore (CETI) has its way, there will be not even a single case of TB death in Indore by 2020. The idea is to develop an initiative for malaria and diarrhoeal disease. Once eliminated, it can lead to a healthy workforce in the region.CETI is a community effort made up of private and public individuals and organizations that have teamed up to eliminate TB. Rather than working to build a new NGO or provide direct care for TB patients, CETI will resource, empower and align existing agencies working to reduce the burden of TB.ToI had reported on January 18, 2012, that the city topped 670 districts in the country to reach the target in reducing TB. District TB officer Dr Vijay Chhajlani and his team of field workers had helped cure nearly 4,434 patients in Indore district in 2011.Talking to ToI, expert of infectious disease Dr Manoj Jain who hails from Indore and has settled in Memphis of the US and is associated with CETI, said, \"Economics and health scientists know this basic fact well. A 10 per cent increase in life expectancy due to good health leads to 0.4 per cent economic growth. Preventable diseases such as TB and malaria also place the greatest burden on the economy by sickening the working age group.\"Referring to a 2007 World Bank report, Dr Jain said that aggressive TB control yields big economic gains for nations, states and regions. The study also shows economies of countries need to be particularity concerned about multidrug resistant (MDR) TB. If rates of MDR TB keep on rising, it will take a high toll among workers. Also, global investors will resist traveling to India even for short business meetings due to fear of contagious diseases, said he.kumud.das@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17234995", "title": "Power relief for Delhiites: No fuel charge this quarter", "text": "NEW DELHI: After a series of hikes in power tariff, Delhiites have finally got a breather. Delhi Electricity Regulatory Commission (DERC) has decided against any fuel adjustment charge (FAC) in power bills for the quarter starting November as discoms have not seen any significant change in fuel prices from August-October 2012. FAC is charged separately, depending on how much discoms spend on fuel costs.While announcing the tariff order in July, DERC had said that in place of fuel surcharge that used to be levied on consumers, discoms would be compensated quarterly for any additional payments made due to increased fuel charges. This means that if the discoms spend more on power on account of fuel price changes, the additional charge will be recovered from the consumers at the end of a quarter.\"We had accounted for the fuel surcharge for the first two quarters in the tariff announcement that was made in July. For the quarter ending October, based on the petitions that have been submitted by the discoms, we were able to assess that the fuel price adjustment for August-October is minimal and there is no need for allowing a hike immediately,\" said a DERC official. Whatever little hike is needed can be claimed at the time of filing the annual petitions and DERC will allow it, officials said.DERC officials said the consumers would stand to gain but the companies too would not be affected. \"There was confusion initially, when the companies claimed a higher adjustment in the petitions because they erroneously included arrears that they had to pay power generation companies and added it to FAC. As that is not allowed, they were told to make changes,\" said an official.Power distribution companies BSES Yamuna and Rajdhani are examining the order. An official of Tata Power Delhi Distribution Limited said the company had sought a hike of less than 2% in FAC but would abide by DERC's decision. The company will submit the claims for reimbursement at the time of filing the annual revenue requirement petitions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17235972", "title": "GHMC council meeting may witness high-voltage drama", "text": "HYDERABAD: With Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen (MIM) formally severing ties with the Congress, a high-voltage drama is likely to occur at the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) general council (ordinary meeting) meet scheduled to be held on December 1. It will also test the two former allies on a variety of civic issues and their future plans as the council meeting is being held ahead of the Assembly session.The council meeting would be conducted after a gap of six months and important issues like revision of property tax, sanitation, vector-borne diseases and GHMC budget might figure at it. Mayor Mohd Majid Hussain, who belongs to MIM Party, might face a tough time to run the council meeting without the support of the Congress. On the other hand, Congress is planning to raise important civic issues and might even join hands with opposition parties to corner the mayor and officials.\"The Congress corporators' meeting will be held three days before the council meeting to decide the floor strategy to be adopted. We will raise public issues like tax hike during the council meeting and at the same time maintain cordial relations with MIM,\" GHMC Congress floor leader Kaleru Venkatesh told TOI.Till date, the Congress and MIM having been sharing power and posts, including mayor post and standing committee members. MIM candidate Mohd Majid Hussain is holding the mayor post as part of the agreement with Congress for a term of two years, while the deputy mayor post was given to Congress corporator Raj Kumar . The two-year term of Hussain would end in January, 2014.In the 150-division GHMC council, the Congress has 57 corporators, including four independents and a PRP corporator, the TDP 45, MIM 43 and BJP has five corporators. The Congress strength has come down to 53 as four Congress corporators officially joined YSR Congress a couple of months ago.Whenever the need arises, be it clearing works or sharing posts, the two parties have been supporting each other, especially during the council meeting when opposition parties like TDP and BJP corner them. On some occasions like nomination of area sabha members and co-opted members, both Congress and MIM shared posts and sometimes they ensured the council meeting was postponed due to lack of quorum by not attending the meeting. Now, such cooperation might become a thing of past in the ensuing council meeting.Interestingly, officials are also worried over the December 1 council meeting as it would mainly focus on revision of property tax, which has been on the cards for the past few months. The draft has been prepared and a notification has to be issued. \"TDP and BJP are already raising a hue and cry over the proposed property tax hike and increase in dengue cases. In the current situation, conducting the council meeting without the support of other parties is difficult,\" an analyst said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17237195", "title": "Indian embassy waits for reports", "text": "Outrage over the death of Savita Halappanavar in an Ireland hospital drew India into the controversy, with the government stating that it was awaiting the outcome of the inquiries being carried out by Irish authorities.Savita died after suffering a miscarriage, allegedly because doctors refused to facilitate an abortion for the woman who was in the fourth month of her pregnancy. Abortion is illegal in the Catholic nation. Agency reports say Savita died due to blood poisoning.\"We deeply regret the tragic death of Ms Halappanavar; the death of an Indian national in such circumstances is a matter of concern,'' said foreign ministry spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin. \"Our embassy in Dublin is following the matter closely. Our sympathies have been conveyed to the next of kin who our embassy has been in touch with. We understand that the Irish authorities have initiated two inquiries. We are awaiting the results of the inquiries,'' he added. Savita's husband Praveen Halappanavar , an engineer at Boston Scientific in Galway, told Irish media that his wife asked several times that the pregnancy be terminated , but it was refused because the foetal heartbeat was still present and they were told, \"this is a Catholic country\" .The dead foetus was later removed and Savita was taken to the high dependency unit and then the intensive care unit, where she died of septicaemia on October 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17238101", "title": "Bal Thackeray remains critical but stable, keeps Mumbai's heart pounding", "text": "MUMBAI: Sporadic updates on Bal Thackeray's deteriorating health kept Mumbai on tenterhooks all through Wednesday night and Thursday even as hundreds of Shiv Sena supporters began arriving from various parts of the state to keep a vigil outside his residence in Bandra. CM Prithviraj Chavan reviewed security arrangements and the Centre deployed paramilitary forces for a contingency plan.Around 11pm on Thursday, Uddhav Thackeray, Sena CEO and Bal Thackeray's son, came out of Matoshree, the Thackeray residence accompanied by son Aditya and told supporters his father is recovering and \"we will leave no stone unturned to bring him back. There is power in prayers and he needs your prayers\". He again asked them to remain calm.Earlier, sporadic incidents of stone-throwing and vandalism were reported from some areas, but the police were quick to round up suspects and douse the tension. However, most autos and taxis stayed off the roads, leaving commuters stranded, especially in the Sena's pocketboroughs in Bandra, Vile Parle, Dadar, Matunga and Bhandup. Taxis refused to ply at the airports, inconveniencing fliers. Passengers also found it difficult to book fleet cabs. Four incidents of stone-pelting at buses \u00e2\u20ac\u201d two at Lalbaug, one at Andheri and the other at Sion \u00e2\u20ac\u201d were reported. No one was injured. BEST operated 30% fewer buses than usual.Shops and restaurants in the traditional Sena strongholds of Dadar, Parel and parts of Matunga and Mahim remained shut, partly on account of a holiday for Bhau Bheej, but as much due to apprehensions that Sena cadres may turn violent in reaction to news of their 86-year-old leader's precarious condition. A pub in Andheri (W) was vandalized and its employees attacked allegedly by Sena activists on Wednesday night for not shutting down.On Thursday morning, Sena spokesman Sanjay Raut sought to dispel some of the anxiety. He said Thackeray had been taken off life support systems. His condition was described as critical yet stable.For several weeks, Thackeray's health has been a subject of speculation. On Wednesday evening, when word spread about a sudden drop in his pulse rate, thousands of Sainiks gathered outside the Thackeray residence, Matoshree, at Kalanagar in Bandra (East).As the crowd surged forward in anticipation of news on the Sena chief's condition, Bal Thackeray's son and Sena CEO Uddhav emerged from the house around 2am to tell the waiting crowd that he was \"optimistic\" that his father would recover. \"Balasaheb has strong will power,\" he said. \"Let's pray...don't trust rumours.\"Luminaries from the world of film, business and politics have made a beeline for the Thackeray residence over the past 24 hours as news of Thackeray's ill-health dominated television coverage. Among the first to arrive at Matoshree was MNS leader Raj Thackeray, who spent the night by the side of his ailing uncle. The estranged nephew, who broke away from the Sena some years ago, has recently emerged as the sheet anchor for the senior Thackeray as well as his cousin Uddhav, who himself is recovering from a heart condition.Sena leaders, including Ramdas Kadam, Vinayak Raut, Sanjay Raut, Anil Desai and Anil Parab, also reached with their supporters. As the crowds swelled \u00e2\u20ac\u201d sources said to over 5,000 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d police barricaded the road leading to Matoshree and 500 police personnel were deployed. The numbers were bumped up to 1,800 on Thursday.Actor Amitabh Bachchan and son Abhishek arrived just before midnight on Wednesday. They were forced to climb over barricades and hurt themselves in the process. Later, the senior Bachchan tweeted: \"Yes, both Abhishek and me were injured with cuts, but are fine and back home... the doctors at Matoshree attended on us!\" The actor also posted a series of emotional tweets, recollecting his family's bond with the Sena chief.Around 1.30am on Thursday, Raj and Uddhav came out to address the crowd, but turned back when they realized it was too large to handle. Half an hour later, Uddhav, accompanied by son Aditya, briefly spoke to the party workers and told them to remain calm as the crowd roared, \"Ganpati Bappa Morya.\"A little earlier, a mob had attacked vehicles and damaged equipment of a news channel, accusing it of exaggerating news about Thackeray's condition. \"They abused mediapersons, forcing them to flee. They damaged an OB van and a few cameras. The mob even tried to misbehave with a female reporter, but some Sainiks came to her rescue,'' said an eyewitness.No shooting of films or television serials took place in the city while Lata Mangeshkar postponed a function of her music company.Fleet taxi services were erratic as Meru Cab was hit because some CNG pumps were shut and TabCabs operated only 400 of the 1,600 taxis it owns.Meanwhile, Union home secretary R K Singh called up state chief secretary Jayant Kumar Banthia and assured him all assistance. Senior state government officials said law enforcement agencies are monitoring the influx of people into the city from various entry points. Intelligence inputs estimate a large number of Sainiks entering from all across the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17234786", "title": "Plan to monitor emission from cellphone towers", "text": "MUMBAI: The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) is planning to include the radiation levels of cellphone towers in its annual environmental status report (ESR) after concerns surfaced over the impact of emissions on the health and environment.The ESR, which the BMC publishes annually, records the air, water and noise pollution levels in Mumbai.Additional municipal commissioner Aseem Gupta said since the radiation has an effect on the overall environment of the city, the BMC is planning to include it in the ESR. \"We will ask experts about how the radiation can be monitored and an annual update can be included in the ESR,\" said Gupta.According to civic officials, the air quality is checked by setting up quality monitoring stations at least thrice a week and the extent of water contamination is verified by random sample testing from different civic wards every month. Later, an annual average is compiled.The civic body wants the experts to also tell them how the radiation level can be monitored and home in on localities that face maximum trouble due to proliferation of towers. \"We realize that radiation can affect humans and even birds. Hence, it is advisable to monitor the level,\" said a civic official.\"If it is found that the radiation level is higher than the permissible limit, then the civic body can register cases with the Department of Telecommunications (DoT),\" he added. Meanwhile, the civic body is in the process of finalizing a new policy based on the DoT's guidelines. According to the new norms, the civic body will not allow more than two cellphone towers to be installed on rooftops.Mumbai's cellphone usage is high and various service providers are vying to grab a major share in the market and want to instal towers on buildings to provide better connectivity. \"Most residential societies allow companies to instal cellphone towers since they get a lot of money,\" a senior BMC official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17236220", "title": "'Vijay was crucial link in Dara trial'", "text": "JAIPUR: Vijay Kumar Choudhary, the 50-year-old accused in the Dara Singh fake encounter case, who was murdered on Wednesday night, was a crucial link in the notorious crime that has big shots like opposition's chief whip and an additional director general of police among the accused.Legal experts believe Choudhary's interrogation was important to establish the 'chain of crime' leading to the staged killing of Singh in October 2006. As per the CBI chargesheet, it was Choudhary who led Singh into the \"trap\" of the state police's special operations group (SOG) that gunned him down on Jaipur's outskirts.\"If the questioning of Choudhary had established the CBI finding that Singh was indeed in SOG custody few days before his killing, it would have nailed down at least the police officers directly involved in the so-called encounter,\" said advocate Deepak Chauhan, who practices criminal law here.Chauhan added, \"If Choudhary had turned an 'approver' in the case's trial in exchange for a pardon under Section 306 of CrPC, it would have surely helped the prosecution in securing conviction for the accused.\" Soon after Choudhary's body was discovered Thursday morning, his brother Ashok lodged a police complaint saying that the accused was to surrender in court on Friday. \"The brother's complaint would make the investigators suspect that someone who did not wish Choudhary to surrender might be behind the murder,\" said Ved Vishnoi, another lawyer practicing criminal law.Legal experts also believe that it would be \"natural\" for the investigating agencies to now link the motive behind Choudhary's murder and the \"interest\" of the accused in the fake encounter case. Since BJP legislator and former minister Rajendra Rathore is the only accused who is not in jail in connection with the fake encounter, the investigators would be tempted to suspect the possibility of his link with the latest murder too. At the same time, the investigators cannot ignore to consider that Choudhary's murder could be the handiwork of someone 'keen on' nailing down Rathore or any other accused in the fake encounter.Similarly, experts said that every other accused jailed in Singh's encounter would be as natural a suspect as Rathore for the murder of Choudhary. \"Yet another possibility is that someone from Singh's family too could be behind Choudhary's murder. Since Choudhary was accused of leading Singh into SOG's trap, there are chances that someone from Singh's family might have been too disturbed to plot Choudhary's murder. These aspects could come up for court scrutiny during the murder trial,\" said advocate Chauhan.However, CBI's special public prosecutor Sarfaraz Haider Khan said that there will be no impact of the development on the prosecution. \"There are enough evidence to prove the role of accused men,\" said Khan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17234813", "title": "Change in approach helped Virender Sehwag end run drought", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Can we now officially label Motera as Virender Sehwag's happy hunting ground? The last time he came out to bat here, he scored 173 in a day against New Zealand, in November 2010-11.After that hundred, two years and 30 innings went by without Viru getting another three-figure knock. But on Thursday, Sehwag made his innings against England at the Motera a special one.\"A hundred in the first innings of the first Test, opening the innings, is always special. It came at the right time,\" Sehwag said.But it was a different Sehwag out there. Of course, there were those trademark Sehwag blows, but he was not flashy just for the sake of it. He was patient, watchful and also showed some respect to the bowlers whenever they deserved it.He scored as rapidly as he usually does \u00e2\u20ac\u201d getting to 50 off 45 balls and 100 off 90 balls \u00e2\u20ac\u201d but he also missed Kapil Dev's record of reaching the three-figure mark in 86 deliveries at Kanpur in 1981-82 and Mohd Azharuddin's 87-ball ton at Lord's in 1990.He showed some desperation only when he was on 98, as umpire Tony Hill signalled leg-bye to a run that Sehwag thought came off the bat. He went from 98 to 99 with a tap to cover and made a desperate dash to complete the single.But immediately, he returned to his monkish frame of mind. Sehwag made Swann wait on his mark, took a deep breath, swept the popping crease with his feet, walked gently to square-leg dragging his bat and took guard.He then lofted Swann over mid-on for a boundary to reach the three-figure mark.\"I have to thank DJ (Team India's video analyst Dhananjay). He showed me the videos of the last 10 matches and whenever I have played 10 overs quietly, I have managed to score a big hundred.We were watching videos last night till 11 pm. I realised I have to play the new ball cautiously,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "attari", "code": "17236578", "title": "Repatriated Pak national cautions others", "text": "ATTARI: \"Take my advice, don't make the mistake of going near the border, better stay away and work hard,\" this was what a Pakistani national Mohammad Ameen had to say minutes before he crossed over to Pakistan via Attari land border on Thursday.Ameen is one among the seven Pakistani nationals, including a couple, repatriated by India after completion of their jail terms in different cases. Talking to TOI, Ameen claimed that he had inadvertently crossed the international border from Ramdas sector under the influence of 'bhang' and was nabbed by Border Security Force. Apparently, trying to hide how he crossed over to India, Ameen, in his late 20s said he didn't want anyone to go closer to border and make the same mistake that cost him two precious years.Strangely, all prisoners claimed that they had entered India by mistake. Like Ameen, Akram Asif, who had spent 10 years in Indian jail, claimed that he was innocent and didn't know when he entered India from Rajouri border. However, sources told TOI that he had a militant background and was pushed into India to carry out espionage and terrorist activities. Akram said he was happy to be released, but at the same time he rued that his release was delayed by about a couple of years in the want of completion of various formalities.The couple, Mohammad Meenu and Neenu Begum, was arrested for smuggling narcotics. But they preferred to say nothing.Another Pak national, who was freed by India, Waheed Alam, said he had entered India via Siliguri and was lodged in Imphal jail. \"Let both governments handle their disputes, but prisoners like me shouldn't be left to suffer for no reason,\" he said, resenting that he had to wait for few months for completion of travel formalities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17236480", "title": "Dakshina Kannada zilla panchayat elects standing committees members", "text": "MANGALORE: Dakshina Kannada zilla panchayat on Thursday elected members and chairpersons for the five standing committees for the second term of 20 months here on Thursday. Standing committee general: vice-president - Rithesh Shetty (ex-officio president); members - Naveen Kumar Menala, Girija, Balakrishna Suvarna, Devaki Sanjeeva Gowda, MS Mohammed and Yashavanthi Alva.Standing committee on finance, audit and planning: Zilla panchayat president K Koragappa Naik (ex-officio president); members - D Dhanalakshmi Janardhan, Santhosh Kumar Rai, K Meenakshi Manjunath, Thulasi G Poojary Harabe, KS Devaraj and Melwyn D'Souza.Standing committee on social justice: president - M Pakeera; members - CK Chandrakala, HS Savithri, Asha R Suvarna, Keshava Gowda Bajathoor, Mamatha DS Gatti and Ambika D Shetty. Standing committee on education and health: president - Asha Thimmappa Gowda; members - Sathish Kumpala, Janardhana Gowda, KT Shailaja Bhat, Nalini Shetty, Kumari and K Shailesh Kumar Kurthodi.Standing committee on agriculture and industry: president - R Chennappa Kotian, K Jayashri, Sunitha Sucharitha Shetty, Ishwar Kateel, Prakash, Saraswathi Kamath and NS Kareem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17242545", "title": "Ranji Trophy: Tamil Nadu look for outright win against Maharashtra", "text": "CHENNAI: Last year's finalists Tamil Nadu will have a tough task at hand when they lock horns with Maharashtra in search of an outright win in their Ranji Trophy Group-B league match starting from Saturday.Tamil Nadu started off their Ranji campaign on a patchy note as they have collected just two points from two matches though rain had denied them against Odisha. They would be looking for an outright win against Maharashtra.The home side's batting line-up has been strengthened with the return of opener Murali Vijay who has been released from the Indian squad for the ongoing first Test against England.Promising youngster Baba Aprajith has been in great form and he, along with Murali Vijay, Arun Karthik, Abhinav Mukund , S Badrinath and few others, could turn the strategies of Maharashtra bowlers upside down.The home side has the balance as their bowling department is still strong despite the absence of Ravichandran Ashwin, who is on national duty in Ahmedabad. Their bowling attack will be led by Lakshmipathy Balaji , to be assisted by Vijaykumar Yo Mahesh , Jagannathan Kaushik and left-arm spinner Raju Aushik Srinivas.Maharashtra have collected just a point on the basis of first innings lead against Uttar Pradesh but the manner in which their top-order batted against the solid bowling attack of their rivals cannot be under estimated.Kedar Jadhav, promoted to open the innings, amassed 327 runs and their captain Rohit Motwani capped with a superb 147. Besides the solid start by the openers, Sangram Atikar (80), Ankit Bawne (78) and Harshad Khadiwale (68) had batted well.Left-arm spinner Akshya Darekar has been Maharashtra's main strike bowler and with the Chepauk strip known for its assistance to spinners, Darekar will hold the key for Maharashtra's success.The two team's would be hoping that weather Gods do not disrupt the match as rain has been predicted during the four-day game.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17236185", "title": "Govt to cancel registration of trade unions in BrahMos Aerospace Thiruvananthapuram Ltd", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The state government has decided to cancel the registration of all trade unions functioning in the BrahMos, Thiruvananthapuram. \"The boycott of Wednesday's function is unacceptable. It should not have taken place in a defence establishment,\" said chief minister Oommen Chandy here on Thursday.Meanwhile, labour minister Shibu Baby John said it was not the first time that Union defence minister A K Antony expressed his reluctance to think about setting up any more defence establishment units in Kerala. \"He told me the same a year ago when I visited him in Delhi. He was upset over the work culture in Brahmos Aerospace here,\" he said.\"While expressing his grievance at the function in Brahmos here on Wednesday, Antony was trying to convey the dissatisfaction of the defence wing. The workers in Brahmos here are reluctant to shed their work culture. In a bid to salvage the company, I had initiated talks with the trade union leaders. I assured them all assistance to set up a grievance redressal forum, but the union leaders were too adamant. They are not willing to cooperate unless they were given the freedom to run trade union activities,\" Shibu Baby John told reporters here on Thursday.However, the quality of work carried out by the employees at Brahmos here was commendable. \"I was told that workers in Brahmos here could assemble units with precision in three months, while such precision tasks would take minimum 10 months anywhere else in the country,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17235036", "title": "Kejriwal to release 2010 report of DERC", "text": "NEW DELHI: Arvind Kejriwal has said that next week he will come out with facts that will justify his demand for a reduction in power tariff.The activist said his team had acquired a copy of the 2010 order by the then DERC chairman, Brijendra Singh. \"The order was only with BJP and Congress. None has made the order public. Next week we will make it public and reveal the nexus behind the hike in power tariff,\" he said.\"We will tell the people of Delhi why the tariff should be reduced,\" the India Against Corruption (IAC) chief said at a public meeting in Rohini attended by around 200 people. Kejriwal, who is to announce the name of his political party on November 26 at Jantar Mantar, has been trying to drum up support. He attended two meetings on Thursday \u00e2\u20ac\u201d one in Rohini and the other at Nangloi.Alleging corrupt practices between the government and the corporates, Kejriwal appealed to people to turn up in huge numbers at Jantar Mantar on November 26. \"When we speak to people of other parties, they say they have at least 10 people at each polling booth. How do you think you would stand a chance if we can't station our own people at the booths?\" he asked. \"There are 9,000 polling booths across the city. So we need 90,000 people.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17236652", "title": "Twitter battleground", "text": "Armed forces using social media to disseminate information on an assault live might seem like an outrageous  \u00c2\u00a0 trendsetter , but it actually only pushes the envelope some more. The advent of 'embedded journalists' during the Gulf War had already blurred the lines between the troops and the media to a significant extent and it was perhaps only a matter of time before the next step completely ended the separation. Of course, this carries propaganda to a whole new level and it is perhaps no coincidence that Israeli troops should be the first to use this device.\u00c2\u00a0Related story:  War threat looms over Gaza as Hamas, Israeli forces trade fire", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "tirunelveli", "code": "17236250", "title": "Two Kudankulam Nuclear Power Project activists held", "text": "TIRUNELVELI: Two more people protesting against the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Project (KKNPP) have been booked under Goondas Act in Tirunelveli district.The police had already detained two people from Kudankulam under Goondas Act a week ago in connection with the protests, while 22 others have been arrested on various charges.Police said Goondas Act has been slapped on M Sindhu Bharath (23) of Kudankulam and A Thavasi Kumar (36) of Vairavikinaru. The police said that during an attempt to lay siege to the Kudankulam nuclear plant on September 10, the two had indulged in violence and also attacked police. Goondas Act was slapped on them based on the recommendation from collector R Selvaraj. A Nazaren (40) of Tsunami Colony near Idinthakarai, and S Lourdusamy were booked under the same act a few days ago. The four were arrested along with 22 others soon after the siege attempt.Police alleged that when a state expert panel visited the project site on February 17, they prevented KKNPP officials from entering the site to explain safety features to experts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17236158", "title": "Winter ailments rear head", "text": "KANPUR: With the winter settling in the city, ailments associated with the season are also rearing their head. Long queues of patients suffering from viral infections and influenza could be seen outside doctors' clinics.TOI spoke to few medical experts regarding precautions to be taken to prevent winter-related sicknesses. Doctors say the human body needs time to adjust and adapt to changes, which may be dietary, geographical or climatic.Whenever there is a change in seasons, the body takes some time to adjust, providing an opportunity for infections to attack it. During such changes, the immune system weakens and becomes more susceptible to a number of bacterial and viral infections.When the atmospheric temperature falls during the colder months, there is an increased incidence of winter ailments like colds, sore throat, cough and influenza. Other common winter ailments include chest congestion, dry and itchy skin, runny nose, sinusitis and seasonal allergies. Cold winters aren't just associated with increased infections, but individuals who suffer from conditions like asthma , rheumatism and arthritis are also more prone to severe bouts of symptoms. \"As common cold and influenza have similar symptoms, people usually tend to get confused between the two. However, it is important to keep in mind that influenza is a much more serious problem than common cold,\" said Dr Shailendra Tiwari, physician at Ursala Hosrseman Hospital.Dr Tiwari said in the case of influenza, one experiences raised body temperature followed by chills. Aching of different parts of the body is common and the person tends to feel lethargic. In the case of common cold, one usually experience symptoms like excessive sneezing, a running nose, fatigue, fever and loss of appetite.\"Common colds generally last for a longer period, anywhere between 4-14 days. Flu is another winter ailment where a person may experience high body temperature, weakness, fever and shivering, headaches, nausea and body pain. Flu tends to last for 7-10 days and generally occurs more suddenly as compared to a common cold,\" added Dr Tiwari further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17241014", "title": "Rahul is our commander, whose footsteps we have to follow: Salman Khurshid", "text": "NEW DELHI: Senior Congress party leader and external affairs minister Salman Khurshid on Friday welcomed the elevation of Rahul Gandhi as the head of the party's 2014 poll coordination committee, describing him as the Congress's new commander.\"Our party is very excited. Now, it is clear who our commander is, whose footsteps we have follow,\" Khurshid told media here.However, Congress leader Digvijaya Singh said Rahul Gandhi, at this stage, could not be seen as a candidate, but would have a say in the Congress and will always have.Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leader M Venkaiah Naidu said nobody will be able to save the Congress party from defeat in the 2014 general elections.\"It is the internal matter of the Congress Party; we have nothing to do with that (Rahul Gandhi's appointment), but let me also be clear about one thing-that nobody can save the Congress party. People are angry with the Congress because of issues like mismanagement, price hike, corruption, farmers suicides and black money etc,\" Naidu said.\"So, I think nobody will be able to save the Congress Party from defeat. We have the experience of Karnataka, Tamil Nadu and Orissa,\" he added.Besides Gandhi, the members of the Congress Election Coordination Committee for the 2014 Lok Sabha included Ahmed Patel, Digvijay Singh , Madhusudan Mistry and Jairam Ramesh. Dwivedi is also part of the committee.A K Antony, M Veerappa Moily, Mukul Wasnik, Suresh Pachouri, Jitendra Singh and Mohan Prakash are part of the pre-poll alliance sub group.Antony, P Chidambaram, Sushil Kumar Shinde, Anand Sharma, Salman Khurshid, Sandeep Dikshit , Ajit Jogi , Renuka Chowdhary, PL Punia and Mohan Gopal (Special Invite) are part of the manifesto and government programme sub group.Digvijaya Singh, Ambika Soni , Manish Tewari, Deepender Hooda, Jyotiraditya Scindia , Rajeev Shukla , Bhakta Charan Das are part of the communication and publicity sub group.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17237030", "title": "A walk a day to keep diabetes away", "text": "Bangalore: Walking and a balanced diet can help control your blood sugar levels. Lifestyle International, in association with The Times of India, will organize Beat Diabetes' Walkathon on Saturday. It'll start at 7am from Kanteerava Stadium and go through Cubbon Park.The idea is to encourage people to inculcate habits like walking and keeping a balanced diet from early adulthood to avoid falling prey to diseases. According to IDF Diabetes Atlas 2012, over 63 million Indians are suffering from diabetes. Reputed doctors in the country blame it on low awareness.\"One of the simple yet most effective ways to combat diabetes is to indulge in simple physical activity for at least 30 minutes every day. Medical studies have proven that a walk for 30 minutes to 1 hour daily results in better blood glucose-level management. When we walk, our muscles absorb blood sugar, preventing it from building in the bloodstream. The result is lower glucose levels and this effect can last for hours,\" said Dr HM Krishnamurthy, consultant physician and diabetologist at Sanket Healthcare and Diabetes Services.He said this is not a permanent solution but to continue walking and improve cardio-vascular fitness and weight control to help reduce health risks.Kabir Lumba, managing director, Lifestyle International, said, \"It's amazing how simple habits like walking can contribute in safeguarding one from lifestyle diseases like diabetes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17236521", "title": "Nitte University convocation", "text": "MANGALORE: The second annual convocation of Nitte University will be held at KS Hegde auditorium at Deralakatte on Saturday.Degrees will be awarded to doctor of medicine, master of surgery (MS), master of dental sciences (MDS), master of pharmacy, master of science in nursing, master of physiotherapy (MPT) and post basic BSc (nursing) candidates. Dr Devi Prasad Shetty, founder, Narayana Hrudayalaya will deliver the convocation address.In all, 26 certificates of merit for toppers in each course will be given and 175 candidates will be conferred various degrees. These include nine merit certificates and 50 degrees in MDS course; six certificates and 18 degrees in MD MS; five merit certificates and 19 degrees in MSc (nursing); one merit certificate 25 degrees in post basic BSc (nursing); four merit certificates and 53 degrees in MPharm and one merit certificate and 10 degrees in MPT.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17236106", "title": "CBI probe into Digvijay Singh\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcrole\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 begins", "text": "BHOPAL: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has initiated investigations to probe whether the AICC general secretary Digvijay Singh had bent rules to allow 'illegal' construction of the Treasure Island\u00e2\u20ac\u201d-the first mall of the state \u00e2\u20ac\u201d-in Indore during his regime as the chief minister of Madhya Pradesh in 2002.The CBI's Delhi unit began the investigation on Thursday following an order issued by the Indore bench of MP high court on October 18, sources said. The agency has been asked to complete investigation within six months.The HC bench comprising Justices P K Jaiswal and M C Garg, has directed the federal agency to investigate the alleged role of the former chief minister and five others in a case after a petition was filed by Mahesh Garg against the closure report from the state economic offences' wing (EOW).In 2008, Garg had lodged a complaint with the EOW alleging that the mall was built in violation of set norms. He had accused Digvijay Singh of issuing directives to bureaucrats for facilitating construction of mall ignoring rules and regulations.Following Singh's directive, authorities allowed construction of mall on entire plot (2.5 lakh sq ft) notwithstanding the rules which allows only a portion of land for commercial use, he had alleged.In April 2011, the EOW filed its report giving a clean chit to Digvijay Singh and four others, including the then housing minister Chaudhary Rakesh Singh and then chief secretary A V Singh stating that no evidence was found against Singh and four others. Seven others were charge-sheeted in the same case.When contacted, EOW officers who investigated the case, said no evidence was found against the former chief minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17237199", "title": "2 Nigerians, Ghanaian held for selling cocaine", "text": "Bangalore: Two Nigerians and a Ghanaian were caught selling cocaine near the Indo-Asian College in Banaswadi II Block.\"Cocaine worth Rs 70,000 was recovered from them on Tuesday . They were found selling the drug to locals and students in the area,\" said a police officer. All three were remanded to judicial custody on Wednesday. They have been identified as Steven Okoy, 32, from Ghana; Ezekiel Johndon, 27 and Jeromiah Chisom Okpusay, 33, from Nigeria.Jeromiah had been caught earlier by Hennur police for peddling drugs. \"All three arrived in India on a business visa claiming they wanted to sell T shirts. Instead, they were involved in drug peddling,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17236016", "title": "Boy killed, others injured in mishap", "text": "VARANASI: While a boy was killed, several others suffered serious injuries when a four wheeler hit two motorcycles and an auto before turning turtle near Tarna Bazar under Shivpur police station on Thursday.According to reports, Mukesh, resident of Bhabhua in Bihar, had hired a car (BR01 DJ 0553) from a travel agency to go to Babatpur airport to receive some of his relatives. Sanjay Bahelia (54), a Kaimur (Bihar) native was driving the car. He might have been driving the car in an inebriated state as a bottle of liquor was also recovered from his vehicle. When they were passing through Tarna Bazar, Sanjay tried to overtake a vehicle. But as another four-wheeler was coming from the opposite direction, he turned the car to avoid collision. However, in this bid, he lost control on the steering and his car hit a standing motorcycle. Owner of the motorcycle, Sachin Srivastava, who was standing near his vehicle with wife, son and daughter suffered serious injuries in this mishap. When Sanjay tried to escape, he hit another motorcycle of Kanta Patel. In this incident Harsh (12), son of Kanta died on the spot while Kanta and his wife, Shyama sustained serious injuries. Later, Sanjay's car hit one auto-rickshaw before turning turtle.The incident generated anger amongst the locals who caught Sanjay and beat him brutally before handing over to the police. The cops also seized the car. All the injured persons were initially rushed to a private hospital, where on noticing sharp deterioration in the Sachin's condition, the doctors referred him to SSL hospital of BHU. Harsh's body was sent for postmortem. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17235492", "title": "Police plan crackdown on sex racket kingpins", "text": "PATNA: Patna police are planning a crackdown on the sex racketeers operating in the city through well-organized network spreading beyond the state's border.\"The pimps are the kingpins. Merely nabbing the sex workers will not help the police in stopping this trade. Police always look for the pimp to paralyse that particular racket,\" Patna SSP Amrit Raj said.\"Several massage parlours, in the name of beauty parlours, often run a well-organized flesh trade. Patna is the place to provide the services while the girls are brought from other states,\" said a senior police officer. \"Such beauty and massage parlours have specific sets of customers to play safe. They generally do not experiment with new customers. Hence, it becomes difficult to gather information about them,\" he added.According to police sources, the girls reportedly entertain clients brought to them through 'proper' channels. The trade, in recent years, has been flourishing in massage parlours, cabin restaurants and shady hotels, and even in a few residential colonies.\"The pimps often carry their business in the garb of running orchestra and dance troupes. They involve young girls by offering them hefty amount for a single show,\" a police source said. The girls are basically bought from states like West Bengal , especially the northern part of West Bengal, Nepal and Jharkhand. A few of them also belong to small villages in Bihar.The girls are not always poor and uneducated. Instead, they are too young to mind the trap. But many times the girls' parents are completely in the dark about their association with such entertainment troupes and they just land into the trap.\"Apart from massage parlours and hotels, railway stations, area near zoo and Ganga ghats are favourite places to hook such girls,\" said the cop.\"Patna police have not arrested any big name involved in flesh trade so far. In Patna, the pimps operate individually but they certainly know each other. According to the police investigations, one major operator handles the influx of girls of a particular range in the border areas,\" he said. However none of the operators is based in Patna.Apart from the organized sex rackets, some young girls join the trade for enjoyment. \"Though it is a very recent and metro trend, it is gradually influencing some Patna girls, too,\" the cop said. \"There is also competition in the business. Sometimes, one pimp informs the local police about the other,\" he added.Reputed hotels generally don't allow unmarried couples to check in. But the customers staying in hotels bring ladies as their 'guests' which hotel authorities fail to stop.BoxApril 25, 2012: GRP at Patna Junction detain some women in the age group of 14 to 35 years, allegedly involved in flesh trade.Aug 8, 2012: Pirbahore police arrest four persons for running a sex racket in a city rest house.July, 2012 to Nov 14, 2012: Police busted sex racket at Vaibhav Apartment on Buddha Marg, Rambha Apartment in Rajvanshi Nagar, arrest two girls and four boys from a government flat under Shastri Nagar police station; arrest 11 persons, including five girls, from the premises of an apartment in Nehru Nagar under Patliputra police station and a two-room rented flat at Indrapuri under SK Puri police station.Nov 14, 2012: Six persons, including five girls, were arrested from Kumhrar under Agamkuan police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17236020", "title": "New Hijri year to begin today", "text": "The new 1434 Hijri year will begin on Friday as the crescent moon for Muharram, the first month of the Islamic calendar, was sighted on Thursday.The Ruyat-e-Hilal (Moon Sighting) committee convener Maulana Qubool Pasha Shuttari said that with the sighting of crescent the 10th of Muharram, the martyrdom of Hazrath Hussain, the grandson of the Prophet, will be observed on Sunday.\"We have received information that the moon has been seen at various places; hence this declaration,\" he said. Meanwhile, Ali Raza Tabrezi, President Seeratuz Zehra Committee, said that the first Majlis-e-Aza (mourning council)was held soon after the announcement of moon sighting was heard.tnn The meetings will continue until 9th of Muharram at 6-00pm at Ibadat Khana Hussaini, Darus Shifa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17234953", "title": "'A little care can do what a cop can't!'", "text": "Being the state capital, Ranchi poses serious challenges for the police. This is supported by the figures that appear on the Jharkhand police website -- Ranchi leads all 24 districts, including 18 Left-wing extremism-affected districts, in terms of criminal activities. Ironically, it is home to the policymakers, the administrators and the political pundits. Ranchi SSP Saket Kumar Singh speaks to Alok KN Mishra about his plans to turn Ranchi into a safe place for its residents. Following are excerpts from the interview.Q: Ranchi's crime graph makes it the worst district in the state. Your comments...A: Ranchi being the state capital, criminals target it more than any other district. Geographically, it is largest (after west Singhbhum) in size and has a huge population. How many cases a district reports is not important. What matters is how many cases have been investigated and disposed of. At least, 600 cases are disposed of every month.Law and order situation has deteriorated. Your take...Agitation by opposition parties generally cause law and order problems. Such agitations take place almost everyday in Ranchi. People from across the state converge here to participate in demonstrations. It's a challenge and we handle it well. In the past few months, several criminals have been arrested.Why is it that for some cases, investigations take a lot of time?Constables who have been promoted as assistant sub inspector (ASI) are not trained. There are about 100 new ASIs who lack proper training. Some sub inspectors too lack training. There is no central system through which they can be trained. I have asked inspectors to train ASIs. Each inspector will train four ASIs. Ranchi has 16 inspectors. Police stations too do not have finger print testing kits.Why has community policing stopped in Ranchi.It will be re-launched soon. It was not stopped. It lost its track. I have asked police officers to be cautious while selecting 'Police Mitra'. At times, people use the cover of 'Police Mitra' to carry out criminal activities.Firing has become common in the state capital...It has become easy to obtain a gun in Ranchi. Criminals have revealed that they procure guns for Rs 2,000 or even less. Apart from inter-state networks, quite a few local networks have also emerged of late.Bike lifters are active in Ranchi. Almost everyday someone's chain is snatched. Your take...It cannot be stopped 100%. Locks of old vehicles can be easily broken. I would suggest that bike users use double locks. Similarly, women should be cautious when they go out wearing gold chains. A little care can do what a cop can't!Don't you have sufficient cops to police the city?Ranchi has an acute shortage of cops against the sanctioned strength. The city needs two traffic DSPs. Sadar, Khelari, Dhurwa and Control Room do not have DSPs. Currently, we have only 4000 policemen and around 300 of them are always out for training. A significant number of these policemen are into VIP security. We need 400 constables, 200 head constables and 200 officers. A communication was made in this regard to police headquarters (provision) and few appointments are going on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "17236825", "title": "4 involved in fake currency racket arrested", "text": "PATIALA: The Shambu police claimed to have busted an inter-state gang involved in circulating fake currency with the arrest of four persons. The cops have seized Rs 1.50 lakh fake currency from the gang.According to information, the Shambu police station SHO Manjit Singh had received a secret information that some members of a gang were sitting at a non-functional petrol pump near Chamaru village and planning a crime in the area. When police raided the spot, they seized fake currency and arrested four gang members -- Firangi Kumar, Sona Lal, Aman Kumar and Rama Kant Yadav, all are from Bihar state.\"We have seized Rs 1.50 lakh fake currency and are conducting further investigations,\" said Patiala SSP Gurprit Gill. He further claimed that preliminary investigations have revealed that that the arrested gang members were circulating fake currency in Punjab and other states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17237032", "title": "Gene that gives us edge over apes decoded", "text": "LONDON: Researchers have discovered a new gene which they say helps explain how humans evolved from chimpanzees . The gene, called miR-941 , is carried only by humans and it appeared after humans evolved from apes and played a crucial role in human brain development and could shed light on how we learned to use tools and language.Researchers from the University of Edinburgh compared it to 11 other species of mammals, including chimpanzees, gorillas, mice and rats. This finding, published in Nature Communications , brings us closer to answering one of science's leading questions: What makes the human body different from other mammals?A previous study that also analysed the differences between apes and humans found that the evolutionary genetic advantages that help humans live longer than apes also make them more vulnerable to diseases of ageing, including heart disease , cancer, and dementia.Scientists led by Dr Martin Taylor at the Institute of Genetics and Molecular Medicine showed that miR-941 had an important part in the development of the human brain and can even help explain how we acquire language and learn to use tools.This new gene is the first known gene to be found in humans and not in apes. According to the team, it appears to have a certain purpose in the human body.Pigs hold clue to human diseasesScientists have sequenced the pig's genome, showing the swine and humans share 112 DNA mutations linked to a range of disease like Parkinson's and Alzheimer's , which may help in fighting diseases. Researchers, who undertook the largest ever study of the pig genome, found that swine are adaptable, easy to seduce with food and susceptible to domestication \u00e2\u20ac\u201d much like humans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17241965", "title": "Samantha's secret meeting", "text": "Samantha is back in action for Gautham Menon's Neethane En Ponvasantham after a short break due to her skin illness. Having dropped out of top directors Mani Ratnam and Shankar's movies earlier hasn't helped her.Although she is back to work, most director seems skeptical to cast her in their movies due to her skin illness.Learning about the development, Samantha seems to be meeting directors in person and that too in probably in skin revealing clothes so to assure the director there is nothing wrong with the illness she suffered.It's said the actress is meeting the director in glamorous attire in the evening so as to appear more attractive than she would in the day time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17236423", "title": "Karnataka will demand its share of power from Kudankulam", "text": "MANGALORE: After Kerala, Karnataka has jumped on to the bandwagon seeking its due share of the power generated at Kudankulam.A reported statement by Union minister for parliamentary affairs V Narayanaswamy that the entire power generated at Kudankulam will be given to Tamil Nadu has riled up power minister Shobha Karandlaje who termed it a direct interference in the federal structure of governance.Under the Gadgil formula, Karnataka and other southern states are eligible for a share of the power produced at the Kudankulam plant. As per the formula, Shobha said that in any centrally funded project, 50% of the power goes to the state where the project comes up and rest goes to the central grid to be distributed among neighbouring states. While Kerala is eligible for 133MW of power from the plant, Karnataka's share is 220MW, she said.Narayanaswamy had said that the entire 1,300MW of power generated at Kudankulam will be given to Tamil Nadu. The TN government had supported the first phase of agitation against the nuclear power plant.However, it used its support to the agitation as a bargaining point to get concessions. There were reports that the prime minister had agreed to the terms set by Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa in this regard.If the Centre concedes to the demands of the Tamil Nadu government on Kudankulam power, Shobha said the state government will insist for a similar arrangement for the entire power generated at Kaiga Generating Station in Uttara Kannada district.At present, Kaiga Generating Station, an atomic plant, is generating 880MW of power from each of its four units of 220MW capacity and the fourth unit was connected to the Southern grid at 1.56am on January 19, 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17236280", "title": "State issues advisory for boiler owners", "text": "GURGAON: The Haryana Industries and Commerce Department has advised the boiler owners to get their boilers registered as their registration and inspection are mandatory under the Boilers Act, 1923, before putting them in operation. While stating this here today, a spokesman of the Department said it would be the sole responsibility of the boiler owner to run the boiler after getting it registered, inspected and certified by the Boiler Inspectorate or authorised inspecting authority as per the provisions of the Boilers Act. Only those boilers will be registered and certified which are manufactured as per the Indian Boilers Regulations, 1950. In case of any mishappening or accident, the boiler owners or users will be responsible and they will be prosecuted under the provisions of the Boilers Act, 1923. He said under the same Act, boiler meant a pressure vessel in which steam is generated for use, external to itself by application of heat which is wholly or partly under pressure when steam is shut off. But it does not include a pressure vessel with capacity less than 25 litres; with less than 1 kg per centimeter square design gauge pressure and working gauge pressure or in which water is heated below 100 degree centigrades. pti", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "dharmapuri", "code": "17235247", "title": "Stone pelting turns fatal for youth travelling in bus", "text": "DHARMAPURI: Unidentified miscreants pelted stones on a government bus heading to Salem, killing a 21-year-old youth near Harur in Dharmapuri district early Thursday morning.The deceased has been identified as L Sakthivel from Thathampattu village in Tiruvannamalai district. A labourer at a knitting factory in Tirupur, he had gone to his village to celebrate Diwali with his family on Monday. On Wednesday night, he boarded a government bus heading to Salem from Tiruvannamalai. Due to the festival rush, Sakthivel could not get a seat and had to sit on the gear box where a few other passengers were also seated.Around 2am, when the bus was nearing Kongaivembu near Harur, unidentified miscreants pelted stones at the bus. One of the stones shattered the front glass of the bus and hit Sakthivel on his head, causing him to swoon immediately. Some shattered glass had also pierced his body. The bus driver Sathiyanesan stopped the bus and called for the 108 ambulance service. He also informed his superiors and the Harur police. It took 25 minutes for the ambulance to arrive at the spot and Sakthivel was rushed to the Harur GH where doctors declared that he was brought dead. He had succumbed to severe head injuries and loss of blood, the doctor attending to him said.\"It is quite common for youth to pelt stones at government buses in this region. The bus driver had seen two youths who seemed to be in their early 20s. We have formed a team to nab the culprits,\" said inspector S Lakshmanakumar. Based on the driver's complaint, a case has been registered in this regard, he added.Sakthivel is the only son of K Lakshmanan, an agricultural labourer from Thathampattu. He has two elder sisters, one of whom is married. He was the only earning member of the family. His parents are seeking compensation from the Tamil Nadu government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17236092", "title": "Alert train passenger helps free kidnapped boy", "text": "BHOPAL: A 12-year-old abducted school student from Bhopal was freed from the clutches of a kidnapper from a train at Itarsi railway station on Thursday with the help of an alert and net-savvy passenger. The boy, Sahil Khan, who was in school uniform, was seen in the company of suspicious looking bearded man by passengers of S-9 bogie in Dakshin Express at Itarsi.Passenger Shravan Kumar Yadav, of Varanasi, collected contact details of school authorities on the basis of school's name embossed on Sahil's belt.Within 10 minutes, he managed to locate the school principal using Internet search engine on his mobile phone and informed him about it.The school authorities reacted swiftly and informed Ashoka Nagar police station. The police forwarded the message to the Government Railway police (GRP) Itarsi and recovered the boy. They also arrested a person, identified as Jagdeesh Shukla, sources said. Sahil was referred to a hospital in Hosangabad district.He told the police that an unidentified person had drugged him after asking him the address of Ashoka Garden area. The incident took place when the boy was standing outside his school in lunch hour.A case of abduction has been registered against the accused. He is being interrogated to know kidnapper's intention.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17239821", "title": "I'm what men would call a cheap date, says Penelope Cruz", "text": "Penelope Cruz says that she believes she has mellowed down with age and that she cannot tolerate alcohol like she once could.The 'Bandidas' star confessed that she has left her wild child days behind and now has settled into married life and parenthood with Spanish actor Javier Bardem .\"About ten years ago I had a wild, confused phase - I just wanted to get lost in life and not think about the consequences,\" News.com.au quoted her as telling German magazine In.\"After two beers now I'm already tipsy. I guess , I'm what men would call a cheap date!\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17235709", "title": "Sighting of Muharram moon begins Islamic year", "text": "LUDHIANA: The moon of the Muharram was sighted on Thursday evening marking the beginning of new Islamic year.Breaking the news about the moon being sighted on Thursday evening, Shahi Imaam (priest) Punjab Maulana Habib-ur-Rehman Sani Ludhianvi congratulated Muslims on Islamic New Year.He said that besides the month of blessings from Allah, the 10th day of Muharram is sacred in the sense that on this day, Hazrat Imaam Hussain, nephew of Prophet Muhammad (SAW) achieved martyrdom.\"Besides prayers and fasting, we hold special functions on the 10th day of the month to commemorate martyrdom of Hazrat Imaam Hussain,\" said Muhammad Usmaan Ludhianvi, Naib Shahi Imaam.Businessman of Field Ganj Muhammad Shahnawaz said: \"Muharram is the first month of Islamic year so we congratulate our Muslim brothers on start of the year. It is also one of the special months as during this month, Allah showers blessings on us and forgives our bad deeds.\"\"We pray for peace and tranquility in the world. We remember Hazrat Imaam Hussain, nephew of Prophet Muhammad (SAW), who made the supreme sacrifice in the battle of Karbala. The 10th day of Muharram is called Ashura. We distribute sweet water and feed the poor,\" said Muhammad Zaffar, a businessman from Kidwai Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "filmmaker brothers abbas-mustan get talking about the confusion regarding their identity, their 'white' fetish and films first things first. of the two, who is abbas and who is mustan? a", "code": "17238045", "title": "Abbas-Mustan: Can\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t identify us? We like it!", "text": "Filmmaker brothers Abbas-Mustan get talking about the confusion regarding their identity, their 'white' fetish and films First things first. Of the two, who is Abbas and who is Mustan? A: (Raising his hand). I am Abbas. The shorter guy in this jodi is Abbas. M: There is an indeed lot of confusion in Bollywood about our identities but we're not twins. And you guys precipitate the confusion by keeping one phone... A: Yeah. You wouldn't know whether you're talking to Mustan or me. M: Even actors who have worked with us for fifteen years, can't judge at the other end. What if you two are not together in one place and the caller demands he wants to speak to the other guy? A: I redirect the caller to a crewmember who is accompanying Mustan- and he does the same. M: That's the way we have been, that's the way we shall remain. Do you enjoy this confusion? Is there no way to simplify this? A: Ab hum kya karen? We tell people to remember that the taller one is Mustan but if they can't.. .(pauses) M: (Interrupts) Can't identify us? We like it! (smiles). You started a production house. Have you shut shop? A: Not at all. Recently, we produced Players na? We plan to produce more films. Did the fate of Players disappoint you? People started asking questions like what's wrong with you? A: Of course. In fact, we were quite shocked. We had very high expectations from that film. M: Maybe many people had seen the original, The Italian Job. And what is this affinity for the colour white? A: We grew up seeing films of Raj Kumar and Jetendra. They both loved white (smiles). Also, we love brightness. What can be brighter than white? M: If you recollect, none of our films have been shot in dark backgrounds. We feel suffocated if the light around is insufficient. We hate eating in hotels , which have dim lighting. Our rooms are white, our floorings are white. Over to your forthcoming flick, Race 2... A: It's bigger than Race. My son has also assisted in the film. He joined the New York Film Academy, he is so organised. M: But learning in theory and putting it into practice are two different ball games. As for Race 2 , every character in the film is grey. We have played on our strength, it's a thriller. The action sequences are to be seen to be believed. We have blown up a Lamborgini. Are you trapped in your thriller format? A: Producers who approach us expect that we'll give them a thriller. It has become a sort of given. But it's not a trap. M: we have come up the hard way in life, so it's not difficult for us to arouse emotions in a story if and when there is a need. Its'said you guys are heavily inspired by Hollywood? A: Believe it or not, we don't even watch Hollywood films. M: We go with the writer's vision. How would we know from where his inputs are coming? In a way, you made Shah Rukh Khan with Baazigar. How come you did only Badshaah with him after that? A: We do catch up with SRK, but we need to have a subject for him, which suits him to the T. M: Actually, we are working on a story keeping him in mind. Deepika Padukone gave you sleepless nights when she walked out of the film? A: Hmmm... she had date issues. Ramesh Taurani (producer) sorted it out with her. M: Once she returned, she gave her hundred per cent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17235624", "title": "'Departing' festive rush greets passengers at Charbagh station", "text": "LUCKNOW: Rush was evident at Charbagh on Thursday night, as people after celebrating Diwali with their dear ones, set out to their respective job destinations. A beeline of cars choked the roads around Charbagh leading to chaos in the night around the departure time of Lucknow Mail - the much preferred train of those travelling between the national capital and the state capital. The rush was at least double of what was witnessed on Wednesday night, said a tea stall owner at platform number one.The arrival of Gomti Express, which was carrying devotees from Delhi to Lucknow who arrived in the city to participate in a religious gathering to be held in the outskirts of the city later this week, also lead to a minor commotion around 9.40 p.m. on Thursday. \"I have been assigned to help 150 odd visitors from Delhi, Punjab and Haryana, who have arrived via Gomti Express on Thursday,\" said Jay Prakash, one of the volunteers who was carrying a flash light and guiding the visitors to the buses parked outside Ravindralaya to ferry them to the centre of the gathering.Meanwhile, people with unconfirmed tickets were seen making rounds of travelling ticket examiners, but in vain.\"As expected, the load on the train is excessive these days due to festive rush,\" said one of the examiners. Officials fear that the chaos on Sunday might be worse as many people who have weekends off will return to their destinations on Sunday night.Also those who had arrived in the city had a hard time finding public transport, as a significant number of UPSRTC's contractual workforce was on leave.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17236463", "title": "Cancer care institute opens Sunday", "text": "MANGALORE: Seven oncologists from Mangalore have come together to set up Mangalore Institute of Oncology (MIO), a specialty hospital for cancer treatment. Dr Suresh Rao, the head of the cancer division at MIO, said the institute will be inaugurated on Sunday by people who have overcome cancer and by members of Yuvraj Singh Foundation.Dr Rao said the worldwide incidence of cancer is about 6.5 million new cases per year and is projected to be 12.3 million per year by 2030. He said the treatment cost at MIO is arrived at keeping in mind people from the lower economic strata of society. \"The institute will mainly benefit people who cannot afford to travel and pay high cost treatment in larger cities,\" he said.Cancer Education and Awareness Cell of MIO will be actively involved along with government and private groups in educating people of this region, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17236497", "title": "Man kills brother", "text": "MANGALORE: A person allegedly killed his brother at Kailara, Barya in Uppinangady police station limits on Wednesday night.The deceased has been identified as Joachim Sequeira, 33, son of late Anthony Sequeira, a resident of Kailara. The accused is John Sequeira, 35. John is married and has a child.Both of them lived together in the same house, along with their mother. Police said an argument ensued between the brothers over a property issue on Wednesday night and in a fit of rage John hit Joachim with an iron rod. The victim died on the way to the hospita l. The accused is absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17240015", "title": "FIR's special shoot at Essel World", "text": "FIR, the long running and the most celebrated show on SAB TV is leaving no stone unturned to attract audiences with its innovative and wacky tracks. Once again, the team is ready for another laughter riot with their sincere attempts to crack the mysteries which are hilarious.As the Diwali vacation is on, the makers (Edit II Productions) have planned to target children as their viewers. Therefore; the shoot for their upcoming track will take place at Essel World today.Source informs that the team has already headed for Essel World today and is trying to complete their shoot. But the popularity of the show and its characters is not allowing them to complete the shoot.Kavita Kaushik aka Chandramukhi Chautala confirms, \" We were all excited to shoot at Essel world as we also considered it as a break but now the condition is so worse that we cannot get out of our vanity. Essel world is so inhabited that we cannot shoot and as soon as we start shooting, fans just bump in.\"It's a mystery cum kidnapping track, where the commissioner gets kidnapped and the entire team reaches Essel World to find him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "17237356", "title": "Work on Angadippuram rail overbridge to begin soon", "text": "MALAPPURAM: The issue of traffic congestion at the Angadippuram railway gate will soon be resolved as the Roads and Bridges Development Corporation (RBDC) is expected to begin the work on the railway overbridge (ROB) at Angadippuram, on the National Highway 213. RBDC has submitted the general arrangement drawing (GAD) for the final approval of the railways.Railways has already informed the state government that the project would be given final approval once the GAD is submitted.The railway gate on the Nilambur-Shornur route witnesses frequent traffic snarls. This has been causing trouble to motorists in the Kozhikode-Palakkad route. The ministry of road transport and highways (MRTH) had granted approval for the project, which was awaiting nod for more than six months, in August.The DPR of the two-lane ROB was prepared by Kitco, after a detailed survey by the revenue department and National Highways Authority of India (NHAI), amid protest from locals. Meanwhile, some organizations in the region have come up against the project alleging that it will adversely affect another major proposed project -- flyover-cum-bypass -- that is being planned at Manathumangalam, a few kilometres away from Angadippuram. But, authorities are hopeful that the ROB at Angadippuram will not affect the flyover-cum-bypass which is to come up at Manathumangalam.Minister for urban affairs Manjalamkuzhi Ali, who is also the local MLA, told TOI that as the railways' stand on the project is positive the work can be started soon.He added that the work on the flyover-cum-bypass will also be started within months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17237340", "title": "Minority conference on Saturday", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Minister for urban affairs and minority welfare Manjalamkuzhi Ali will inaugurate the minority conference being organized by the Sunni Management Association here on Saturday.All India Sunni Jam-Iyyathul Ulema general secretary Kanthapuram A P Aboobacker Musaliyar will deliver the keynote address. The conference will bring to the attention of the government issues, including ensuring equal justice and opportunities to the minorities, implementation of the recommendation of the Ranganatha Misra Commission report and withdrawal of the order by the Kerala University that removed the provision of community reservation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17235692", "title": "Jawwad hails direct flight from city to Najaf", "text": "LUCKNOW: Shia cleric Kalbe Jawwad on Thursday welcomed the Union civil aviation ministry for proposing a direct flight between Lucknow and the holy city of Najaf in Iraq . Jawwad, after meeting Rashtriya Lok Dal state president, Munna Singh Chauhan said that the community is thankful to Union civil aviation minister and RLD chief Ajit Singh for taking an initiative in this direction.While Chauhan wished away political motives behind initiating a direct flight from Lucknow and Najaf, the development has set political circles abuzz that RLD, a key ally of the Congress-led UPA government is trying to woo the community keeping Lok Sabha elections in mind.In fact, RLD and Congress had even contested the UP assembly elections together. That Jawwad had been giving jitters to Samajwadi Party in the recent times only fuelled the speculations that RLD-Congress combine was trying to keep the cleric in good humour.It was the RLD state president, who went to meet Jawwad. The cleric, in turn, 'hailed' the efforts taken by RLD in pacifying both Hindu and Muslim community in Faizabad, which recently witnessed communal tensions. Chauhan himself had unsuccessfully contested UP assembly elections from Bikapur constituency of Faizabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "17234319", "title": "Social welfare officer booked under prevention of atrocities against schedule caste and schedule tribe Act", "text": "BHANDARA: The social welfare officer of Bhandara Zilla Parishad has been booked under prevention of atrocities against schedule caste/schedule tribe Act. He has not been arrested. A case has been registered against him at the Bhandara police station.The social welfare officer Rajesh Pande is also holding the additional charge of state special social welfare officer. According to sources, Dr Premdas Dhargave, resident of Dr Ambedkar ward, had approached Pande to invite him to a function at the Buddhavihar. Dhargave alleged that Pande used derogatory words while talking to him in his office.Dhargave then lodged a complaint against social welfare officer Rajesh Pande at the police station. He alleged that Pande had used bad words while talking about the SC and ST.However, in the evening social workers belonging to the SC community came to police station and tried to solve the issue saying that there was no substance in the matter. They even requested Dhargave to desist from lodging complaint. He relented to their request and refrained from making any complaint. But on the next day he came along with an alleged witness to the police station and lodged complaint against Pande.Police are investigating the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17235589", "title": "Monica's kin take out candle march to seek justice", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A month after the mysterious murder of school teacher Monica Goyal, 42, her family and relatives held a candle march demanding justice for the deceased, on Thursday. Starting from Monica's maternal residence in Sector 15, the march concluded at Sector 17 piazza.Monica's brother Amit Jindal said the police were treating it as an abetment to suicide case until they protested and demanded that murder charges be slapped and fair investigation be undertaken against her in-laws.\"Statement of key witness in the case and my sister's son Krish, 7, is yet to be recorded and one of the accused is still absconding. More than 50 people, including family members, neighbours and distant relatives participated in the candle march,\" said Amit.Monica, 42, was found dead in her house in Sector 21 under mysterious circumstances. Her husband Vikas Goyal and in-laws G P Goyal and Prem Lata had made an attempt to destroy all evidence on October 15 and were arrested for abetment to suicide on October 17. The police added murder charges against them on November 8 after a forensic report from CFSL-36 stated, \"Possibility of murder could not be ruled out.\"SHO of PS 19 Harjeet Kaur, said, \"Some more parts of the report are still awaited. The statement of Monica's son Krish will be recorded under the supervision of a child psychologist and a request for the same has been sent to the UT administration.\"A CFSL team visited Monica's Sector 21 residence on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17235735", "title": "Students' desi twist to 'Gangnam' style", "text": "LUDHIANA: The cyber attention to Gangnam style, popularized all the more by cricketer Chris Gayle, popped an innovative idea among a group of final year PGDM students at PCTE. The students came up with an Indian parody of the famous song released by Korean rapper Psy earlier this year and have even shot a video on it.In three days, about 50 students got together to shoot for the video at four different locations in the city according to the concept proposed by Mexican advertising professor Roberto Arrucha, 27, at PCTE. Cashing in on the curiosity for the original song, the Indian parody made by these students has received over 5,000 hits on YouTube in a week.While the video has all the Punjabi \"desi\" elements with a \"videsi\" touch, it has been edited, choreographed and produced by the students.Roberto says they came up with the idea of making a parody video of Gangnam song with an aim to attract attention of at least one percent of the Punjabi crowd.\"But, the response this video has got has motivated us to treat our audience with a new video, which will also serve as another learning experience for the students,\" he adds.\"Initially, we were not excited about the whole idea, as we were unsure if it will work out. But, it was fun to work on it,\" says Jasmeet Kaur, 23, a Dugri resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17239276", "title": "'Mazdoor' opens on a positive note", "text": "Bhojpuri flick Mazdoor has been garnering a positive response on box office since it release in Uttar Pradesh and Mumbai last week. Mazdoor, starring debutant Mukesh Kumar and Pratibha Pandey, is doing well at the box office.The film's plot is in the backdrop of exploitation and oppression faced by laborers. Mukesh looks convincing in the role of an angry young man who vows to throttle the oppression against the workers.Mazdoor is written and directed by Amar Betaab. Actors Mukhesh Kumar, Pratibha Pandey, Bandini Mishra, Bali Singh, Gopal Rai are in pivotal roles in the movie. Guvant Sen and Nitesh Ranjan have composed the music for the films and lyrics for the movie are penned by Vinay Bihari, Ashok Sinha and Imran Ansari. Mazdoor also has a sizzling item number by Purnila.Source: Bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "q", "code": "17235121", "title": "'Middle class more tolerant to torture'", "text": "Q: How do you rate your stint of three years as chairperson of the State Commission for Women? What was your basic focus?A: I would rate my good though not satisfactory. My main focus was to take the commission to grassroots level. Especially in Western Odisha the commission had very little influence, which I tried to change. I worked really hard both inside the office and outside and sacrificed personal luxury and comfort to reach out to the harassed and distressed women of the state.Q: What is the trend of crime against women in the state? Which sections of women are more vulnerable?A: Almost women from all strata of the society are being tortured and harassed in Odisha, we cannot say a particular section is more vulnerable. However the middle class is a bit more tolerant. They don't come forward and lodge a complaint unless it is really serious. But both high and lower class people seek help of the women commission.Q: From which part of the state more cases of women atrocities are received?A: Of course from Bhubaneswar and its periphery because more educated people live in this part hence are more aware about the provisions of law. But we received huge number of cases from districts like Cuttack, Jagatsinghpur, Kendrapada, Nayagarh, Bhadrak, Balasore , Jajpur, Ganjam .Q: What are the types of crime against women?A: Of late cyber crime and cases of cheating on false promises of marriage are more. Besides, incidents of marital disputes, bigamy, domestic violence, porn CD, workplace harassment, murder and women trafficking are on a rise.Q: What are your major successes?A: My suggestions like removing tinted glasses from vehicles, providing a job for Everest climber Kalpana Dash, 50 percent reservation for women in parliament and assembly are major. Besides, in my tenure we could resume the helpline for women and also activated a transit house for destitute women.Q: Do you feel SCW lacks teeth to implement its decisions as it is more a 'toothless tiger'?A: Yes sometimes while dealing with difficult cases I feel the women commission should be given more powers. If it's Act could be amended in the line of the State Human Rights Commission, then it would have benefitted more harassed women.Q: What are the hurdles for the functioning of the SCW?A: The commission has very few staff which becomes a mjor hurdle for the smooth functioning of the commission. There are only five posts of sponsored members of which we have only three members. We also require more funds so that we can reach out to more women in interior and rural areas by organizing more camp courts.Q: You have taken suo motto cognizance of a large number of cases, which drags you into controversy. Why do you poke your nose into controversies?A: Whenever I saw there is any violation of women rights or I feel women are harassed and victimized then only I intervene into the matter. There has been no other motive behind it. If I have been assigned to do a task then I try to do it with utmost sincerity and honesty.Q: Of late your post has been politicized and you are accused of being 'partial' and showing 'favouritism'?A: Some people criticize for the sake of criticism. They are paid for this. But ultimately the truth comes out and shuts the mouth of those people. All my reports are based on facts. I have never worked under any political pressure since I hold the chair of chair person of the state commission for women.Q: In the three controversial cases of Bebina murder case, attack on lady constable in Congress rally and the latest ayurvedic doctor Madhabi murder case, you have been accused of giving reports in favour of the ruling party. How do you defend yourself?A: In case 'Bebina Murder' case, it was proved. In case of attack on lady constable Pramila Padhi, everything occurred in broad day light and shot in television cameras. So there is no point of being partial or favouring anyone. Similarly in Ayurvedic doctor Madhabilata murder, it has to be established whether it was a case of homicide or suicide. I did not blame any person for her death, rather I said we must look into other possible angles for her death.Q: Do you want extension of your term as chairperson of the SCW? What are the unfinished works you have?A: Yes, I feel if I would be given another chance then I could complete some of my unfulfilled works. A large number of cases of atrocities against women are not reported as police refused to register an FIR. I would try to make it mandatory to at least register all cases of crime against women. I also want the women and child desk in police stations must be strengthened and more infrastructure to be provided to protection officers for the domestic violence act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17235821", "title": "'Man has been interfering with atmospheric energy budget'", "text": "LUCKNOW: The 120{+t}{+h} birth anniversary of eminent palaeobotanist Dr Birbal Sahni was celebrated with much fanfare at Birbal Sahni Institute of Palaeobotany on Wednesday. The day began with dignitaries paying floral tributes at Professor Sahni's samadhi followed by a number of academic events. The director in-charge of the institute, Dr RR Yadav spoke about BSIP's progress and how the subject of Palaeobotany is getting constantly enriched with induction new techniques and methods.Dr Chandra Shekhar Nautiyal, director of NBRI and CIMAP, who was the chief guest at the event, said, \"No one can work in isolation today. Workers of different disciplines should come together to tackle the dwindling biodiversity, so that information collected can be transformed into knowledge adopting creative approach.\"Palaeoclimatologist Prof R Ramesh of the Physical Research Laboratory, Ahmedabad delivered the 58{+t}{+h} Sir Albert Charles Seward Memorial lecture. He discussed how different components of the earth system interact with each other to produce the observable changes. He cited the example of how the increase in water vapour leads to monotonic increase. The increasing energy-release into the atmosphere is responsible for the changes in the atmospheric system causing thunder storms and other phenomena. \"Man has been interfering with atmospheric energy budget more severely for the past 150 years, which is accompanied by increase in carbon dioxide and methane. This has led to about 1 degree temperature rise in this period though it took about 30,000 years to bring about a change of 5-6 degree Celsius before that,\" he said.Prof KG Saxena of the Jawaharlal Nehru University, New Delhi dealt with the need for sustainable development in view of serious threat to ecology. He emphasised the need for change in lifestyle and cautioned that ignoring it will put life itself in peril. The change in the lifestyle has to be not only in terms of agriculture, but also cultural, economic and social.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "17235967", "title": "Hizb militants attack liquor shop in Srinagar", "text": "SRINAGAR: Four people were wounded after Hizbul Mujahideen militants fired on a liquor shop inside a government-owned hotel on the banks of the Dal Lake in Srinagar on Thursday.The four were identified as Fayaz Ahmad Khanday, Mohammad Sharief Sheikh, Ravi Kumar and Sunny.Hizbul claimed responsibility for the attack, saying it wants all liquor shops to be closed in the Valley. \"Our men carried out the attack and we appeal parents to keep their children away from waywardness,'' Hizbul spokesperson Junaid-ul-Islam told a local news agency.Earlier, a bomb had gone off near the hotel housing the liquor shop in 2010. But no one was injured in the attack.Three liquor shops have reopened in recent years after militant threats forced closure of most outlets in the Valley in late 1980s. Apart from these three shops, most big hotels in Srinagar have pubs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17237046", "title": "Why is Bangalore dirty, schoolkids ask CM", "text": "BANGALORE: Why is Bangalore so dirty and why are there no playgrounds? These were some of the queries flying at chief minister Jagadish Shettar from a group of primary schoolchildren who were clued in on the garbage mess and other civic problems.Around 70 students in the 5-10 age group from city-based Heritage Academy School met Shettar on the occasion of Children's Day on Thursday and sought to know various things from the CM - from potholes to polls to pedas.On the city's stinking eyesore, Shettar said, \"I am personally touring the city and making efforts to resolve the garbage crisis. Soon the city will be cleaner.''A student wanted to know when he prepared for elections. To this Shettar said every minute is election time for him. \"As CM, I am preparing to face elections. By implementing schemes and projects, I am preparing for polls,\" he said.Another student told the CM that his dream was to win a gold medal for India in the Olympics but there were not enough playgrounds in the city to practise sports. Shettar assured that the remaining playgrounds in the city would be salvaged. As the school is situated on Bannerghatta Road, the students told him that the road was a nightmare to travel as accidents took place regularly on the stretch. The CM assured that action would be taken and potholes would be filled in Bannerghatta and other parts of the city soon.A student said that he preferred travelling to school in a city bus but there was no provision for seat reservation for children below five years. Shettar assured he would look into the matter.Some students wanted to know the personal likes of CM - whether he had health drinks, liked burgers and so on. Shettar said he preferred tea over milk and had no liking for burgers. However, Shettar said he loved Dharwad peda as he comes from that district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17235203", "title": "Now, watch folk, classical dances live at T3", "text": "NEW DELHI: Passengers at the international airport in the capital will get a unique treat this month \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a chance to witness Indian dance forms as part of a five-day festival of contemporary and classical dance.Pandit Jai Kishan Maharaj, son of Pandit Birju Maharaj, whose dance troupe Birji Maharaj Parampara has choreographed and will perform at the festival, inaugurated the extravaganza at Terminal 3 of the Delhi International Airport (P) Limited on Wednesday. The performances include classical genres like Kathak and Bharatnatyam, along with regional dance forms like Haryanvi, Kalbelia, Chhau and Dandiya. \"This is the first time that any airport in India has undertaken an initiative of this kind,\" said DIAL CEO, I Prabhakara Rao in a statement.\"This is just an extension of our long connect with Indian culture which is manifested all over the airport and especially at T3. Events like this also signify that travelling out of Delhi Airport is not merely catching a flight but an experience that one carries home,\" he added.Pandit Birju Maharaj, who is currently touring the US, said, \"I have performed across the world at varied venues with my troupe... But, this is surely the first time that the troupe from Birju Mahraj Parampara will be performing at an airport. \"I am happy that such a step has been taken by the authorities. This will go a long way in promoting Indian culture at what is surely the new Gateway of India.\"Pandit Jai Kishan Maharaj said, \"This event is a great attempt through which travellers and our foreign guests in transit can get a glimpse of our culture and remember it as a part of their journey...\"Performances were scheduled between 6am to 9pm and 5pm to 8pm at the T3 domestic departures, and between 12 noon to 3pm and 11 pm to 1am at the T3 international departures on Thursday, and on November 20, 21 and 22. PTI", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "17234960", "title": "Wild bear kills Gumla woman", "text": "Gumla: A woman was attacked by a wild bear near Rampur-Bartoli hamlet, adjacent to Barwenagar-Rampur forest under Chainpur block in the district on Sunday. She died on Thursday.The deceased, who was later identified as Terasa Ekka (50), was attacked by a bear who slit open her throat on Sunday morning. She had gone to a threshing place to dry her crops. Suddenly, a wild bear drew up to her and assaulted her badly, said Philip Kujur, a social activist.The woman, critically injured, was rushed to the Sadar Hospital the same day. She was undergoing treatment, said Vijay Kumar , range officer of Kurrumgarh forest range. He added that a bear was noticed near Harra village under the same block. She succumbed to the injuries on Thursday.Gumla divisional forest officer (DFO) Kumar Ashotosh said this was a fresh attack by a wild bear after three years in the forest range.tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "karachi", "code": "17238583", "title": "I'm not in Pakistan to seek job: Moores", "text": "KARACHI: Former England coach Peter Moores has made it clear that his recent visit to Pakistan has nothing to do with any job with the cricket establishment, but he didn't rule out a consultative role in the future.Moores said he had been specially invited by the Pakistan Cricket Board to meet with board officials and former players and have a look at the existing domestic structure as well as the system under which the national and regional academies were being run.\"I think I have come here to have a look and get views of some former greats like Javed Miandad and Intikhab Alam . I have come here to listen and learn and find out what happens and see how I can help move thing forward in Pakistan cricket,\" Moores said.\"I think the first thing for a coach is to listen and it would be wrong to think you can walk in suddenly and give your views. There is lot of expertise in Pakistan cricket and lots of information is already here. The key is to listen and know if there is anything I can add to that which would probably be structural,\" he said.Moores, who is now coach of the Lancashire team and has worked as head coach of the England team and as director of the ECB academy, said there was already a huge amount of passion for cricket among PCB officials.\"I am not part of the system here I can come here and give an opinion but I need some time to look and find out what is going on and then you start to evolve a way forward. Answers will come from people here,\" he added.He agreed that Pakistan cricket needed to keep on looking at ways to improve its domestic structure as it is key to being a successful cricket nation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17235690", "title": "Akhilesh's overture to sisters of the state finds many takers", "text": "LUCKNOW: From the time it was launched at noon till 7pm, 800 calls were received by staff at the call centre of UP police's Women Powerline '1090' launched by chief minister Akhilesh Yadav as a \"gift to sisters of the state\" on an occasion no better than 'bhaiya dooj' on Thursday.The inauguration ceremony of the helpline, which will operate from the administrative building-2 of Dr Bhimrao Ambedkar Samajik Pariwartan Sthal, the structure built by Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) supremo Mayawati near Jiamau Crossing on Lohia Path, was held at a function at chief minister's official residence at 5, Kalidas Marg.Elaborating on the helpline, Yadav said the new service can be availed of from anywhere in the state and will be manned by women police personnel and identity of the caller will be kept a secret. Some girls had met him during a function and had told him about their woes, the chief minister said, adding it was right then he had decided to launch a helpline for girls who were victims of eve-teasing.Speaking on the occasion, DIG Navneit Sekera, who has been heading the project, said the helpline was aimed largely at counselling first-time offenders; but if he continues, police would initiate legal measures.The helpline would deal with crank calls, obscene calls, SMSs and MMSs in the first phase, while all Internet-related harassment, including posting of fake profiles on social networks would be dealt with in the second phase. The third phase, Sekera said, would involve cases of harassment in public places.The database of complaints and action taken will be linked to the Intelligence Department, Sekera added.Coming to law and order situation in the state, the chief minister, in a reiteration of his statement which he had made in context to Faizabad communal tension a couple of weeks back, said his government was not getting required cooperation of some officials and a section of media on improving law and order.\"We are getting cooperation on all other fronts but not on law and order... there are some good people in the police force but there certainly appears to be a shortcoming somewhere,\" the chief minister said.Before delving into details about the helpline, the chief minister said: \"People were calling these monuments a mere work of stone work, but this Women Powerline '1090' has come up in one such structure.\" Taking yet another jibe on former chief minister Mayawati without taking her name, Akhilesh accused her of defaming his government as she had run out of issues.Referring to Mayawati's statement in New Delhi after her dinner meeting with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , Akhilesh said: \"Even I had a dinner with the prime minister a day before but I do not know what she had to speak about failing law and order in the state,\" the chief minister said in a lighter vein.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17234833", "title": "India lags in pictorial warnings on cigarettes", "text": "MUMBAI: When it comes to pictorial warnings on tobacco packets, India ranks a low 123 among 198 countries surveyed on the warnings parameter.While experts agree that pictorial warnings on tobacco packets is a proven strategy that deters people from smoking or chewing tobacco, the ground reality is that less than 40% of the display area on cigarette and tobacco packets is covered by the warnings in India.This finding was part of the 'Cigarette Package Health Warnings: International Status Report', released at a recent WHO Framework Convention on Tobacco Control (FCTC) conference. India ranks 123 among the countries surveyed on the size and fulfillment of requirements for picture- based warnings on packets.Under the FCTC, an international treaty signed and ratified by India, the countries are required to carry health warnings on all packages of tobacco products describing the harmful effects of tobacco use. The warnings \"should be 50% or more of the principal display areas, but shall be no less than 30% of the display areas\", and include pictorial warnings.Dr Pankaj Chaturvedi, oncologist at Tata Memorial Hospital who has been working against cigarette and tobacco products, said pictorial warnings serve as a deterrent to a first-time user. \"The tobacco industry has exploited loopholes in the pictorial warning notifications to subvert the law. While smokeless tobacco packets have gory pictorial warnings of mouth cancer , the picture quality is so bad that they become meaningless. Moreover, the cigarette industry chooses the least graphic warning\u00e2\u20ac\u201dphoto of a lung\u00e2\u20ac\u201dthat has literally no impact on a user's mind.\"International guidelines under the FCTC recommend that warnings should be as large as is achievable, should include a rotating series of graphic pictures and should be on both the front and back of packages. Examples of pictures that appear on packages include a diseased lung or mouth, a patient in a hospital bed and a child exposed to secondhand smoke.However, the written warnings may not help much in compelling smokers to quit, say doctors. \"Nearly 20-25% of Indian children are users of tobacco and nearly one-third users in India are illiterate,\" said Chaturvedi. \"They cannot read the warning printed in Hindi or English. Pictorial warnings work better for them,\" he added.\"Considering that Australia has passed a law that mandates plain packaging of cigarettes packs to discourage branding, we still have a long way to go to get the message across to a user,\" said Surabhi Shastri of 'Smokefree Mumbai' campaign.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17239880", "title": "PM favours self regulation by media", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Friday said censorship was no answer to irresponsible journalism and favoured self regulation by media.\"As a country, we believe in complete independence of the media from external control,\" Singh said in a message on National Press Day on Friday.\"It is true that sometimes irresponsible journalism can have serious consequences for social harmony and public order, which the public authorities have an obligation to maintain, but censorship is no answer,\" Singh said.Noting that free and fair media has been an essential pillar of democracy, he said since the days of India's struggle for freedom media has been guiding social change, informing readers of their rights and contributing to the nation-building process by spreading awareness.\"It is for the members of the Fourth Estate themselves to collectively ensure that objectivity is promoted and sensationalism is curbed. It is for them to introspect how best they can serve our country and society and advance their well being,\" Singh said.National Press Day is observed every year on November 16, the day when the Press Council of India started functioning as a moral watchdog of the media in 1956.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17235359", "title": "16 more test positive for dengue; 295 this month", "text": "PUNE: As many as 16 more people found infected with dengue on Thursday. With this, the number of people found positive for the mosquito-borne infection in Pune municipal limits has gone up to 295 this month. The figure registered in the last 15 days has already surpassed total cases registered throughout the last month when there were 270 cases.This is the highest figure recorded in a very short span since the transmission of dengue fever started increasing in the city from September onwards. Since January till date, the city reported total 764 dengue infected cases.Besides, nine people have succumbed to dengue in the city. Among them, six were local residents while rest had come down to Pune for treatment. Four of the six victims of dengue in the city were found to have breeding places of the aedes aegypti mosquito, the dengue vector, right inside their houses.\"Most of the cases reported on Thursday were from fringe areas like Lohegaon, Alandi Road, Dhanori Road, Warje-Malwadi, Nagar Road, Ghorpadi gaon and core areas like Koregaon Park, Camp, Budhwar Peth, Ganj Peth and Bhawani Peth,\" said S T Pardeshi, medical officer of health, PMC.Favourable climactic conditions, accumulation of water, increasing construction activity, piling up of garbage , lack of public awareness vis-a-vis personal anti-mosquito measures and inadequate mosquito management have aggravated the situation.Vaishali Jadhav, head, insect control department, said, \"There are 14 ward offices in Pune city. Dengue cases have so far been seen in all the ward offices that cover the entire city. However, there is no need to panic. Our health staff has been pressed into controlling the spread. People need to be careful and vigilant. It is vital to tackle mosquito breeding sites, especially those inside houses, to prevent dengue.\"\"Proper solid waste disposal and improved water storage practices, including covering containers to prevent access to egg-laying female mosquitoes, should be followed,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17237093", "title": "Men? Women check out women more", "text": "LONDON: Women spend more time checking out the clothes and figures of other women than they do looking at men, a new study has found.According to the study, women are keen to see what \"the opposition\" is wearing, how much cellulite they have, what their hair looks like and how thin they are. Clocking other women's shoes, height, cellulite, which brand their handbag is and whether or not they have had plastic surgery is the usual thought process of women, researchers found.Others check out women to see if they are leaner than them, trying to spot dark or unflattering hair roots, while looking out for wedding rings makes up to the checklist as well, the Daily Mail reported. Half of the 2,000 women polled by an on-line retailer said they \"enjoy\" comparing themselves to women they work with, befriend or pass in the street.Researchers found beach is the place where most female ogling takes place, with 80% of those polled saying they love having a good look at other women when they are sunbathing with. They also found one in five like to guess what country other women are from, 43% like to check out their swimwear and one in 20 like to critique their tans.A third said that they would be more impressed by a female with a toned physique than a man and 42% said every woman was something to compare themselves to. A competitive one in ten women said they always want to look better than other women and a more realistic and 40% said they don't compare themselves to other women in a spiteful way.Nearly half of those polled said they compliment women they don't know on how they look, with the most likely compliment to be about their clothes. Whereas 86% of women said they would never dream of going up to a man they didn't know and paying him a compliment. 25% said it would go to a man's head.On a daily basis 42% of ladies said they dress to impress their female peers and not the opposite sex \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and even on big night-outs it is girls they are trying to impress not men.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17235993", "title": "Noise pollution up in Arera, Govindpura this Diwali", "text": "BHOPAL: Residents of Arera Colony seem to have burst more fire crackers this year on Diwali as the decibel level in the posh residential area went up this year and registered more noise level than the last year. Hamidia road, however, continued to be the place with highest noise level among three categories of residential, commercial and industrial in Bhopal city. Interestingly, compared to noise level on Hamidia road last year, it registered a decline this Diwali.The noise level went up to 67.7 dB in Arera Colony this Diwali in comparison to 61.17 dB recorded on Diwali in 2011. Similarly, noise level at Govindpura industrial area rose to 60.4 dB, up from last year's 56.61 dB.The noise level in Arera Colony was more than the permissible limits for residential areas which is 55 dB. Similarly, at Hamidia road, which is a commercial area, the noise level should not be more than 65 dB.The noise level was less than the permissible limits only in the Govindpura industrial area. The permissible limit is 75 dB for industrial areas.In contrast with other cities where noise levels went down this Diwali, noise pollution went up in Bhopal during the festival on November 13 in comparison to previous year.The noise levels measured by the Madhya Pradesh pollution control board (MPPCB) at three places ie Arera Colony (Residential), Govindpura (Industrial) and Hamidia Road (Commercial) confirmed the same.The statistics compiled on Thursday pointed that noise levels increased at the Arera Colony and Govindpura industrial area while it reduced marginally on the Hamidia Road, where noise level went down to 73.0 db from the level of 76.44 db recorded last year.The report of ambient air quality monitoring states that the pollution level has gone down on Hamidia Road and Arera Colony, whereas, it went up marginally around the Govindpura industrial area.The PM-10 (respirable particulate matter) measured in microgram per metric cube went down at Hamidia Road to 261.36 this year in comparison to 422.9 recorded on Diwali in 2011. Similarly, at Arera Colony it went down to 272.2 while last year it was recorded at 347.37.The air pollution at Govindpura industrial area marginally went up to 314.27 against 312.30 recorded last year. The value of sulphur dioxide (So2) decreased this year in the abovementioned three places.Way to measure air, noise pollutionAir pollution: Respirable dust sampler is the instrument used for measuring air pollution. For calculating PM 10 (respirable particulate matter), filter paper is used with the help of which the dust particles is measured in the air. Presence of Sulphur dioxide is measured using absorbents. Officials said respirable dust samplers are placed permanently in Govindpura, Hamidia road and Area Colony for throughout monitoring of the ambient air quality.Noise pollution: Noise testing meter is the instrument used for measuring the noise pollution. The places of monitoring in Bhopal were Arera Colony, Govindpura industrial area and Hamidia Road. However, the noise testing meters are not placed permanently in Bhopal. The pollution control board has only two meters to measure the noise level. The officials said their teams visit with the meters at the three identified areas to measure noise pollution on Diwali.Pollution level of other 2 big cities of MP on DiwaliIn Gwalior, the air pollution has increased this Diwali in comparison to last year. The three places where air pollution is monitored in Gwalior include, Jayarogya Hospital premises, Maharaj Bada and Jawahar Colony. Air pollution levels went up at all the three places. Further, the noise levels went up in Maharaj Bada this Diwali while it went down around the Jayarogya Hospital. The pollution level in Jawahar Colony was not much different from the last year, the officials added.In Jabalpur, the comparative results of noise monitoring during Diwali this year was recorded slightly low in comparison to previous year. The noise level is monitored at three places in Jabalpur- Vijay Nagar, JP Nagar near Jhanda Chowk and around high court. In terms of air pollution, which is also monitored from the same places, the report stated there was no remarkable change compared to previous year, though the respirable suspended particulate matter was slightly towards the higher side.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17235701", "title": "Moretti's Pope a plea for change", "text": "KOLKATA: \"We need a big change,\" he says, and his co-passengers on the bus quizzically look at him. He is His Holiness. No, we can't yet call him Pope although he has just been elected by the Cardinal College. Why? Because, at the moment of the public announcement before the faithfuls gathered at St Peter's Square, the pope elect had a panic attack! Worse: When he's secretly taken to a psychiatrist, he gives keepers of the Vatican a slip, moves around on a bus, stays in a nondescript hotel, watches a group playing Chekov - all to come to terms with the big change in his own life. Fear of the responsibility suddenly thrust on him is one that even pope must face on his own.When Nani Moretti started 'We Have a Pope,' many viewers expected the 'Italian Woody Allen' to take on the Church seared by stories of homosexuality and paedophilia. When French actor Michel Piccoli was cast as Meliville, because of the physical likeness, many expected a drama on John Paul II. When the cardinals pray \"God, please don't do this to me...\" one expects the director of Dear Diary and My Son's Room to revisit the election of Pope Benedict who admitted praying so in 2005. When a psychiatrist, an atheist, is brought into Vatican to counsel His Holiness, one expects a debate on the role of faith in the 21st century where activism and secularism is undermining the importance of prayers.Nani Moretti doesn't fulfill any of these expectations. That's not because the Roman - who plays the psychiatrist - dismisses the role of the pope, or even the election process that's describe as 'part democracy, part ritual.' Black smoke, white smoke; the Cardinal College confined to the Vatican until the election is over; the announcement on the balcony before thousands - every sumptuous detail is faithfully recreated on the Cinecitta sets that 'became' the capital of Catholic Church.Moretti takes us into the rarified secret place which - like Buckingham Palace - masses don't get to see. But he probes something else in the film that could be frivolously described as 'A Runaway Pope has a Vatican Holiday.' The simple storyline - a newly elected Pope suffers a panic attack and his advisors can't convince him he's the right man for the role - becomes Moretti's tool for investigating 'faith,' 'role' or responsibility, 'change' in the church... although his voice is subdued and his humour never sardonic.But there's little doubt he's talking to the church. Revist the election of the current pope: \"At a certain point I prayed to God, please don't do this to me... Evidently he didn't listen to me.\" Many others, elected to the august office, have confessed they feel inadequate for the role that requires them to fulfill the trust of millions. \"One minute, you're an ordinary human being; next minute you're God on Earth. What if you feel you can't serve mankind?\" - Moretti asks.Instead of showing a puny man wanting to come into power, Moretti shows a man who honestly declining power. A man who must talk about faith and instill faith in the non-believer must surely believe in himself! And, contrary to the practice of a church Confessional, Moretti's Pope has to confess his inadequacy in front on the balcony, before believers and television.Reportedly the Roman Catholic community wasn't too pleased. The pope is the rock on which Jesus founded his Church. Why would anyone support what offends people's religion? But no one could criticise it as they found \"no irony, no caricature\" of the pope. For, essentially, the script is questioning roles, and how fit leaders are to play theirs. The pope doesn't take on the role, neither does the psychiatrist who then organises football for the waiting cardinals. The Swiss guard fakes as the pope behind the curtain. The Vatican spokesperson doesn't speak because he's confused...Such a scenario has to change, Moretti insists. Indeed, the entire speech the pope doesn't give is a plea for change in the institution that its current head wants to return to fundamental (Christian) values.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17234988", "title": "Rising prices force devotees to cut down on Chhath offerings", "text": "RANCHI: Prices of fruits and other offerings have gone up in the wake of Chhath Puja in the capital. The \"duara\" and \"kalsup\" (traditional wooden baskets) that are used by devotees to make the offerings to the sun god are also costing much more than last year. Most devotees feel they will be forced to cut down on the festive budget.Fruit prices have gone up by almost 10 to 15 per cent. Bananas, which are the most sacred offerings, are also coming for a high price, and so are pomegranates. Taraknath Das, a fruit seller, said, \"Prices are bound to go up since it's the festive season. The pomegranate, which earlier came for Rs 160 per kg, now costs Rs 180 per kg. Bananas are selling for Rs 25 to 30 a dozen. Custard apples could be earlier bought for Rs 50 per kg and now they cost Rs 60 per kg.\"Along with fruits, gourd is an essential component of the puja on \"naha kha\" when fasting devotees cook and have rice with gourd. \"Gourds are being sold for Rs 15 to 20. Earlier they could be bought for Rs 10,\" said vegetable vendor, Shivlal Prasad.A buyer said she was surprised to find duaras costing Rs 200 to Rs 260 a piece. \"Earlier, we could get them for Rs 100. The prices if kalsups have also gone up. They are costing Rs 30 to Rs 70 depending on the size,\" she said.A vendor said, \"We sold kalsups between Rs 15 and Rs 20. But this year the prices have really gone up.\"Shoppers complained that they used to buy in bulk earlier but now they have to wind up their shopping on a budget of around Rs 500. \"Instead of two duaras we will buy only one this time and fill it up with fewer offerings. Fruits anyway have become very expensive. The price of milk has also gone up. On the day of 'kharna' women cook 'kheer' and 'roti' and everyone is invited to the house to have the prasad. But this year we will have to cut down on the number of invitees,\" said Ankush Singh, whose was spotted buying puja items for his wife in a city market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17235227", "title": "2 autolifters held in Okhla", "text": "NEW DELHI: A gang of autolifters was busted by southeast district police on Thursday. The accused have been identified as one Sonu, and a juvenile . Four motorcycles have been seized from them.On November 6, one Vinod Kumar of southeast Delhi had parked his bike in Okhla Phase II but it got stolen from the parking lot. A case was then registered. On November 12, cops received a tip-off and a trap was laid at Maa Anand Mai Marg in Okhla Phase I. The accused were then held. Sonu told police they would steal bikes for joyride and abandon the vehicle when the fuel finished. They also confessed of their involvement in 3 other cases.tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17235732", "title": "Armed dacoits loot home in South Lucknow", "text": "LUCKNOW: Diwali night proved to be a dark one for a family staying in South City, a private township off Sanjay Gandhi Post-Graduate Institute of Medical Sciences with a group of 7-8 armed robbers holding the family hostage at gunpoint before taking away valuables and a sedan from them on Tuesday night. The armed men took away Rs 3.5 lakh in cash, jewelleries and ornaments worth Rs five lakh, other valuables and electronic items as well Tata Marina car. The victim Samuel Dorman, who is a merchant navy chief engineer, said that the heist has been around Rs 12 lakh.The PGI police, meanwhile, instead of registering a case of dacoity have only pressed charges amounting to forcible trespass against the unknown assailants. However, R K Chaturvedi, SSP Lucknow assured the victims that he will meet the family and initiate proceedings accordingly.In Tuesday's incident, the victim's family and his parents (altogether a family of seven members) were soaked in festive mood, when assailants entered their home after jumping the boundary wall and few from the main gate, in coordination with an intention of robbing the house. Samuel's plush property is located in G-Block towards the corner of the township and is isolated from the colony's hustle bustle.The father of the victim who was on the porch at the time of the incident was first one to be held by assailants before he could have raised an alarm. The remaining members of the gang then searched the house and brought all members present in the house, including the servants in the main hall. Their hands and legs were tied and robbers then asked Samuel's wife, Seema to hand over the keys of the safe to them. The couple initially resisted the robbery attempt. However, in a bid to strike fear into the Dorman family the group assaulted the husband and wife with knives and threatened to end their lives. The gang also smashed and destroyed all the cell phones of the Dorman family.Seema then took them to the family's bedroom and unbolted the cupboard and the safe. Three members of the armed gangs then hurriedly ransacked the bedroom and also went around the other rooms on the ground and first floor in search of other valuables. The robbers escaped in Samuel's car with the booty after committing the act at around 10.15 p.m. The gang attacked the Dormans around 9 p.m. and spent over an hour in the house, said the victim. The nearest neighbour, whose house is located at a distance of about 200 feet, heard some suspicious noises, but attributed it to Diwali celebrations.Samuel reported the matter to the police from his neighbour's house. The police also called the dog squad and fingerprint experts to the spot subsequently. Vinod Dwivedi, the police official handling the case said, \"We suspect that local men from rural settlements around Rae Bareli Road have committed the act and are trying to collect more details.\"Victim told TOI that barring one, all the members were in 20-25 age-group. \"The gang was lead by one mid-age man who seemed like a seasoned criminal,\" said Samuel. Samuel's wife used to run a prep school in the area. He has been on leave for past one year brokering real estate deals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17236531", "title": "Postal ballot may hold key to power", "text": "SHIMLA: With pre-poll surveys indicating a neck to neck contest between arch rivals BJP and Congress, the result of assembly elections in Himachal Pradesh is uncertain. The decisive factor could well be 74,000 postal ballots of security personnel and 42,000 ballots of employees on election duty.Candidates are wondering if the heavy poll turnout had anything to do with anti-incumbency with regard to the Centre or the state. While both the BJP and Congress claim to be confident of victory, they are trying to consolidate external support as a back up in the face of the possibility of a hung verdict on December 20.Chief electoral officer Narinder Chauhan said the state has around 74,000 postal ballots of security personnel across India. A list of candidates was dispatched to security personnel within 38 hours of polling. \"Now, security personnel will send their ballots through post and those received up to 8am on December 20 will be included in counting,\" he said. According to Chauhan, apart from postal ballots of security personnel, 42,000 votes of employees on election duty are also to be considered. \"Of this, we have received around 17,000 votes,\" he said.In the past, assembly elections were a direct contest between Congress and BJP, but the presence of strong candidates from the Himachal Lokhit Party, CPM, Trinamool Congress and 105 independents, especially Congress and BJP rebels, has added an element of unpredictability. Infighting within the Congress and BJP with party leaders working against official candidates in many seats have made poll predictions difficult.Sources said candidates are making all out efforts to identify houses where someone is serving in the army or paramilitary forces. They are approaching such families asking them to send their ballots through post. Candidates are even contacting security personnel on the phone. The postal ballot will play a pivotal role in Hamripur, Bilaspur and Kangra, which have the highest number of serving soldiers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17240579", "title": "HI prunes down senior women probables list to 33", "text": "NEW DELHI: Hockey India has pruned down the list of core group probables of the senior women team to 33 players after a two-day selection trial at the Aish Bagh Stadium in Bhopal.Hockey India selectors BP Govinda, Savitri Purti and Surinder Kaur along with government observer Harbinder Singh and chief coach Neil Hawgood tested the fitness and performance of all the players during the trials which concluded on November 10 before pruning down the list of probables from 48 to 33 so as to build a strong team for next month's Test Series in New Zealand and the FIH World League Round 2 Tournament to be held here in February next year.The selectors will announce the squad of 18 players shortly for the six-match away Test series against New Zealand from December 6 to 16.India will be participating in the FIH World League Round 2 tournament to be hosted at the capital from February 18 to 24 next year.Pruned Probables list:Goalkeepers: Yogita Bali, Savita, Rajani Etimarpu. Defenders: Pinki Devi, Deep Grace Ekka, Joydeep Kaur, Kirandeep Kaur, Jaspreet Kaur, Kiran Dahiya, Preety Sunila Kiro, M N Ponnamma, Deepika, Namita Toppo, Sushila Chanu, Pooja.Midfielders : Ritu Rani, Amandeep Kaur, Chanchan Devi, Navjot Kaur (Senior), Poonam Rani, Vandana Katariya, Monika Malik, Lily Chanu, Rashmi Singh, Roselin Dung Dung.Forwards : Soundarya Yendala, Anupa Barla, Rani, Lilima Minz, Punam Barla, Asunta Lakra, Sunita Lakra, Chaitra Korakuttira.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17236324", "title": "Two city lawyers face contempt proceedings", "text": "GURGAON: Punjab and Haryana high court has initiated \"contempt of court\" proceedings against two Gurgaon-based lawyers who had reportedly misbehaved in the labour court.The high court had taken serious note of the case stating that the allegations made by the presiding officer of the labour court in the case are very serious and if proved, there can indeed be no other conclusion but to hold the respondents guilty of committing \"criminal contempt\" of the court.The case dates back to 2009 when advocates P S Rao and Anil Rao and another person, Puran, during the course of the hearing on January 12 in a case (No. 27/96 titled Jai Dayal vs IST) had shouted, made a scene and obstructed the smooth functioning of the labour court-cum-industrial tribunal-II, Gurgaon. The respondents had made wrong and rude gestures and used unparliamentary language against the presiding officer levelling allegations against his integrity and fairness of the court.During the trial in the high court the counsel of the respondents argued that the contempt proceedings were liable to be dropped as the industrial tribunal-cum-labour court neither possesses the trappings of a judicial tribunal nor is a Forum to deliver definitive judgments. ,They set aside the argument of the respondents and stated that it is thus beyond doubt that the labour court-cum-industrial tribunal possesses all the trappings of a judicial tribunal and any act which scandalizes or lowers its authority, prejudices or interferes with the due course of its proceedings or obstructs the administration of justice shall amount to \"criminal contempt\" within the meaning of Section 2 (C) of the Contempt of Courts Act, 1971.The court also held that the acts of respondents tantamount to \"criminal contempt\" within the meaning of Section 2 (C) of the Contempt of Courts Act, 1971 and posted the matter for November 26. The court would go ahead with framing of charges on the basis of the allegations under the contempt of court rules. It is worth noting that in the case of an advocate found guilty of criminal contempt of court he can be punished with simple imprisonment and suspended from practising for up to three years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17240987", "title": "Within two months, a new record for most distant galaxy: Nasa", "text": "NEW DELHI: The record for the most distant galaxy from Earth has been broken just two months after it was set. What appeared as a tiny blob to Nasa scientists turned out to be a small infant galaxy 13.3 billion light years away, Nasa said in a statement yesterday. Since the Universe itself is 13.7 billion years old, this means that the newly discovered galaxy was just 420 million years old when the light that scientists saw, left it. So, it also becomes the oldest known galaxy. Currently, it is known as MACS0647-JD.The previous record was set in September this year when the same team discovered a galaxy 13.2 billion light years away. It was 490 million old.Scientists are now able to discover these uber-distant objects by combining the power of Nasa 's Hubble and Spitzer space telescopes and one of nature's own natural \"zoom lenses\" in space. Light from very distant objects gets magnified by the gravity of massive galaxies that happen to be in its way. This effect is called \"gravitational lensing\".This find is the latest discovery from a program called Cluster Lensing And Supernova Survey with Hubble (CLASH), an international group led by Marc Postman of the Space Telescope Science Institute in Baltimore .Along the way, 8 billion years into its journey , light from MACS0647-JD took a detour along multiple paths around the massive galaxy cluster MACS J0647+7015. Without the cluster's magnification powers, astronomers would not have seen this remote galaxy. Because of gravitational lensing, the CLASH research team was able to observe three magnified images of MACS0647-JD with the Hubble telescope.\"This cluster does what no man-made telescope can do,\" said Postman. \"Without the magnification, it would require a Herculean effort to observe this galaxy.\"The newly discovered most distant galaxy is so small it may be in the first steps of forming a larger galaxy, Nasa said. Analysis shows the galaxy is less than 600 light-years wide. Based on observations of somewhat closer galaxies, astronomers estimate that a typical galaxy of a similar age should be about 2,000 light-years wide. For comparison, the Large Magellanic Cloud, a dwarf galaxy companion to the Milky Way, is 14,000 light-years wide. Our Milky Way is 150,000 light-years across.\"This object may be one of many building blocks of a galaxy,\" said the study's lead author, Dan Coe of the Space Telescope Science Institute. \"Over the next 13 billion years, it may have dozens, hundreds or even thousands of merging events with other galaxies and galaxy fragments.\"Coe and his collaborators spent months systematically ruling out these other alternative explanations for the object's identity, including red stars, brown dwarfs and red (old or dusty) galaxies at intermediate distances from Earth. They concluded that a very distant galaxy was the correct explanation.The new galaxy may be too far away for any current telescope to confirm the distance based on spectroscopy, which spreads out an object's light into thousands of colors, Nasa said. Nevertheless, Coe is confident the fledgling galaxy is the new distance champion based on its unique colors and the research team's extensive analysis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "17239111", "title": "Temperature hits zero degree in Ooty, white carpet over 10 km area", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: The temperature in and around this hill station, a major tourist spot, touched zero degree, with frost covering nearly 10 km area, officials said.Tourists and citizens ventured out only after 8.30am on Thursday, as the biting cold made them sit inside the rooms, they said.A 'white carpet of frost' was seen over the plains, tea estates, including in and around the town, the famous botanical gardens and also Wenlock downs, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17236091", "title": "No Telugu film found fit for Goa festival", "text": "HYDERABAD: Not a single Telugu film will be screened at the 43rd International Film Festival of India, 2012 beginning in Goa from November 19. That means the Telugu film industry will go unrepresented at the centenary celebrations of Indian cinema.In further embarrassment to Tollywood, regional films in Kannada, Malayalam and Tamil have found a place in the all-important Indian Panorama section where the best of the country's films will be showcased to the international audience. In fact there are as many as five Malayalam movies in the section. While movies in Assamese, Bengali, Bhojpuri, Byari, Hindi/Marathi, Hindi/English, Konkani and Punjabi have met the criteria but none from Telugu have made the cut.Enquiries by TOI revealed that as many as 9 entries were received in Telugu but only four made it to the central committee. The committee selected a total of 18 films from all languages but not a single Telugu film was found worth for the list. These include 'Ela Aithe Ela', 'Maa Voori Jogini', 'Mallela Theernam' and 'Minugurulu'. There were also other films like 'Oka Romantic Crime Katha', 'Omkaram', 'Prathyayanam' and 'Veerangam' which the three sub-groups of jury watched and did not send to the central committee as, in their opinion, the movies did not have enough stuff to go for final selection.The nine-member committee selected only films that would bring Indian cinema recognition in front of an international audience and did not mind selecting more than one film from one language.P K Manvi, academic, producer and director from Hyderabad, was part of the jury apart from members from West Bengal , Chennai, Bangalore, Trivandrum, Mumbai, and Delhi. Manvi who is the dean of Ramoji Academy of Film and Television told TOI that there were good reasons why Telugu films did not interest the jury. While some of the films had a routine theme, the others either lacked the technical quality to make the grade because films from other languages were simply better in many aspects.\"There should have been more entries of Telugu films. Some big films like 'Eega' were not even sent to be considered for selection to be screened in the Indian panorama section,\" Manvi said. Last year only one Telugu film 'Virodhi', starring Srikanth was selected for the Indian panorama.While no Telugu feature film has made it to the Indian panorama section, in the non-feature films category also there is no Telugu film. Movies in English/Hindi/Bengali/Kannada, Hindi/Gujarati, English/Hindi/Danish, Bengali, Hindi, Marathi, English/Marathi/English, English, Hindi/Pahadi, Hindi/Urdu, and English/Hindi will be shown in the non-feature films section.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17236473", "title": "SAGE report submitted", "text": "MANGALORE: Former Union minister and MP Oscar Fernandes has urged finance minister P Chidambaram to grant Rs 1 lakh as interim measure to people affected by the spraying of endosulfan in the four taluks of Dakshina Kannada before the actual damage is finally assessed by the concerned authority.Oscar submitted the report on endosulfan victims in Belthangady and Puttur taluks prepared by Social Action Group for Environment (SAGE) led by AICC member PV Mohan to Chidambaram. SAGE report had recommended that the central government too should come forward to help the people in distress, who continue to suffer from the impact of the use of endosulfan.Mohan told reporters that around 7,000 people have been affected in the four taluks of Dakshina Kannada district. \"The relief measures offered by the state and central governments are abysmal. While there is no doubt that the state government has the responsibility to offer help, one cannot forget that the greater responsibility vested with the central government as well,\" Mohan pointed out.In a memorandum, Oscar has requested Chidambaram that endosulfan victims in 92 villages in the district are in need of immediate financial assistance.Noting that Chidambaram has in-principle agreed to the demands made by Oscar, Mohan said the state government should also send a proposal to the union government seeking financial aid for endosulfan victims in the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17235753", "title": "Veterinary varsity research scholars bestowed with fellowships", "text": "LUDHIANA: Research scholars Dr Aman Dev Moudgil from the department of veterinary parasitology and Dr Amandeep Singh from the department of veterinary anatomy of College of Veterinary Science, Guru Angad Dev Veterinary and Animal Sciences University (GADVASU), have been bestowed with INSPIRE - Innovation in Science Pursuit for Inspired Research - fellowships. It is a venture of the department of science and technology, Government of India.Dr S S Randhawa, dean PG studies-cum-director of research, GADVASU, said this fellowship is awarded to attract talented students in the field of scientific research.\"The students have been awarded this fellowship to accomplish their research targets as part of their PhD programme,\" said Randhawa. While Moudgil has opted for research on parasitic diseases of captive wild animals under the guidance of Dr L D Singla, professor-cum-head of the department of veterinary parasitology, Singh will carry out research on prenatal development of major salivary glands in buffaloes under the guidance of Dr Opinder Singh, professor, department of veterinary anatomy.Sanchita Arora wins declamation contestSanchita Arora of BCom-II left others behind to win an inter-class declamation contest organized at Guru Nanak Girls College under the aegis of Ved Prachar Mandal on Thursday. In all, 15 students participated and elaborated on topics like \"Role of youth in national development\", \"Hope sustains life\" and \"Cultural imperialism\". The second and third prizes went to Suvidha Jethi and Sheetal Gaba- both BSc-II students. College president Gurbir Singh and principal Dr Charanjit Mahal awarded certificates and trophies to the winners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "jabalpur/bhopal", "code": "17236115", "title": "Farmers refuse to cremate Sunia\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s body, cane-charged", "text": "JABALPUR/BHOPAL: Police baton charged agitating farmers in Katni after they refused to cremate the body of Sunia Bai and threatened to perform her last rites in front of the chief minister's residence.The 50-year-old mother of two had set herself on fire on Tuesday after receiving a notice from the district administration to vacate 4.5 acres of family land for the proposed thermal power plant to be set up by Wellspun Energy Private Limited.The body was kept back for full 45 hours, till police forcibly took its possession from the belligerent crowd. The situation, sources said, could turn uglier with the company's resolve to resume construction work from Friday. The little hamlet is on its way to become a Mecca for politicians. Determined not to let JD (U) hijack the issue, with JD (U) ex-MLA Saroj Bacchan Nayak leading the movement and its president Sharad Yadav having addressed a public meeting on November 7, Congress has jumped in the fray.Meanwhile, Congress MLA of Vijay Raghavgarh, Sanjay Pathak told TOI that he had already met CM Shivraj Singh Chouhan twice to register his \"reservation about the land grabbing spree by the company and to ensure that Wellspun cuts down the plants size or relocate it so that the farmers, unwilling to part with their fertile land, are not forced to give up their claims\".A cautious sounding BJP MP Jitendra Singh Bundela from the area promised to \"intervene and settle the matter at the highest level\". Bundela, however, insisted that \"the dead woman's house was built on government land therefore the notice triggered off a panic attack she could not handle\". The incident, he said, had nothing to do with Wellspun.The statement has only angered the agitators. Ajay Saravgi the local JD (U) leader said, \"we have no faith in either the netas or the officers\". The MP, he said, has thrown his weight behind the company so they don't expect any support from him. \"So far as administration is concerned apart from sending a junior officer, the collector took 40 hours to reach the spot while the commissioner Jabalpur division has not condescended to show up even now,\" he claimed.\"Last year from environment day on June 5 we began a rotation sit in by five farmers each on Katni Barhi highway, which lasted full six months but not even a peon visited the spot,\" complained Bindeshwari Patel, another farmer leader. \"Then we sat before the DM's residence for three months and were sent packing. For last one month farmers have been sitting on unlit pyres in their field and apart from doling out threats and warnings the local administration has done nothing,\" he said.Industry minister Kailash Vijayvargiya, when contacted, not only sounded ignorant about the development but also played it down. \"It is a relatively minor issue,\" he said and added that he has sought a detailed report from the collector and then would take necessary steps.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17234938", "title": "Court quashes cases against victims of Vachathi incident", "text": "CHENNAI: Bringing final relief to victims of atrocities by forest and police officers in Vachathi village, the Madras high court has quashed the rioting and intimidation cases registered against 104 tribal residents of the village, saying they were malicious proceedings.Justice G M Akbar Ali, describing the infamous Vachathi case as a modern day tragedy bringing to mind the stone-age atrocities, said, \"For the past two decades, 104 persons were dragged to the court on a complaint which was obviously obtained and registered only after the commission of the atrocity in Vachathi village.\"Vachathi incident hit the national headlines, both when the atrocities came to light and when 215 officials from forest, police and revenue departments were sent to jail for various offences ranging from assault to rape.On June 20, 1992 more than 300 forest, police and revenue officials swooped on the tribal hamlet in Dharmapuri village and unleashed terror, ransacking hutments and assaulting and raping women.While more than 100 persons suffered injuries, at least 18 women were reportedly raped. The atrocities came to light after activists took up the matter. In September last year, a trial court found 215 officials guilty of various offences.The present case relates to cases of rioting, assault and intimidation registered against 104 villagers, including 75 women, to ensure that the atrocities were never reported by the victims. Chargesheet in the case was filed in 1999.For the past 13 years there has been no progress in the case. Justice Akbar Ali, recording submissions of the victims and their counsel, said, \"Obviously, more than 75 women were included without any basis... Though chargesheet has been filed, I have no hesitation to hold that the entire proceedings are attended with malafide and no purpose would be served if the proceedings are allowed to be continued and, that too, after 20 years of the alleged incident.\"K Elango, counsel for the tribals, submitted that the false case was foisted on tribals in order to divert the public attention from the 'ruthless atrocities and unprecedented havoc' committed on illiterate and defenceless people. For the past 20 years, the tribals were harassed though speedy trial was their fundamental right, he said.Government advocate M F Shabana, however, said the trial could not commence because of the non-cooperation by the tribals, though the chargesheet was filed in 1999 itself.Justice Akbar Ali pointed out that the high court could quash criminal proceedings in exercise of its power to prevent abuse of process of court or to secure the ends of justice. Such power, of course, should be exercised sparingly, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "canacona", "code": "17234706", "title": "Seabird oustees stage 'rasta roko' at Karwar", "text": "CANACONA: Oustees of the Karwar Seabird project took out a rally and staged a 'rasta roko' in front of the Arga main gate of the Naval base, in Karwar on Thursday.Satish Sail, social worker and Karnataka pradesh Congress committee (KPCC) member, led the rally from Mahasati temple Arga to the Arga main gate.The rallyists were waiting for the deputy commissioner (DC) of Karwar to visit the place and receive their memorandum addressed to the Karnataka chief minister. But DC Inconglow Zameer did not visit the spot to receive the memorandum as she was busy in a meeting of revenue officials and sent the assistant commissioner (AC) in her place.When the agitators came to know that the DC did not turn up, they refused to give the memorandum to the AC and sat on the NH 17, blocking traffic on both sides for more than three hours.The adamant behaviour of the DC is ridicules said Sail. Evacuees are waiting for justice for the last 27 years and why can't the DC spare 27 minutes, he questioned. The government is cruel and what we want from the government is early disposal of pending cases and to refrain the defence ministry from filing a revision petition against the SC judgment of paying compensation at Rs 11,500 per guntha with all other statutory benefits.When police officers urged agitators not to stage the rasta roko since it was inconveniencing tourists and passersby who are innocent citizens, the agitators refused to obey.\"We have sacrificed everything for the nation. If the police want, they can arrest us but unless we get an assurance in writing we are not leaving the place,\" said the agitators.Later, the AC Pushpalata succeeded in convincing agitators by agreeing to give in writing to dispose off all pending cases by the end of December.Special land acquisition official Venkatesh gave in writing on the spot stating that the SLAO will serve notices from November 23 and that hearings would start from 2nd week of December.Thereafter, the agitators dispersed from the place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17235271", "title": "Bodies recovered in Badarpur canal crash", "text": "NEW DELHI: The bodies of two people who had drowned in the Agra canal in Badarpur after their car fell inside, have been recovered. The deceased, Raju (25) and Deepak (18), were both residents of Molarband Extension near Badarpur.While the body of Raju was recovered 4km away at Faridabad, Deepak's body was recovered 15km away from Ballabgarh. The third occupant and the owner of the car, Manish, was saved by passerby within minutes of the incident on Wednesday. The locals have expressed their displeasure at the manner in which the rescue operation was conducted. According to sources, the men were learning to drive.\"After the incident was reported, the PCR call first went to Faridabad police at 5.30 am and their team reached the spot. By the time they realized that Delhi police should investigate into the case, it was late. By the time Delhi police reached the spot with the fire brigade, it was already 7.30pm. The rescue effort would have been different had the police team arrived on time,'' said Sunil Sharma, an employee of NTPC .Delhi police, however, deny of any problem with their phone lines. \"The mobile towers are spread across districts. It is only in the border areas of Badarpur that such once in a while such problems crop up,\" said a seniorcop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17236417", "title": "City had highest Diwali pollution level", "text": "NOIDA: Air pollution levels on Diwali night were found to be the highest in Pusa and Noida in the Delhi-NCR region as per data compiled by the Union ministry of earth sciences. Monitoring of air pollution conducted over a four-day period from November 11 to 14 reveals that air quality had reached critical levels, particularly in a two-hour period between 11pm on Tuesday and 1am on Wednesday.Air quality monitoring was conducted across eight locations in Delhi-NCR by the Pune-based Indian Institute of Tropical Meteorology through a programme called SAFAR (System of Air-Quality Forecasting and Research). Data released by SAFAR stated that the 24-hour average level of PM2.5 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d fine particulate matters less than 2.5 micrometres in size \u00e2\u20ac\u201d at Pusa on Tuesday was 682 micrograms per cubic metre. \"This level is more than 2.5 times higher than the critical or very unhealthy level. It's the highest in the last three years,\" said Dr Gufran Beig, programme director of SAFAR.Noida recorded the second-highest 24-hour average levels of PM2.5 this year with over 500 micrograms per cubic metre. PM10 levels during the two-hour period on Tuesday-Wednesday was the highest, at above 4,000 microgram per cubic meter, at the Pusa monitoring station.SAFAR has categorized the air quality index at these stations on Diwali as critical or very unhealthy for crossing the benchmark of 400 units.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17241597", "title": "Preventive steps could reduce preterm births", "text": "Lowering preterm birth rates by an average of 5 per cent across 39 high-resource countries, including the United States , through preventive measures would prevent prematurity for 58,000 babies a year by 2015, according to experts .In an article published in The Lancet to coincide with the second annual World Prematurity Day, the expert group said prevention of preterm birth also could save billions in economic costs.\"Governments and health professionals in these 39 countries need to know that wider use of proven interventions can help more women have healthy pregnancies and healthy babies,\" lead author Hannah H. Chang, MD, PhD, a consultant for The Boston Consulting Group (BCG) said.\"A 5 per cent reduction in the preterm birth rate is an important first step,\" Chang saidChristopher Howson, PhD, vice president of Global Programs for the March of Dimes , a co-author said that the preterm birth rate in the US currently is on the decline, but for this trend to continue, \"it's critical that high-resource countries such as ours focus vigorously on prevention.\"The authors of The Lancet article said that five proven interventions, when combined, would lower the preterm rate across 39 countries from an average 9.6 percent of live births to 9.1 percent, and save about 3 billion dollars in health and economic costs.One of the ways is by eliminating early cesarean deliveries and inductions of labor unless medically necessary. The other by decreasing multiple embryo transfers during assisted reproductive technologies.Thirdly, helping women quit smoking. Provide progesterone supplementation to women with high risk pregnancies and cervical cerclage for high-risk women with short cervix.\"The means to reduce the risk of preterm birth by 5 per cent are already available,\" Catherine Y. Spong, MD, Associate Director for Extramural Research, Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development says.\"Continued research into the causes of preterm birth has the potential to reduce the proportion of infants born preterm even further,\" she added.Preterm birth, birth before 37 weeks completed gestation, is the leading cause of newborn death, and babies who survive an early birth often face a lifetime of health challenges, including breathing problems, cerebral palsy , motor and intellectual disabilities and others.The study is published in the scientific journal The Lancet .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17234973", "title": "DU student caught with drugs at IGI", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Delhi University student was on Thursday apprehended from the Indira Gandhi International airport for allegedly carrying narcotic drugs worth Rs 12 lakh.Security agencies identified the person as one C Laltalnpuia (20) hailing from Manipur. He was scheduled to board a flight to Guwahati when he was intercepted by a CISF check squad at the Terminal-3 of the IGI around 11am.The suspicious movement of the passenger led the CISF personnel to subject him to detailed frisking which led to the recovery of 16 kg tablets of pseudoephedrine, a popular narcotic stimulant, from his bag, a senior official said.The passenger informed the security personnel that he resides with his wife in Janakpuri and that he was a student of the Delhi University.\"He informed the agencies that an agent gave him Rs 20,000 to do the job including to and fro tickets between Delhi and Guwahati. He was told to hand over the contraband to another person in Guwahati,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17238901", "title": "Hansika joins Settai shoot", "text": "UTV Motion Pictures producing Settai starring Arya, Hansika, Santhanam, Anjali, Premgi and Nasser in the lead roles is shaping up well. Hansika HAS joined the crew as her shoots for the movie have started and she shot her first scene for the movie.Makers are happy about the outcome and planning to launch the audio album in coming December. Settai is done with its talkie parts, as director R. Kannan shot the last scene for the film on Nov 14.Sources said, \"Arya, Santhanam and Premgi rocked and the scenes have came out very well. Kannan somehow managed to shoot at OMR, North Chennai behind huge crowd and completed all the scenes.\"Thaman is composing the music for Settai. The music album of Settai has 5 songs penned by Na. Muthukumar, Thamari and Madhan Karky.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17236522", "title": "Manali-Sarchu road closed for winters", "text": "SHIMLA: Border Road Organization (BRO) declared early closure of the alternate road to Leh that passes over Rohtang pass because of early snowfall in the high passes of Rohtang and Baralacha. Commanding officer BRO at Manali, Col Yogesh Naiyar said, \"The Manali-Sarchu road has been officially declared closed to traffic.\"In charge of critical border roads, BRO under Deepak Project is responsible for developing and maintaining vital roads along the India-China border along the disputed MacMohan line in Jammu &amp; Kashmir, Himachal Pradesh and parts of Uttarakhand.Early snow had even stalled the last leg of Raid de Himalaya, a cross country motorsport rally, at Leh in the second week of October.The road would only be opened for traffic in May or June, stated a BRO communique.Normally, the road to Leh through Manbali, which passes through four of the world's highest passes, is kept open from June to October. However, this year, BRO had difficulty in keeping it open for traffic in the last week of October.To construct an all weather road into the land locked valley of Lahaul, BRO was digging up an 8km tunnel under Rohtang pass. The tunnel is scheduled to be commissioned in 2014.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17242044", "title": "Delhi hold edge as Baroda set to miss skipper Yusuf Pathan", "text": "NEW DELHI: Hosts Delhi will like to consolidate their position in Group B as they take on a depleted Baroda side in the third round Ranji Trophy encounter at the Feroz Shah Kotla from Saturday.Having lost their first match against Uttar Pradesh with a full-strength side, a relatively younger side led by Shikhar Dhawan made amends against minnows Odisha by getting seven points and are now second in the points table behind UP.Delhi side will be boosted by the presence of their 'Man for all seasons' Rajat Bhatia and the crafty Ashish Nehra who will be coming into the playing XI.Baroda, on the other hand, will be missing their skipper Yusuf Pathan who had sustained a finger injury and has been ruled out of this game.With their star all-rounder Irfan Pathan also going out for a month due to knee injury, the onus will be on seasoned pro Ambati Rayudu who will be leading the side in Yusuf's absence.\"Obviously they (Pathan brothers) are big players and their absence will be felt but we need to learn to live without them. There are times in the past when Baroda have played without them. We have some quality players who are expected to do well,\" coach Sanath Kumar told the reporters on the eve of the match.For Delhi coach Vijay Dahiya and skipper Shikhar Dhawan, the bone of contention will be the player whom Nehra will replace.\"Rajat is coming back in place of Mohit Sharma but we haven't decided who will be the other player whom Ashish will replace,\" Dahiya told reporters.It can be one of the left-arm spinners between Vikas Mishra or Manan Sharma but even India A pacer Parvinder Awana is not a certainty.\"We had decided at the start of the season that we will be rotating our pacers. Pawan Suyal bowled brilliantly in the last match and Narwal has had a consistent all-round performance. We will also rest Narwal but not now,\" Dahiya kept cards close to his chest.\"Awana is also a match-winner in his own rights but Delhi side is not about making statement to national selectors. That combination will play which is the best in the interest of the team.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17235303", "title": "27-year-old injured in mishap", "text": "PUNE: A 27-year-old man was severely injured when the motorcycle he was riding in the wrong direction was hit by an on-coming state transport bus. The incident took place around 9 am on Thursday at a junction on Karve road, near Kalmadi House.Jaideep Vijay Muley, from Hingne Khurd, is undergoing treatment at the Sanjeevan hospital in Erandwane.Sub-inspector V R Bhosale, of the Deccan Gymkhana police station, said, \"The Thane-bound bus from Swargate was passing through Karve road when the bus driver spotted Muley coming in the wrong direction. Muley suddenly took a turn to enter the lane. In a bid to save the motorcyclist, the bus driver swerved the bus and ended up hitting the divider. However, the left side of the bus hit the motorcycle and it came under the rear wheels of the bus.\"A former bank employee, Muley was flung to a distance of few meters due to the impact. He sustained severe head injuries and fractures on the leg. Muley was in a semi-conscious state and was bleeding profusely when he was rushed to the nearby Sanjeevan hospital. His condition is said to be critical and has been put on ventilator support.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17234580", "title": "Sehwag slams 117, Pujara nears century as top England spinner proves a point", "text": "AHMEDABAD: So India finally got what they wanted \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a track on which their batsmen could come into their own. However, the slow turn and slight uneven bounce helped England spinner Graeme Swann to pull things back a bit for England.Scorecard | Match in PicsIndia's spinners Ashwin and Ojha must be licking their lips in anticipation, but for the moment India are 323/4 in their first innings at close on Day One of the first Test against England at the Motera.Swann bagged all four wickets to fall on the day and also became the most successful England off-spinner with 196 wickets, surpassing Jim Laker (193), Fred Titmus (153) and John Emburey's (147) tally.India's innings was built largely around Virender Sehwag's 23rd Test hundred (117), Cheteshwar Pujara's watchful, unbeaten 98 and Gautam Gambhir's 45.Yuvraj Singh , playing his first Test after a year of battling with cancer, was batting on 24 with Pujara. Sachin Tendulkar and Virat Kohli were unfortunate to get out cheaply for 13 and 19 respectively.Openers Sehwag and Gambhir gave India a sound start after India elected to bat first, putting on 134 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d their first century stand since Centurion in 2010-2011.This was also the duo's 11th century partnership, surpassing Sunil Gavaskar and Chetan Chauhan's 10 as openers. Both started cautiously, picking up singles and twos and pushing and punching the odd one to vacant areas.But Sehwag soon shifted gears, and apart from the occasional troublesome delivery from Stuart Broad or James Anderson seemed in fine fettle.England's seamers kept spraying the ball either side of the wicket and India went to lunch at 120 for no loss. Sehwag, though more watchful than his usual self, was the more dominating of the two, reaching his 50 off 45 balls with seven hits to the fence and racing to 79 (66b; 12x4, 1x6) by lunch. Gambhir was then on 37.The second session, though, belonged to England, with 'keeper Prior in the thick of things. First he managed to get a little bit of glove to a glide down the leg from Sehwag off Anderson.Then he fumbled and missed an easy stumping after Swann dragged Gambhir out and beat him.But it didn't prove too costly for England as Swann sent Gambhir back in the very next over, exploiting the batsman's tendency to cut straight balls by getting one to spin a bit, keep a little low and skid through to the off stump.From then on, it was Swann all the way. He was the only bowler who looked capable of rattling the Indians and every batsman who tried to attack him became his victim. First it was Gambhir, and then Sehwag, Tendulkar and Kohli.Sehwag tried to slog sweep a delivery from Swann that was pitched outside off and got bowled. Tendulkar mistimed an on-drive and holed out to midwicket.Kohli was caught in no-man's land, neither fully forward nor back, as the ball spun between bat and pad to disturb the stumps after having survived a grassed opportunity by Jonathan Trott at slip.Pujara started fluently, showing his class and range of strokes to race to a half-century, but then, along with Kohli, found the going tough against Swann. He managed, however, to hang in there and is now only two runs away from a century to remember.Key moments that went India's way (Compiled by Amit Karmarkar)Luck seemed to go the way of Dhoni's men on Thursday. Sure, MSD won the toss and the ball seemed reluctant to bounce above knee level. But some key moments may end up having a huge bearing on the eventual result of the game...3rd over: Gambhir almost dragged an Anderson delivery on to the stumps but survived.4th over: Sehwag tried to drive Broad, missed, and the ball almost kissed the off-stump before beating keeper Matt Prior for a bye.7th over: England complained about the shape of the ball to an umpire, but it was not changed. The ball was changed only in the 68th over, taking away the miniscule possibility of generating some reverse swing.25th over: Sehwag's lofted attempt off Broad was miscued. But the ball didn't loop to mid-on. Anderson was a fraction late to take the chance.29th over: Sehwag's glide dropped by 'keeper Prior off Anderson in the first over after lunch.30th over: Prior failed to collect the ball as Gambhir advanced to Swann and missed and a stumping chance went abegging.35th over: Pujara beaten by Anderson. He was all squared up but managed to save his wicket.37th over: Pujara (8) got a leading edge off Bresnan but the ball sailed over mid-on.67th over: Kohli (5) was beaten by Swann while attempting a cut shot. The edge travelled fast to first slip but Trott grassed the opportunity, and then pretended he had caught it.89th over: A Broad delivery brushed Yuvi's inside edge before hitting the left leg.90th over: Anderson induced an edge from Pujara but the ball travelled wide of second slip for four.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17236640", "title": "Sara wins Kanak Prashasthi", "text": "HUBLI: Writer Sara Aboobakker and 10 others were nominated for the 'Kanak Prashasthi-2012' award by Kanak Panchami Sanskritika Utsav Samiti-2012.Chandrakanth Bijjargi, C S Dwarakanath, K M Metri, K Virupakshappa, S Naganna, Nagaraj Menasagi, Shankaranna Munavalli, Anand Appugol and Siddanna Meti were also nominated from various sectors for the award. The award will be distributed at a function to be held at Dr Patil Puttappa Sabhabhavan in Vidhyavardhak Sangh of Dharwad on December 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17239642", "title": "Indian woman refused abortion dies: Govt to take up matter with Ireland", "text": "NEW DELHI: India will take up with Ireland the issue of death of an Indian woman dentist there after doctors allegedly refused to terminate her 17-week-long pregnancy on the ground that it was a \"Catholic country\".Indian ambassador to Ireland will raise the issue with the Irish government on Friday.India was awaiting the results of two probes ordered by Irish authorities in the matter and will \"take it from there,\" official spokesperson in the ministry of external affairs had said yesterday, adding the country was \"concerned\" over the circumstances in which Savita Halappanavar died.Meanwhile, commenting on BJP's strong reaction on the matter, external affairs minister Salman Khurshid said one needs to be very careful about the \"choice of words\" while dealing with a tragedy.\"It is extremely sad and unfortunate. Whatever the inquiry does, human loss cannot be compensated,\" he said, adding the country might like to reflect upon some positions afresh so that such things do not happen, not only with Indian nationals but also with their own citizens.The Embassy of Ireland issued a statement here yesterday, saying the Irish government, at the highest level, was committed to establishing the full circumstances and facts surrounding the incident.Halappanavar, 31, died in Ireland due to blood poisoning after doctors allegedly refused to terminate her 17-week-long pregnancy, telling her that \"this is a Catholic country\".The Embassy of Ireland said, \"The Irish Prime Minister and the Minister for Health spoke on the matter in Irish Parliament yesterday and expressed their deepest condolences to the husband and family of Mrs Halappanavar.\"The Irish government, at the highest level, is committed to establishing the full circumstances and facts surrounding Mrs Halappanavar's tragic death.\"Savita's husband Praveen Halappanavar, an engineer at Boston Scientific in Galway, told Irish media that his wife had asked several times over a three-day period that the pregnancy be terminated.This was refused, he said, because the fetal heartbeat was still present and they were told \"this is a Catholic country\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17235264", "title": "State offers to cover fee hike for backward class students", "text": "PUNE: Students from backward classes can heave a sigh of relief as the state government has decided to pay the 7% hike in fees, on their behalf, for professional courses offered by private colleges.The directorate of technical education (DTE) has said the additional fees will be paid by the government so that the students don't have to bear the burden. The hike is applicable for students who are studying in 2009-10 course, the Shikshan Shulka Samiti has said.Rajesh Tope, minister for higher and technical education, told TOI on Thursday that students from backward classes will not have to pay the difference in fees as the government will pay it on their behalf. The Samiti revised fees for professional courses, like engineering, polytechnic, etc.Tope said, \"The social welfare department and the tribal development department have agreed to share the cost of the fees along with the DTE.\" The decision was taken following requests by students, parents and colleges to the state government.The government passed the order based on the draft minutes of the Samiti's meeting. However, the hike recommended by the fee panel has already been implemented by colleges.\"Every year, we decide on an interim fee for fresh batches. The fees are finalised by the middle of the term and colleges either return any extra fee charged or take additional fees required to match the hike,\" said a panel official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17235148", "title": "Statewide launch of e-fund management system for MGNREGA wage payments", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Five months after launching the e-fund management system (e-FMS) in Ganjam, Gajapati and Mayurbhanj districts to speed up payment of wages to workers employed under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MGNREGA), the state government on Thursday rolled out the service in other parts of the state.Through e-FMS, wages will be electronically credited directly to the beneficiaries' bank accounts a day after the transaction, doing away with the erstwhile time-consuming payment system.The use of information technology also rules out role of middlemen. Earlier, there were complaints of delay in wage payment and middlemen eating into labourers' share.\"The full-fledged introduction of e-FMS will reduce delay in payment and eliminate middlemen menace. We can monitor the payment system electronically,\" said secretary of Panchayati Raj department Aparajita Sarangi.On the launch day of e-FMS, Rs 1,305,805 was credited to the accounts of a number of beneficiaries.There are about 62 lakh MGNREGA job cardholders in Odisha. While 57% of them get their wages through banks, others get their money via postal department. \"Those beneficiaries, having accounts in post offices, would soon be covered under e-FMS. We have already started the initiative but there are some problems,\" said state finance secretary J K Mohapatra.The Reserve Bank of India's deputy governor H R Khan said banks have been asked to open as many ATMs in rural areas for making money-withdrawal convenient for beneficiaries.Though the Centre had piloted e-FMS in Karnataka, Gujarat, Rajasthan and Odisha in 2010, Odisha is the first to roll out the service after its successful dry run at Sheragada block in Ganjam district in 2010-11. RBI's Khan had introduced the scheme in Ganjam, Gajapati and Mayurbhanj on June 29 this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "majuli (assam)", "code": "17239341", "title": "Three, including ULFA militant, killed in Majuli encounter", "text": "MAJULI (Assam): An ULFA militant and two others were killed while two persons were injured in an encounter between extremists and security personnel in Majuli river island on Thursday.One of the dead has been identified as ULFA cadre Rajiv Das. It is yet to be ascertained if the two others - Goda Pegu and Bhaben Pegu - belonged to the ULFA.The injured were identified as ULFA linkman Bogai Das and a minor Ropan ToplaiActing on a tip-off about presence of a group of ULFA militants in the house of a linkman in south Majuli, a joint team of the police and CRPF personnel launched a joint operation in the Ahatguri area of the island, police sources said.The militants opened fire at the security personnel in a bid to escape and an encounter followed in which three persons were killed and two, including the ULFA linkman and a minor, were seriously injured.The dead and the injured were brought to Jorhat Medical College Hospital by helicopter.A combing operation in and around the encounter site was continuing, the sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "simdega", "code": "17234994", "title": "Peoples Liberation Front of India men kill BJP workerin Simdega", "text": "Simdega: A local BJP worker was gunned down at his home by suspected Peoples Liberation Front of India (PLFI) Ultras in Jharkhand's Simdega district, police said on Thursday.The armed ultras forcibly entered the house of Saryu Yadav, president of BJP's Simdega block committee, at Banavira village late on Wednesday and pumped a bullet into his chest killing him on the spot.His wife Suman Devi also suffered serious bullet injuries, the police said. Yadav was the third BJP block president in the district killed by the extremists in the last six years. agencies", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17234386", "title": "Sunburn festival gets in-principle approval in Goa", "text": "PANAJI: The government has granted an in-principle approval to Sunburn, a three-day music festival hosted in Candolim every year on December 27, 28, and 29. Speaking to TOI, tourism minister Dilip Parulekar confirmed the approval, adding that the \"final approval will be accorded once the cabinet approves the single window system, which will grant permission to any music event in the state\".The single window committee will be headed by the chief minister, the tourism minister will be the vice-chairman and the tourism secretary, tourism director, representatives of police and the transport department and both collectors will be members.\"The single window system proposal will be put forward for approval at the next cabinet meeting,\" said Parulekar.He said that the promoters of Sunburn have to fulfill all the conditions stipulated by the committee to get the final approval.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17235061", "title": "Inspectors to create database of criminals", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Routine assignments apart, inspectors of police stations would carry the onus of successful implementation of proposed Crime Criminal Tracking Network and Systems (CCTNS) that envisages creation of a national database of crime and criminals through their biometric profiles to enable easy sharing of information across police stations in Odisha and other states.\"IICs and OICs of police stations should be held accountable for successful implementation of the project,\" director SCRB-cum-nodal officer of CCTNS M Akhaya told TOI after holding an interaction with senior police officers of Bhubaneswar on Thursday.Apart from the 20 police stations here, the CCTNS project would be rolled out to the offices of commissioner of police, deputy commissioner of police and assistant commissioners of police in Bhubaneswar, which is a pilot location along with Angul where the system is likely to go on stream by December 25. Altogether 580 police stations in the state would be covered under the project.While all police officers in the city recently underwent a basic training on IT, they would learn their respective roles from next week. \"We would soon start the role-based training. Each personnel would be taught about his responsibility,\" Akhaya said, adding \"the BSNL would soon complete the networking system.\"Cuttack, which is part of the commissionerrate police, would be covered under the pilot project later. \"Initially, we target to launch the service in one urban (Bhubaneswar) and one rural (Angul district) area by December 25. Cuttack and other cities would be covered later,\" the senior IPS officer said.Though launched in 2008, the CCTNS project was scheduled to be completed by 2011. Under CCTNS, each police station will be provided with a digitized fingerprint reader to collect biometric database of all criminals. The databank could be used by various law enforcement agencies across the country. At present, the fingerprints are collected manually.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17235018", "title": "Bhubaneswar teen aims for reality show crown", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: After Prince Dance Group, another dancer from Odisha is aspiring to win a prestigious reality show.Thirteen-year-old M Sumanth from Bhubaneswar has danced his way into the final of the event that would be telecast on Saturday. While his fate depends on the SMS of spectators, his family is optimistic that the crown would go to him. \"I hope that the people of the country would continue voting for him as they have done so far helping him reach this stage,\" said Sumanth's father M Jagdish Rao, a railway employee.Sumanth would perform with his dance partner Sonali (7) from West Bengal in the finals. A Class XII at Kendriya Vidyalaya-III, Sumanth had the penchant for dance from childhood. His family stood by his passion and got him admitted to a dance school in the city. \"He is equally good with modern as well as salsa. He has also the wish to learn classical dances,\" Sumanth's mother M Radha said.Rao's colleagues in the East Coast Railways have launched campaign seeking votes for Sumanth. \"Since he is the lone contestant from Odisha, we should all encourage him and pray for his success. He seeks maximum votes between 10 pm on Saturday and 10 am on Sunday,\" said Bobin Mohanty, general secretary of East Coast Railway Engineers Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "17235064", "title": "Industries, mines pollute Baitarani in Keonjhar", "text": "Keonjhar: Baitarani, considered the lifeline of the district, is gradually drying up owing to rapid industrialization and intensive mining operations.The once crystal clean water of the river, which is the main source of irrigation in the district, has turned reddish black as effluents from factories are being dumped continuously into the river. Heavy sedimentation has raised the river bed too.The river is seen as a convenient dumping ground for waste and toxic products by private companies. One such company in Naygada has been allegedly polluting the river and its surrounding environment, including reserve forest areas, by using them as its dump yard. This in turn is affecting thousands of tribal people living in the area.Many people in the area think the company is doing this in connivance with the gram panchayat and the state pollution control board. \"Several complaints from our side have fallen on the district administration's deaf ears,\" said Sama Munda, sarpanch of Nayagarda GP.Strong political connections are seen to be working as shield for such companies flouting environment rules.Bishikesan Nayak, regional officer at Orissa Pollution Control Board, said he has received complaints about river pollution. Each company has its earmarked place for dumping factory wastes and if any entity is not abiding by rules, it would definitely face the music.\"If the company is flouting laws and spreading pollution and causing harm to human or ecology, then action will be taken,\" Nayak said.Baitarani, which runs 360 km before falling into the Bay of Bengal , forms a network of water bodies with its 64 tributaries. Besides helping in irrigation, the river is also a source of sustenance for thousands of fishermen.The upper part of the basin is rich in minerals and hence most-eyed spot for industries. Natural mineral resources like chromites, iron ore, manganese, pyrophillite and quartzite are among minerals available in the 32 mines which are currently being operated here.Sanatan Mohakud, a social worker from Bamebari, said, \"Due to the massive solid waste generated from different mines and industries, massive soil erosion due to mass deforestation, the river is being destroyed. The river bed is gradually shrinking... On the other hand, the river is drying owing to industries and mines using ground and underground water from the river basin.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17240993", "title": "Family members, sitting MPs in Samajwadi Party's first list of Lok Sabha elections", "text": "LUCKNOW: Taking a head start, the ruling Samajwadi Party (SP) in Uttar Pradesh (UP) on Friday declared the first list of 55 candidates for the 2014 Lok Sabha elections. There are total 80 seats in UP. The first list include names of SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav and other members of his family besides some sitting MPs and MLAs. Though the elections are due in 2014, the SP has announced candidates to help them groom constituencies.The party had also announced the names of candidates for 2014 assembly elections almost a year in advance, which SP leaders claim helped party with with absolute majority.SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav will contest from Mainpuri. Mulayam's daughter-in-law Dimple from Kannauj. Dimple was elected from Kannauj in by-elections held in June. The seat had fallen vacant after her husband Akhilesh Yadav resigned to take over as chief minister. SP general secretary Ram Gopal Yadav's son Akshay Yadav will make his political debut from Ferozabad.In 2009, Mulayam's son Akhilesh had contested from Kannauj as well as Ferozabad and had won from both the places. Later, he resigned from Ferozabad. The SP feilded Dimple in by-elections but was defeated by Congress candidate and Mulayam's friend-turned-foe, Raj Babbar. It was a set back for the SP as Ferozabad iwas it stronghold. Dimple later contested from Kannauj.Besides family members, the SP has given tickets to some stalwarts as well. Neeraj Shakehar, son of former prime minister Chandrashekhar, will contest from Ballia again. He is also sitting MP from Ballia. State assembly speaker Mata Prasad Pandey has been given ticket from Domariaganj. At present, Congress's Jagdambika Pal represents Domariaganj in Lok Sabha. Kirti Vardhan Singh has been given ticket from Gonda.Singh, two times MP from Gonda on SP ticket, had switched over to the BSP in 2009 but lost to Congress's Beni Prasad Verma (also a friend-turned-foe of Mulayam). Now Singh is back in SP. Kirti's father Anand Singh is minister in Akhilesh Yadav government and had represented Gonda as MP three times on Congress ticket in the past.The SP has also given tickets to some sitting MLAs and wives of other leaders of the party. Dharmendra Yadav, Mulayam's nephew and sitting MP from Budaun, has been given ticket again. At present, Congress's Jagdambika Pal represents Domariaganj in Lok Sabha. Significantly, this time, the SP has given tickets to candidates from Baghpat and Mathura, the constituencies represented by Rashtriya Lok Dal (RLD) chief Ajit Singh and his son Jayant respectively.In 2009, Lok Sabha polls, the SP had not fielded any candidate against Jayant as a goodwill gesture. The SP has already announed not to field any candidate against the Congress president, Sonia Gandhi.The release of the first list of candidates by the SP is being seen in the political circles as Mulayam's message to the people as well as the Congress led UPA government that the present Lok Sabha will not complete its full five year term. Mulayam, political analysts said, wants early elections because it will help him cash on the popularity which helped party win UP assembly elections.If elections are held as per schedule in 2014, Mulayam fears that apart from opposition parties, the SP will also have to fight anti-incumbency factor against Akhilesh's government in the state. Mulayam, who harbours prime ministerial ambitions, has set a target of winning 60 seats out of 80 in UP, so that he can play a crucial role in formation of government at the Centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17236059", "title": "SHRC moved over child rape case", "text": "HYDERABAD: Alleging that a case pertaining to the rape of a child was being hushed up by the government authorities concerned, a social organisation approached the state human rights commission.In a petition filed before the commission, the organisation said that a class IV girl at a government school in Kowthalam mandal in Kurnool district was allegedly raped by her teacher D C H Babu Rao in August.P Prasanthi, state programme director, AP Mahila Samatha Society, who filed the petition said that in spite of the incident coming to light in August, the district police department had failed to register a complaint till date.She alleged that the mandal revenue officer was sitting on the medical report of the victim with an intention to protect the culprit.The petitioner demanded that action be taken against the culprit by registering an FIR by the police officials concerned. Admitting the case, the commission ordered the SP of Kurnool district to direct the inspector of Kowthalam police station to inquire into the incident and submit a report by December 6. The commission also directed the collector to inquire into the allegations against the mandal revenue officer and submit a report to the commission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17240424", "title": "Salman cancels shoot, off to Mumbai to see Thackeray", "text": "Salman Khan called off the shooting of his film upcoming flick Dabangg 2 on Thursday and rushed to meet the critically ill Shiv Sena supremo Bal Thackeray .Even Karan Johar cancelled the photoshoot of his film at Mehboob Studio. There were some who called off the shooting voluntarily while there were others who were forced to stop shoot by cine wing of the Shiv Sena. Ramgopal Varma's film on 26/11 terror attack shooting in South Mumbai was stopped. Shootings of TV serials in film city, Madh Island and Mehboob were stopped.A member of Maharashtra Cine and Television Sena said, \"We stopped the shooting of Karan Johar's film Yeh Jawani Hai Diwani at Film City. Also shooting of television serials like Crime Patrol and Shapath were cancelled.\"Dinesh Chaturvedi of Federation of Western India Cine Employees said,\"People are praying for Bal Thackeray but, there is no need to stop shooting forcibly as it is many of them cancelled shootings on their own.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "sivaganga", "code": "17234834", "title": "AIADMK man, son, driver murdered in Sivaganga", "text": "SIVAGANGA: An AIADMK leader, his 12-year-old son and driver were hacked to death by a gang in Sivaganga district on Wednesday night in what is suspected to be a case of political rivalry.Police said M G Kathiresan (45), AIADMK Sivaganga district students' wing secretary, along with son Prasanna (12), daughter Nikila (7) and driver Boominathan (30), was returning to Sivaganga after visiting his native Pagai Anjaan village in a car when they were attacked at Nedunkulam around 10.15pm. Kathiresan, Prasanna and Boominathan died on the spot, while Nikilahas been admitted to a Madurai hospital with grievous injuries.The police have booked cases against more than 30 people, including Sivaganga CPI MLA S Gunasekaran, on charges of murder.Police said the case against the MLA was based on a complaint from Kathiresan's relatives and they are yet to get any conclusive evidence about his involvement in the attack.\"It is too early to say anything about suspects or motive. A case has been registered based on the complaint. We have just begun the investigation and the culprits would be arrested soon,\" said Sivaganga superintendent of police M Panneerselvam. A statement from chief minister J Jayalalithaa said Kathiresan was murdered due to previous enmity. Jayalalithaa said she was grief-stricken by the triple murder and added that the culprits would be brought to book. Police said Kathiresan had personal and political rivals.Shops were shut in many places across Sivaganga and bus services were suspended in parts of the district. Schools in some sensitive areas remained closed for the day.Eyewitnesses said after stopping the car, the gang members indiscriminately hacked its occupants and fled the spot. Passing motorists informed police and called ambulance. But the three died instantly, while Nikila was rushed to a private hospital in Madurai.DIG Ramasubramani and SP Panneerselvam visited the spot and conducted inquiries. The relatives of Kathiresan staged a protest on Thursday demanding Gunasekaran's arrest. Kathiresan's brother Krishnan alleged that Gunasekaran was upset about Kathiresan's growing clout in Sivaganga. There was friction between the two during the civic elections last year. AIADMK ministers, including cooperative minister Sellur K Raju, visited Sivaganga and paid tributes to Kathiresan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17235324", "title": "Fat packages, interesting profiles lure Panjab University engineers", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Expanding their horizon from purely engineering positions to that of strategists and business analysts, Panjab University engineering students are opting for interesting profiles promising a fat paycheck this placement season.The on-campus recruitment drive at University Institute of Engineering &amp; Technology (UIET) kicked off on a high note with two graduates landing an annual package of Rs 10 lakh and seven others getting Rs 7.5 lakh per annum.The highest paid students, mostly from computer sciences, have bagged profiles of business technology associates and business operation analysts. Out of 450 students eligible for placements, while 150 have already bagged job offers, some even have multiple offers in hand. \"Close to 17 companies have already visited the campus so far and 15 others are yet to arrive. The trend looks promising,\" said training and placement in-charge at UIET Manu Sharma.Ethi Chaudhary, a BTech student at UIET who landed an offer of Rs 7.5 lakh per annum with a consultancy firm, said, \"I liked the profile of a business operations analyst. Though I am a computer science student, I was not really interested in coding. Engineers are basically trained in problem solving and can be successful on other profiles too.\"Another CSE student Arushi Narang, who bagged the same package as Ethi's for a business technology analyst's profile, said, \"We have the option to sit for another recruitment process if we wish to opt for a job in our core subject.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17235930", "title": "Fapcci signs deal with Ukraine state Zaporizhya", "text": "Hyderabad: The Federation of Andhra Pradesh Chambers of Commerce &amp; Industry (Faphas inked a joint cooperation agreement with Ukraine's Zaporizhya regional state administration to establish and develop trade and economic relations between the two states.The agreement was inked by Fapcci president Devendra Surana and Zaporizhya regional state administration deputy head Goncharuk Petro in the presence of Ukraine's deputy ambassador to India Oleksii V Stepanov.Speaking on the occasion, Ukrainian envoy Oleksii V Stepanov said Ukraine was looking at regional cooperation with the Indian government as well as industrialists to strengthen bilateral trade between Ukraine and India. Here he pointed out that Indo-Ukraine bilateral trade has been growing strongly and has contributed over $58 million to imports and exports to just the Zaporozhye region alone.The Fapcci chief on the other hand said that Ukraine being a well-known manufacturer of world-class gas and steel turbines for thermal, hydel and nuclear power plants, as well as compressors, transformers, pumps, motors equipment for laying power transmission lines, was keen on exploring avenues of joint development of power projects in India.He also pointed out that there was a tremendous scope for cooperation in the areas of mechanical engineering, ship building, light industry, mining, metallurgy, steel, coking industry, construction of road and rail networks in India. He also highlighted investment opportunities in Andhra Pradesh in sectors like food and agro processing, floriculture, petrochemicals, metals, textiles, leather, mining, transport equipment and telecom.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "17234945", "title": "Villagers begin 'shramdan' on DC's request to repair road", "text": "Hazaribag: Hazaribag deputy commissioner Manish Ranjan on Thursday held a janata durbar at the site on the 12-km stretch of the Barkagaon-Keredari-Tandwa road connecting CCL's Piparwar coal mining project where hundreds of villagers were holding an agitation demanding construction and repair of the said road.The DC told the agitating villagers who were mostly farmers that since fresh tenders for the road have been floated it will take another fortnight or so to start the construction work. He said efforts should be made for filling up the 42 big pot holes by performing 'shramdan' so that the road becomes fit for movement of the vehicles.This was readily accepted by the villagers and the workers of various political parties including the Barkagaon MLA Yogendra Sahu. In order to encourage the villagers further into performing 'shramdan' without any delay, the DC himself started filling some of the big holes and ditches on the road.On seeing the DC offering 'shramdan' several CCL officials, including the general manager of the Piparwar Coal Mining Project, Prabhakar Chaki, MLA Sao, BDO and circle officer of Keredari, JMM district president Shivlal Mahato, Keredari pramukh Sanju Devi and several members of the zila parishad and gram panchayats under Keredari Block joined in.The DC said the district administration had taken up the matter of road construction which remained pending due to the apathy of the construction company whose contract has not only been terminated but also blacklisted for not fulfilling the terms and conditions of the contract awarded to him. Barkagaon and Keredari are vegetable growing belts which meet the requirement of Hazaribag and other urban and industrial belts of the area.The DC also informed the villagers that a decision had been taken by the state government that once the fresh contracts were awarded a top-class road would be laid within six months at the cost of Rs 13.21 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17235077", "title": "Pilot arrested for \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcsmuggling\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 `32 lakh audio system", "text": "MUMBAI: The customs department arrested a pilot for allegedly smuggling in a Rs 32 lakh audio system on Thursday morning.Arshad Fakhruddin, who has been employed with Jet Airways since the past 16 years, was arrested while trying to leave the airport without declaring the audio system, officials said.Fakhruddin was the pilot of the flight that arrived from Brussels to Mumbai. According to rules, crew members are allowed to bring goods worth Rs 600 free, an official said. Jet Airways declined to comment on the issue.The cabin crew have a different channel for clearance. \"We got suspicious after scanning Fakhruddin's baggage,\" an official said. \"He told us he was carrying a home theatre worth Rs 60,000. But on examination of the baggage, officials found that he was carrying an equipment which we ourselves had seen for the first time.'' Assistant commissioner Sameer Wankhede headed the air intelligence unit's operation.Officials found that it was a sound system manufactured by Metronome Technologie. The company's web site stated that it manufactures a wide range of high-end audio products. Officials found out that the cheapest audio system is priced at Rs 32 lakh. The duty on the system would be around Rs 10 lakh. \"We arrested him for smuggling. The metropolitan magistrate released him on bail of Rs 2 lakh. Now we will adjudicate the case and he would have to pay the duty and a fine,\" an official said.Customs officials said that following a Supreme Court order, a customs offence is non-cognizable and the accused is entitled to bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17236368", "title": "Ireland exports its problem: Doctor", "text": "BANGALORE: An Indian doctor in Ireland says there's an exodus of women in the country to the UK for abortion. \"Ireland actually exports the problem. There's a huge exodus of pregnant girls, women with deformed babies and victims of rape-pregnancy to the UK for abortion. They're not counted,\" Dr CVR Prasad, orthopaedic surgeon at the Galway Clinic, Galway, Ireland, told TOI over the phone.He says in Ireland, termination is only postponed to after the birth. \"Women have to deliver a live baby, even if it is deformed, severely handicapped or with a congenital disorder. The baby may survive for a few years. It's kept in paediatric hospitals where demand-feed happens which means the baby is fed only if it cries or asks for food. Many babies die of starvation. This is passive euthanasia,\" he says.Dr Prasad says Dr Savita's case clearly reflects what happens when religion influences medical practice.Also, there is no consensus in Ireland on when life begins. Is it at the sperm or ovum stage? Or, when the sperm and ovum meet? Or, is it when the fetus is 24 weeks or 28 weeks old? Or, is it when the fetus survives independently without the womb? \"The debate continues. And different organizations have different levels of demand when it comes to abortion,\" says Dr Prasad.Even the investigation into the death of a pregnant woman is a controversial issue. If a woman dies during pregnancy in a hospital, the coroner is informed and he will ask police to complete the identification. The next of kin has to identify the person, after which an autopsy. \"The autopsy report is given to the coroner, who will decide if there should be an inquest (a quasi-judicial inquiry) or not. Things move slowly,\" he says. Abortion is a controversial issue in Irish politics. In the past three decades, several referendums have been held, but very little has actually happened.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17234165", "title": "Never told IAC panel of RSS links: Ajay Sanghi", "text": "NAGPUR: Since the movement's inception, India Against Corruption's (IAC) city coordinator Ajay Sanghi never disclosed to his core committee that he was a RSS swayamsevak. \"I never said that Arvind Kejriwal and Kiran Bedi knew about my RSS association and it would not have mattered to either of them,\" said Ajay Sanghi.He said \"There was no requirement in IAC for anyone to declare their political or ideological affiliation.\" Sanghi's stand was seconded by the movement's senior member Kiran Bedi, who was in Wardha on Thursday. \"We are apolitical, hence anyone's political affiliations are not our concern. We are a movement and not a party where membership is based on certain criteria. It is a movement by Indians and it is their love for the country which matters the most,\" said Bedi.However, many people in the city, even those associated with the movement, expressed shock. A youth who was associated with the local IAC chapter said, \"Our movement has been taking on the BJP president for his reported involvement in certain violations. We all know about connections between RSS and BJP. I am not very comfortable in knowing that someone so close to the RSS is running things here.\"MP Vilas Muttemwar said, \"We have always said IAC is a RSS front but nobody believed. These people protested in front of my house. I opposed them because I knew this was not a people's movement but a politically motivated group. Now Sanghi has himself accepted that he is a RSS man. So what more is left to say about this? They have all been exposed.\" He said it was due to the \"split between Kejriwal and Anna that these revelations are happening.\"Sanghi had told TOI earlier that he still wants to continue with Hazare's movement and that his RSS affiliations do not matter. \"RSS is a patriotic organization which has been working to strengthen the country as a whole. But yes, I have aversions regarding the BJP and strongly believe that RSS should disassociate itself from it,\" said Sanghi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17235185", "title": "No HC relief for sole supplier of Metro fasteners", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court has refused relief to a firm that was the sole supplier of critical railway parts to Metro rail systems, including the Delhi Metro.A division bench comprising Justice Pradeep Nandrajog and Justice Manmohan Singh in a recent judgment refused to quash the decision of the Centre to accept more than one bidder for \"fastening systems for ballastless tracks\" equipment to be supplied to Metro Rail systems and subject it to tests.HC was hearing a plea by Patil Vossloh Rail Systems Ltd against a note of the Urban Development ministry where it relaxed eligibility conditions for bidders to show-case equipments that were required by the railway ministry to be passed on to Metro Rail systems. Vossloh Ltd had argued that the UD ministry had no business in diluting stringent conditions, including that of proven track record, since it is the railway ministry that is in need of products. But the UD ministry maintained it had not diluted the condition but only cast the net wider even while adhering to the safety guidelines issued by the Railway Ministry. HC saw merit in the UD ministry's stand and also took into account the fact that the product of the competitor's firm successfully cleared the laboratory test and will be kept under observation for two years.HC said it should best be left to experts to take a call if they wish to continue with an existing supplier of products or go for a new one. \"Whether a new product, which is the result of advancement in technology or is the result of some value engineering or uses newly developed material, would be equivalent to an existing product with proven credentials is a matter of expert opinion and this, unless demonstrably found to be tainted, is immune to judicial scrutiny,\" the bench observed while dealing with the apprehensions raised by the firm that the UD ministry has in fact jeopardized safety standards by diluting conditions.On its part, the Centre had defended its decision to overlook Vossloh Ltd for equipments and widen the search, saying that the firm had a monopoly in India and every attempt must be made, while not compromising with safety, to ensure a healthy competition by having more than one bidder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17236038", "title": "NIA to follow up on Tahir's submission", "text": "KOCHI: With Tahir Taklya alias Tahir Muhammed Merchant -- an accused in 1993 Mumbai blasts case -- spilling beans on fake currency agents in the state, the National Investigation Agency (NIA) will conduct a detailed probe on non-resident Keralites (NRKs) who acted as conduits for the racket.The NIA, which interrogated Tahir for the past seven days in connection with Karipur fake currency case, on Thursday presented him before the NIA special court. He will be taken back to Mumbai central prison soon.NIA had brought Tahir here for interrogation after the agency got inputs on his involvement in pumping Pakistan-printed fake Indian currency into the state from Gulf countries. He was questioned in connection with the seizure of Pakistan-printed fake Indian currencies to the tune of Rs 72.5 lakh from Karipur international airport on August 16, 2008.\"Tahir has divulged details of those who have been part of the fake currency racket in the state,\" a source said.NIA submitted in the court that Tahir was arrested by Sharjah police in September 2008 for possessing fake currency to the tune of Rs 50 lakh. It also submitted that it was Tahir who supplied fake currencies to the agents in India between 2007 and 2008. He had supplied Rs 72.5 lakh in fake currencies to Mohammed, 43, of Orumenayoor, Chavakkad, Thrissur, who was arrested by the state police in 2008.Tahir, who hailed from Mumbai, was working as manager of Al Sultan Furnishing and Carpet Shop, which had branches in Sharjah, Dubai and Abu Dhabi. He had sourced the fake notes from a Pakistani citizen identified as Ibrahim Bhai.It was on August 16, 2008 that the Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) seized currencies in denominations of Rs 500 and Rs 1,000, amounting to Rs 72.5 lakh, from Mohammed who arrived at the Karipur airport from Ras Al Khaima. Three persons, identified as C P Sajil, C S Abdul Maliq and Naushad, who came to receive Mohammed at the airport were also arrested. The fake notes were kept concealed in a carton of toys and board games.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17234283", "title": "Tomas Berdych and Janko Tipsarevic for Chennai Open", "text": "CHENNAI: World No 6 Tomas Berdych and World No 9 Janko Tipsarevic are set to be the big draws at the 18th edition of Chennai Open which gets underway on December 31.For 26-year old Berdych, who showed Roger Federer the door in this year's US Open before losing to Andy Murray in the semis, it will be his second tryst with the week-long hard court event.The Czech with a big serve and a booming forehand had bowed out in the semifinals of the event in 2011. Tipsarevic, on the other hand, played the Chennai Open final last year, losing to Milos Raonic.\"We are pleased to announce the participation of two top-10 players in the tournament. Berdych had a great year and we are sure he will continue his winning streak in Chennai. Tipsarevic is a regular at the event and loves to play here.He too has done well this year and I am sure his presence will ensure that fans will get to see some fantastic matches,\" said MA Alagappan, president of the Tamil Nadu Tennis Association (TNTA).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17234610", "title": "Man held for rape of Ukrainian", "text": "PANAJI: Pernem police arrested Tomsin Eksimi Torji of Nepal for allegedly raping a 22-year-old Ukrainian woman at Arambol.Pernem police said that the woman, who was residing at Arambol, while proceeding towards the Vagkolam lake-adjacent to the Arambol beach-was raped by Torji at around 9.30pm.Following a tip-off, the police nabbed the accused in the jungle near the lake. On receipt of the medical report, a case was registered against Torji under Section 376 of the Indian Penal Code.PI Tushar Lotlikar is investigating the case.Power shutdownCaranzalem (Nov 16): Between 9am and 2.30pm. Areas to be affected are Syndicate Bank, Auxilium school, Landscape Shire, Kamat Villa, Samarth Residency, part of Borchem Bhat and vicinity.Ashvem (Nov 16): Between 9am and 2pm. Areas to be affected are Ashvem and vicinity.Siolim (Nov 17): Between 9am and 2pm. Areas to be affected are Modhlem Bhat, Fernandes Vaddo, SFX school, Dando, Gudem, Tarchi Bhat, Portavaddo, Ingrez Vaddo, Kirti Vidhyalaya and vicinity.Oxel (Nov 17): Between 9am an 2pm. Areas to be affected are Oxel, Khairat and Vagali.Old Goa (Nov 17): Between 9am and 2pm. Areas to be affected are Sao Pedro, Baiguinnim, Sheikh Hassan quarry, Tamba quarry and Ramnath saw mill.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17237241", "title": "Tanker jumps off flyover, driver killed", "text": "Bangalore: A 10-wheel tanker truck skid off Nagarbhavi flyover on Outer Ring Road late on Thursday night and hit the service road 40 feet below.Tanker driver Ramu, 32, was killed on the spot, while the cleaner, Murthy, 20, survived with grievous injuries.The accident happened at 8.40pm near Sumanahalli . The truck was carrying concrete mix and headed from Peenya towards Mysore Road when the driver lost control over the vehicle.Sachin Gowda, employed with a soft drink giant, said: \"I was on my way home from work on my bike. The tanker truck was in front of me. I heard a tyre on the left of the vehicle go flat, causing a loud noise. The driver lost control and the vehicle crashed into the flyover parapet wall and plunged below. After hitting the road below, the truck rolled over to the right. A heap of dust billowed out of the truck.\"Locals and police extricated the driver's crushed body in 30 minutes. A rescue van and two cranes struggled and pulled the cleaner out after an hour-long operation . He was rushed to a hospital in a 108 ambulance. Savita, a resident, said she was jolted by the crashing sounds. \"I rushed out to find the truck lying on the ground,\" she added.As the truck lay on the service road, traffic was diverted without much chaos.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "17234822", "title": "Four real estate agents murdered in Panvel farmhouse, motive unclear", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: Four real estate agents were found brutally murdered at a Panvel farmhouse early on Wednesday. They had reached the venue on Sunday for a two-day party during the Diwali break.While the motive remains unclear, the New Panvel police are probing whether business rivalry could be a possible reason for the killings. The four victims, aged between 40 and 50, reportedly dealt with property in Navi Mumbai and Raigad regions.Bloodied bodies of Ramdas Patil, Nitin Joshi, Pritam Gharat and Balaram Topale were recovered from the farmhouse at Shirole village.While Patil's head was fatally smashed with a heavy rock, the other three were shot dead from a close range.Other than the rock, the police have recovered a country-made handgun, which was found placed in Topale's hand. Sunil Bajare, senior police inspector, New Panvel police, though, said, \"Our investigation has revealed that this gun was not used to fire at the victims.\"Bajare also said that four dedicated police teams have been set up to investigate various angles in the case.While the police have not made any arrests yet, they hope to zero in on the suspects soon. \"We have not made any arrests but are following certain leads in the case. Nothing specific can be said right now,'' said Bajare.A dog squad was also sent to the farmhouse.He added the four victims had picked up a takeaway from a fastfood joint before reaching the farmhouse. The post-mortem report stated that all the four victims had consumed alcohol as well.Patil is reportedly the farmhouse owner's nephew. He had asked for keys to the place to host a party for his business associates for two days, Sunday and Monday.Some of the locals told the police that on Monday night, two cars and several motorcyclists were seen driving towards the farmhouse. Police officials, though, stated that these vehicles belonged to the deceased themselves.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17235863", "title": "Varsity wants govt to treat students as campus 'residents'", "text": "LUDHIANA: The logjam over mess price hike in Panjab University inched towards resolution with officials announcing a campaign to get food subsidy sanctioned in all Indian universities through the University Grants Commission.Addressing students who have been on hunger strike for the past several days, PU officials said they would press for the government to treat students as \"residents\" of universities. \"Since they live on campus for 10 months every year, they must be treated as residents. Students are part of the family of this institution. The productive and positive outcome of the protest is that we will take this issue further on behalf of other universities as well,\" the Panjab University vice-chancellor said.According to Prof Arun Kumar Grover, who was addressing mediapersons during a press conference at the senate hall on Wednesday, the university has been approaching senior government functionaries to seek subsidy for students. University officials said they would write to the prime minister and cabinet ministers who are alumni of the university, secretaries of various ministries such as petroleum, human resource development and finance, senior functionaries of the UT Administration, among others.Officials have also written to the UGC chairman asking for the incorporation of the issue of fuel subsidy for residents in university hostels in the higher education budget of the Central government as part of the national policy on education. \"The University has explored all possible options, including appealing to government bodies to provide relief in the current economic situation,\" Prof Grover stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17234925", "title": "Special trains for Sabarimala", "text": "CHENNAI: To clear the extra rush during the Sabarimala season, Southern Railway will operate the special trains.Chennai Central-Kollam Superfast Weekly Special (06001) will leave Chennai Central at 3.15pm on Mondays from November 19 to January 21 and arrive in Kollam at 5.30am on Tuesdays. Kollam-Chennai Central Weekly Special (06002) will leave Kollam at 11.15am on Tuesdays from November 20 to January 22, 2013 and arrive at Chennai Central at 3.30am on Wednesdays.Chennai Central-Kollam Superfast Weekly Special (06005) will leave Chennai Central at 3.15pm on Fridays, from November 23 to January 18, and arrive in Kollam at 5.30am on Saturdays. Kollam-Chennai Central Weekly Special (06006) will leave Kollam at 11.15am on Saturdays, from November 24 to January 19, and arrive at Chennai Central at 03.30am on Sundays.Chennai Central-Kollam Weekly Special (06007) will leave Chennai Central at 10.30pm on Sundays, from November 25 to January 20, and arrive in Kollam at 3.30pm on Mondays. Kollam-Chennai Central Superfast Weekly Special (06008) will leave Kollam at 9.15pm on Mondays, from November 26 to January 21, and arrive at Chennai Central at 12.50am on Tuesdays.Chennai Central-Kollam Superfast Weekly Special (06009) will leave Chennai Central at 5.35pm on Tuesdays, from November 27 to January 15, and arrive in Kollam at 9.10am on Wednesdays.Kollam-Chennai Central Weekly Special (06010) will leave Kollam at 11.15am on Wednesdays, from November 28 to January 16, and arrive at Chennai Central at 03.30am on Thursdays. Chennai Central-Kollam Superfast Weekly Special (06003) will leave Chennai Central at 5.40pm on Thursdays, from November 22 to January 17, and arrive in Kollam at 9.10am on Fridays. Kollam-Chennai Central Weekly Special (06004) will leave Kollam at 11.15am on Fridays, from November 23 to January 18, and arrive at Chennai Central at 3.30am on Saturdays.Ernakulam Jn-Chennai Central Weekly Superfast Special (06011) will leave Ernakulam Jn. at 5pm on Thursdays, from November 22 to Janruary 17, and arrive at Chennai Central at 5.15pm on Fridays. Chennai Central-Ernakulam Superfast Weekly Special (06012) will leave Chennai Central at 9pm on Fridays, from November 23 to January 18, and arrive in Ernakulam at 8.15am on Saturdays.Advance reservation for these trains will begin on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17239579", "title": "Power issues may dominate southern CMs meet", "text": "BANGALORE: Faced with acute shortage of power, the five southern states will press the Centre to ensure adequate coal allocation, particularly to the generating stations in the public sector, in line with the performance of the power utilities.At the southern zonal council meeting involving chief ministers of five southern states on Friday, the states will collectively impress upon Union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde , who will preside the meet, the need to allocate coal blocks to the state's thermal power projects.They will also ask the Centre to expedite work on the north-south power corridor to ensure transmission of power from northern states to the southern states. Because of the absence of a direct corridor, we are not able to get power from North India. Only 40 per cent of power requirement has come to Karnataka because of the absence of the corridor,\" energy minister Shobha Karandlaje said.The situation of coal stocks is so critical that about 14 out of 31 power plants in south India have super critical coal stocks. This is happening at a time when states are reeling under power shortages. Recently, Tamil Nadu CM J Jayalalithaa's had sent an SOS to the PM for urgent coal allocation as the state faces a demand-supply gap of 4,000 MW - the highest in the southern region.Karnataka too has demanded a supply of additional one lakh tonnes of coal for three power projects in Chhattisgarh , Yadlapur, and Yermarus. We have asked the Centre to increase the power allocation to Karnataka because the state is getting only 1674 MW, while our neighbouring states Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh are getting more than 3000 MW. Hopefully our CM Jagadish Shettar will take up this issue at the Friday's meeting,\" said energy minister Shobha KarandlajeI had met the union coal minister thrice in the last two years seeking coal linkage to tide over the present power crisis by increasing power generation. On all three occasions, I returned empty handed,\" she rued.But why the states are suffering? The primary reason for this, according to state energy officials is because only coal India is authorized to meet the demands of states. For long, CIL did not have the money required to open new mines and the environmental hurdles made their job even tougher.The solution lies in ending CIL's monopoly and bringing in private producers and distributors. The Centre must also ensure that different ministries like coal, power, energy and oil work in coordination to create proper plans to ensure smooth supply of coal,'' the minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "17235116", "title": "Kandhamal huddles for cover from chill", "text": "Berhampur: The minimum temperature in remote areas of Kandhamal district dipped to 3 degree Celsius over the past few days. Daringibadi, Kotagada, Bramhanigaon and Raikia recorded such low temperatures as they are located quite high above the sea level.The mercury level at Daringibadi known as Kashmir of Odisha was fallen to 3.5 degree Celsius in the past two days. Last year, Daringbadi had witnessed snowfall with the minimum temperature plummeting to minus 0.05 degree Celsius.Phulbani, the district headquarters town, recorded 7.6 degree Celsius over the last two days, official sources said on Thursday. The temperature is likely to dip further in the coming days, experts said.Experts attributed the sudden chill to the blowing of cold northerly winds and influence of cyclone Nilam. \"The atmosphere is clear due to recent cyclone Nilam, resulting in the drop in mercury in the state, including Kandhamal,\" said Pratap Mohanty of the marine science department, Berhampur University.The chill has forced many people in the district to stay indoors and those who have to go out huddle around bonfires to keep themselves warm. \"The cold wave is too severe for us to venture out during the morning hours,\" said a bank employee in Daringibaidi, who was recently transferred from Berhmpur.Even other towns in southern Odisha are recording low temperatures. Koraput shivered at 10 degree Celsius, Malkangiri 14.5 degree Celsius, Bhawanipatna 12.2 degree Celsius and Gopalpur 16.9 degree Celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17234648", "title": "New panel formed to tackle garbage", "text": "PANAJI: The government has constituted a 11-member high level task force with the chief minister as chairman and deputy chief minister as vice-chairman, to deal with the problem of garbage in Goa.The basic terms of reference and powers of the task force shall be 'to direct and bring into force measures to handle all aspects pertaining to solid waste management problems in Goa'. The terms of reference also include the mandate 'to provide for measures for phasing out of plastic and the introduction of alternate (substitute) materials in the state of Goa, with a timeline fixed for implementation'.The task force was constituted vide a notification issued by the department of science, technology and environment on November 8, 2012. The members of the task force include the environment minister, Panchayati Raj minister, chief secretary, chairman of the Goa state pollution control board, principal secretary (environment), principal secretary (urban development), secretary (Panchayati Raj), commissioner of the corporation of the city of Panaji and member secretary of the Goa state pollution control board.All the heads of departments like public works, forests, environment, tourism, health, municipal administration and urban development, Panchayats, town and country planning, industries, trade and commerce, collectorate (North Goa), collectorate (South Goa), superintendent of police (North) and superintendent of police (South), shall be permanent invitees to the task force . The task force shall also decide, regulate, handle and monitor all the efforts of urban local bodies, Panchayati Raj institutions in solid waste management; it shall lay down guidelines, finalize requisite technology, choose appropriate site, provide necessary benefits (fiscal as well as non-fiscal) and facilitate process of setting up garbage treatment plant(s) in Goa; the task force shall provide for appropriate remedial measures and directions for sensitization and public awareness programmes and need based intervention to institutions and elected bodies.The task force shall have full powers to take all administrative and financial decisions in respect of implementation of the points listed in the terms of reference and any other measures. The task force shall provide directions in terms of the provisions in the Municipal Solid Waste (Management and Handling) Rules, 2000; Plastic Waste (Management and Handling) Rules, 2011, and other rules defined under Environment (Protection) Act, 1986.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17235648", "title": "Substation plan delay to hit power supply", "text": "CHANDIGARH: There will be no respite from power cuts in a large part of the city as the upgradation plan for substation in Sector 34 is set to get further delayed, this time due to administration's plans to come up with a City Centre in the area. UT has now woken up to the fact that overhead power cables will spoil the aesthetics of the future commercial hub, and the lines will now have to be laid underground.For the proposed substation, cables have to be taken from the existing network in Sector 32 but since the entire procedure will have to be reworked, residents of over a dozen adjoining sectors are set to face power pangs this winter as well when demand shoots up due to use of geysers and room heaters.The electricity department had mooted the plan to upgrade substations in sectors 34 and 52 around three years ago and work has already been running behind schedule. The existing substations are located in sectors 39, 52, 56 and 47.The plan to set to a new substation in Sector 34 to strengthen infrastructure got delayed as land could not be made available to the electricity department in time. It was touted as a futuristic, long term project as the existing set up cannot handle the growing load.The newly-developed sectors with high population density are being given step-motherly treatment by UT electricity department as is evident from the fact that only four 66KV stations have been installed to handle the growing load in these areas.While the entire load of elite sectors is immediately shifted onto an alternate supply line, the entire southern part of the city is solely dependent on the supply from Mohali. Whenever there is a problem with it, as many as 25 sectors are plunged into darkness.Another siteLe Corbusier had planned Sector 17 as the City Centre along with a Sub City Centre in Sector 34. The plan was never implemented. Now, UT administration has identified another site in Sector 43 and commercial activities will come up at the two sites. The centres will provide a world class shopping environment that Sub City Centre was planned with high-rise commercial establishments. The upmarket areas would provide the best of commercial facilities to Phase-II sectors and compensates for their distance from the main City Centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17235688", "title": "Six killed in separate accidents", "text": "LUCKNOW: Six persons were killed in separate accidents in the city on Thursday. A mechanic and a contractual employee of Jal Sansthan, committed suicides in Cantonment and New Hyderabad areas respectively, while a biker lost his life in a road accident in Banthara. Three incidents of deaths were also reported from Manaknagar, Aliganj and Krishnanagar police stations.According to police, Allan Khan, a mechanic committed suicide after tying a knot around his neck from the ceiling fan on Thursday morning at his home located off Dholak Wali Gali in Cantonment area. Khan left a note claiming responsibility for his act. He also mentioned in the note that he remained upset for past few days and was not able to concentrate on anything. The reason for his disturbed state was growing responsibility on his shoulders to feed and look after his family members. Allan used to worry about the growing financial needs of his family that include his wife, one-and-half-year-old son and two daughters aged seven and four.In the other suicide case, Shekhar Lal (20) set himself on fire after his father, who is also employed with Jal Sansthan, pulled him up for drinking. Shekhar was admitted to Civil Hospital, where he lost his life on Thursday.In a road accident that took place in Narayanpur area of Banthara, 45-year-old Mahesh Kashyap lost his life. The bike on which Kashyap was riding pillion was hit by another biker at high speed near a fuel station while he was trying to overtake a truck from wrong side. Two children and bike rider also suffered injuries in the accident and were rushed to a private hospital.The police were also informed about dead bodies of two persons that were found near railway tracks in Mohibullapur and Alamnagar area, while the body of an unidentified man was fished out from the canal near Kanausi bridge in Manaknagar area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17241242", "title": "46 Hardayal library staffers still without salary after six months", "text": "NEW DELHI: Diwali was brighter for some employees of the Hardayal Municipal Public Library (HMPL). After a six month long excruciating wait, the North Delhi Municipal Corporation (NDMC) finally loosened its purse strings last week to pay the library staff their due salaries.However, 46 staff members from the east and south zone branches have had no such luck.The library, first established in the 19th century, has 31 branches across the city. The central library, located in Chandni Chowk (north zone for the municipal trifurcation) is home to some 8,000 \"rare books\" dating back to the 18th century. Problems regarding the flow of funds began soon after the trifurcation of the municipal corporation. \"When we got funds for the North zone, we immediately accepted whatever we got. But we haven't stopped our efforts for the east and south zone yet,\" says Surekha Gupta, the honorary secretary of the library. Former honorary secretary Yashpal Arya resigned just last month.Meanwhile, North Delhi Municipal Corporation (NDMC) mayor Mira Aggarwal says the municipal corporation was never obliged to fund the library, since 1958, because it is an \"autonomous body\". As to why their troubles began only recently, Aggarwal explained with lack of clarity in instructions. \"After the trifurcation of the municipal corporation, we were not given any clear directions as to what to do for the library. There are some branches of the library that do not even subscribe to newspapers. Instead of pressurizing the corporation, had the library invested that energy in generating revenue, it would have been self-reliant by now,\" says Aggarwal. The NDMC 2012-13 budget allotted Rs. 3 crore as \"grant-in-aid\" to the library.A senior official of the South Delhi Municipal Corporation also cited the \"autonomous body\" reason, saying it was an NGO that is supposed to be running the library, though he failed to elucidate on the name and the nature of the NGO.Gupta clarifies that before Independence, there existed a \"Hardayal Memorial Trust\" that was supposed to be handling the library, but they had an agreement with the Delhi Municipal Committee in 1942, where the committee \"opted\" the library, and agreed to fund it. \"The agreement was renewed in 1958. Then, in 1997 the MCD also adopted the agreement in its original form. It is only after the trifurcation that no one has taken responsibility for it,\" says Gupta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17235822", "title": "'Move by enforcement directorate backs Trinamool's FDI stance'", "text": "KOLKATA: Global retailer Walmart issued a press release on its website on Thursday disclosing additional information related to alleged Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) violations in India.The release read: \"As you know, in March of 2011, Walmart began conducting a worldwide review of its policies, practices and internal controls for FCPA compliance. The company has made improvements to its compliance programs around the world and has taken a number of specific, concrete actions with respect to our processes, procedures and people.\"Trinamool Congress general secretary Mahua Moitra said Wednesday's decision by ED to issue notice to the retail giant for alleged violation of forex laws clearly vindicated their stand against Walmart's entry and the Centre's decision to allow 49% FDI in multi-brand retail. \"Walmart has been under scanner for violations in practically every country they operate. It is currently embroiled in an explosive bribery scandal in Mexico...they are accused of paying US$24 million in bribes to become the dominant retailer... A and here the UPA government is bending over backwards to allow them unfettered access to our market.\"\"Since the implementation of the global review and the enhanced anti-corruption compliance programs, the company has identified or been made aware of additional allegations regarding potential violations of the FCPA. When allegations are reported or identified, we, together with our third party advisors, conduct inquiries and when warranted, we open investigations,\" the release further stated.\"We have inquiries or investigations regarding allegations of potential FCPA violations in a number of foreign markets where we operate regarding FCPA allegations, including but not limited to Brazil, China and India. This is in addition to the ongoing investigation in Mexico.\"The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, amended by the International Anti-Bribery Act of 1998, is a United States federal law known primarily for two of its main provisions - one that addresses accounting transparency requirements under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and another concerning bribery of foreign officials. All US companies operating in foreign shores come under the purview of this Act.Chief minister Mamata Banerjee has stated clearly that she would never allow Walmart to set up shops in West Bengal. On October 6, 2012 the Chief Minister on Facebook said that the agreement between Bharti and Walmart flouted FDI regulations and insisted that the agreement between the two companies be terminated. \"Our Chief Minister has clearly announced time and again that Walmart engages in corrupt practices, its agreement with Bharti is not clean and above board and that the Central Government is turning a blind eye to this..... With Walmart's announcement it is opening an investigation into violations in India perhaps New Delhi will now wake up,\" said Moitra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17242101", "title": "CBSE textbook row on Nadar community: Centre assures to look into issue", "text": "CHENNAI: As political parties in Tamil Nadu strongly protested the \"wrong\" depiction of Nadar community in a CBSE textbook, the Centre today assured it would look into the issue and do the needful.The assurance was given by HRD minister M M Pallam Raju to his party colleague and shipping minister G K Vasan when the latter met him to discuss the issue.Raju said he was holding discussions with officials to find out the reality and would \"definitely try to do the needful on this important issue\", Vasan told PTI.He said the \"wrong\" information given in the CBSE textbook \"wounded\" the sentiments of the Nadar community and the particular portion should be removed at the earliest.Earlier in the day, Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa wrote to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh demanding removal of the \"objectionable\" references in the book about Nadars, a trading community concentrated in southern districts of the state.\"The social and economical development achieved by the Nadars over the years is commendable. Their success in the fields of education and business can be attributed to their hard work and determination,\" she said urging the Prime Minister to direct officials to remove \"objectionable\" references.Noting that great leaders, including Kamaraj, belonged to the Nadar community and their contribution to society was immeasurable, Jayalalithaa said various associations belonging to the community made representations to her condemning such \"objectionable\" references about their community.DMK chief M Karunanidhi yesterday urged the PM to direct officials to rectify these \"errors\" and remove the objectionable references from the textbook of class IX.It was \"historically incorrect\" to have labelled Nadars as migrants to the southern districts of Tamil Nadu, he had said.DMDK chief Vijaykant, MDMK leader Vaiko, and PMK leader S Ramadoss have also objected to the references.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17236209", "title": "Woman patient found dead near Madurai govt hospital", "text": "MADURAI: A woman undergoing treatment in the government hospital in Madurai was found dead under mysterious circumstances near Goripalayam five-road junction, a few metres away from the hospital on Thursday morning.While police termed it suicide, the death raised many eyebrows as the woman had shown no signs of suicidal symptoms even hours before death. In addition, the spot where her body was found was along the roadside, barely 10 feet away from the police beat manned by personnel round the clock. The police also failed to give convincing answers on the woman leaving her hospital ward after midnight. She was found with a wire tightened around her neck, indicating strangulation.S Asma Banu (27) from Kallmpatti near Alagarkoil who was pregnant with her second child had been admitted in the maternity ward of GRH on November 3 and she delivered a girl on November 5. The baby was born with some neonatal complications and was treated in a separate room in the maternity ward. It was said that Asma Banu was breast feeding her child now and then. Her husband K Siddique and his sister were staying with the woman as attendants. Under these circumstances, Asma Banu was last seen by her husband around 1 am on Thursday, before he went to sleep.Next morning, Siddique did not find her in bed. He searched for Asma but was informed that she was found dead, he said. \"The reason for her leaving the hospital itself appears a mystery. Besides, why should she go to the road and commit suicide? he asked.Even if she had committed suicide, it was unlikely that the policemen did not see her, the relatives said. Besides, the place is under electronic surveillance through CCTVs. Though her neck was found strangulated with a wire, her clothes had bloodstains all over. Eyewitnesses who found the body said she was found in a seated manner in the corridor and she had a purse with Rs 1,006 and some medicines inside, creating more suspicion. The relatives have urged police to conduct a thorough investigation in this case. Mohammed Sikandher, president of Jamath in Kallampatti village urged police to investigate the case thoroughly.N Mohan, dean of GRH, said they had ordered an inquiry at the hospital level over the incident. \"An inquiry led by the medical superintendent and other staff has been ordered to find out the circumstances under which she left the hospital,\" he said.Tallakulam assistant commissioner S Thanabal told mediapersons that the department has registered the case as one of suicide and will probe it from every angle. The CCTV images in the junction will also be studied, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17235908", "title": "Nashik boy Bachhav in Maha Ranji squad", "text": "NASHIK: The 20-year-old tall and lanky left-arm spinner from Nashik, Satyajeet Bachhav, has spun his way into the Maharashtra Ranji cricket team for the state's second encounter of the season against Tamil Nadu.The four-day match to be played at the Chepauk will see Akshay Darekar and Bachhav fighting it out for the spinner's spot in the team. After Akshay failed in the first match against the Uttar Pradesh teamthat piled up over 700 runs on the home wicket of Maharashtra, it seems coach Dermott Reeve, selectors and skipper Rohit Motwani have decided to try a new spinner in the form of Bachhav.The wily spinner, Bachhav, who represents Nashik Gymkhana in local tournaments, has been playing for Maharashtra for the last five years with distinction. But he shot to fame last year when he played for Maharashtra U-19 team and took 48 wickets in only eight matches to become the highest-wicket taking spinner in India in one season in the age group. Similarly in the Inter-District Invitation Tournaments, he registered 50 wickets in only seven matches. He was particularly impressive against Latur District team, whom he bundled out of the match by grabbing seven wickets in an innings. Elated, Bachhav's coach Sanjay Marathe said, \"Bachhav has been training under me for over eight years and I realized since the beginning that he has a potential to go up and up in the career.. His work ethics is another plus that always separates him from the rest.\"Bachhav said, \"It is an honour. It was my dream to play in Ranji.. Now I have push my bar ahead. I will work hard to play in the Indian team, though it looks far-fetched at this juncture.\" His coaches in the Nashik team-Satish Gaikwad and Deepak Kelkar said he deserved it.After Jayantilal (1969), Prashant Rai (1991) and Salil Agharkar, Bachhav will be the fourth left-arm spinner to play for Maharashtra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17234541", "title": "Traffic provisions for Old Goa", "text": "PANAJI: The North Goa district magistrate has drawn up a plan to divert traffic passing through Old Goa and have worked out arrangements for parking during the novena and feast of St Francis Xavier from November 24 to December 3.All traffic from Panaji will be routed through NH 4-A (Old Goa bypass) along the Kadamba plateau, but devotees attending novenas and the feast will be allowed to travel by the Ribandar Patto road up to Bhakia's property for parking.On December 3, all buses plying on Ribandar-Old Goa-Banastarim route will be diverted on to NH 4-A along the Kadamba plateau to their respective destinations. Similarly, Panaji-bound vehicles from Ponda will be diverted to NH 4-A.Residents of Divar, Gandaulim and Old Goa complex returning from Ribandar will be allowed to take a left near the Old Goa main junction. Those from Corlim will be allowed to take a right near Dargah to reach the Divar ferry.The Pilar-Neura-Old Goa road will be converted into a one way road on the feast day for all buses and other vehicles, barring small cars and two wheelers, approaching Old Goa from Margao and Vasco. But while returning, the vehicles will be diverted through NH 4-A (Kadamba plateau).Heavy vehicles passing through Old Goa from Ponda will be diverted from Usgao junction and Banastarim junction towards Bicholim, Mapusa. Traffic from Mapusa will be diverted at Karaswada, Mapusa towards Bicholim from 12am, November 24 to 12am, November 25 (Saturday and Sunday) and from 12am, December 1 to 12am December 3.Cars and two-wheelers carrying pilgrims from Panaji will be allowed to park at Bhakia's property, Budhashet property, behind Se Cathedral; Divar jetty road and St Cajetan church compound at Old Goa and those from Margao and Vasco on the Kunkalekar school ground and Ella farm, animal husbandry ground.Vehicles from Ponda will be parked near Hubbard chicken farm, opposite Bhandari residence, and behind Pinto garage. Cars belonging to the church will be parked in a designated area behind Sulabh Sauchalaya. Parking for VIPs and physically-challenged persons will be created in the open place of Goa tourism development corporation . Old Goa panchayat ground will be reserved for Panaji-Old Goa buses only.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17234391", "title": "Goa Bachao Abhiyan guns for BJP over exclusion of outline development plans in Regional Plan 2021", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa Bachao Abhiyan has alleged that the Regional Plan (RP) 2021 is in danger of being subverted as the North Goa planning and development authority (NGPDA) has proposed the re-opening of select outline development plans (ODPs) for piecemeal changes.The reopening of the ODPs for correction without a proper process and competent planning team is a precedent, warning us of this government's lack of intent on serious planning, as was the case with the previous government, the GBA stated.GBA held a meeting to discuss the implications of the new gazette (series III No. 32 dated November 8) notified by NGPDA and urged citizens to be vigilant about piecemeal suggestions catering to private interests during the next 30 days.Questioning the rationale behind the changes and demanding a \"one Goa, one plan\", the GBA alleged that 40% of Goa's population under the ODP areas has been deliberately excluded from a proper planning process while the RP 2021 has been kept in cold storage.ODPs also require a regulating body of planners like in the RP 2021 exercise. Ad hoc insertions of high FAR, zoning in settlement areas for private vested interests have destroyed Goa's living standards, natural environment, visual built environment, and will continue to do so unless alert citizens demand their due participation and professional planning, GBA pointed out.Demanding that ODPs should be incorporated in RP 2021, the GBA urged the BJP-led government to frame the guidelines for all proposed changes in the land use in the entire state of Goa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "bhiwandi", "code": "17235092", "title": "2 kids drown in Bhiwandi", "text": "BHIWANDI: Two children drowned in a Bhiwandi pond on Thursday. A fortnight ago, of two children lost their lives in another pond in the same area.On Thursday afternoon,Saiprasad Kasa (11) and Bharat Dingi (12), headed to the pond to take a bath. A cop from the Nizampura police said, \"At the time, a passerby noticed them and alerted their parents, who called fire brigade and police.\" The bodies were fished out in the evening by fire brigade officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "17239689", "title": "Teachers in demonstrate in Shillong demanding better pay", "text": "SHILLONG: Government Lower Primary school teachers on Thursday held a demonstration here demanding better pay and 'equal pay for equal work'.\"We are staging a demonstration to protest the state government's insensitiveness to our demand to increase the salary,\" All Meghalaya Adhoc Lower Primary School Association ( AMALPSA) president B Marbaniang said.About 1116 lower primary school teachers in the state get a monthly wage of Rs 3000 only.The teachers' organisation had petitioned education Minister R C Laloo last July demanding increase in salary.\"The pay is a clear violation of Article 14 of the Constitution on the principle of 'equal pay for equal work',\" Marbaniang said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17238986", "title": "'Thuppakki' to go under scissors", "text": "Producer Kalaipuli Thanu and director AR Murgadoss has agreed to remove certain scenes in Thuppakki which earned the wrath of Muslim organizations and hurt the sensitivity of the Muslim community. About close to 10-12 scenes from the movie are to be removed following the apposition.After Muslim organizations expressed their opposition to the movie and announced protests against Vijay and A R Murugadoss for having put the Muslim community in bad light. Many Muslim organisations have been agitating for the removal of the scenes.Kalaipuli Thanu has said \"We did not want to hurt anyone's sentiment. We regret if it had hurt the Muslim community and we are removing the objectionable scenes at the earliest.\"Vijay's father and Tamil Film Producers Council president SA Chandrasekhar said \"Vijay would never act in a film which would offend anyone's feelings. I promise Vijay would act as a Muslim character in one of his future films.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17236044", "title": "Ekm-Thrissur Memu service yet to take off", "text": "KOCHI: The mainline electrical multiple units (Memu) service on Ernakulam-Thrissur route, announced following much demand, is yet to take off.Railways attributes the delay to shortage of rakes required for operating the eight-car (coaches) Memu service. The service, originally scheduled to run by September last year, is expected to benefit around 5,000 daily commuters on the route.\"Though the service was included in the railway timetable published in July, the service is yet to commence. The service should also be extended to Palakkad. There are over 3,000 season ticket holders travelling daily from Thrissur alone,\" Thrissur Rail Passengers Association general secretary P Krishnakumar said.All-Kerala Railway Users' Association president Paul Manvettom said, \"The railways had stated that the service would be launched during Onam last year but nothing has happened so far.\" Sources said two rakes meant for Ernakulam-Thrissur and Kollam-Nagercoil Memu had arrived at the Southern Railway headquarters in Chennai.However, a senior railways official here said there was no need for any infrastructure upgrades for operating Memu services.\"The infrastructure required for operating Memu services is electrified lines and we already have it. We have not received any information about rakes from the headquarters. We can launch the service once the rake arrives,\" he said.Railway sources said the division's rake maintenance facility in Kollam is awaiting commissioning.\"The maintenance of the rake of Ernakulam-Kollam Memu service is now being done at our Palakkad facility. Once our Kollam facility is ready, we don't have any other issues in operating Memu services,\" the official said.Kochi: The mainline electrical multiple units (MEMU) service, which was announced after much cry from various corners, in the jam-packed Ernakulam - Thrissur route is yet to begin service though it was declared that it would start running by September this year.The railway cited shortage of rake required for operating the eight car MEMU service for the delay in launching it. Around 5000 passengers, who are working in the city, are daily travelling to and from Thrissur. Different passengers associations said that introduction of the service is expected to bring huge relief to passengers daily commuting to the city.\"Even as it was included in the railway timetable published in July, the service is yet to commence. Apartment from introducing the service, it should also be extended to Palakkad. More than 3000 season ticket holders are travelling daily from Thrissur alone,\" said P Krishnakumar, general secretary, Thrissur Rail Passengers Association.\"The railway had stated that the service would be launched during the time of Onam. But nothing has happened till now. In order to operate MEMU service, height of the platforms needed to be increased. It also requires dedicated tracks for operating the services,\" said, Paul Manvettom, president, All Kerala Railway Users' Association.Sources said that two rakes meant for Ernakulam-Thrissur and Kollam-Nagarcoil MEMU has arrived at the Southern Railway headquarters in Chennai.However, a senior official with railways here said that it is no need to increase height of platforms for operating MEMU service. \"The infrastructure required for operating MEMU service is electrified lines and we already have it. We have not received any information in this regard from headquarters. If the rake arrives, we can soon launch the service, he said.Railway sources said that the division's rake maintenance facility at Kollam is almost ready and waiting for commission. \"At present, rake of the MEMU service operated between Ernakulam and Kollam is maintained at the rake maintenance facility in Palakkad. \"Once our facility is ready, we don't have any other issues in operating MEMU service,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17235199", "title": "A visual journey through an Indian metro and aluminum foundry in Turkey", "text": "COIMBATORE: A photography exhibition at the Contemplate Art Gallery in the city, showcasing the works of Delhi-based photographer Shivani Das juxtaposes two cultures, one capturing moments of everyday life in Kolkata and the other taking us inside an aluminum foundry in Haskoy near Istanbul in Turkey , portraying the dignity of labour. The pictures are black and white where the visuals create contrasting illusions. As the modern world evolves into a truly global market, photography too seems to be transcending geographical barriers and promoting cross-cultural exchanges.The Kolkata I captured is the transition of a city with a rich colonial past into an important cosmopolitan urban space. Even while remaining a significant contemporary city, it still retains its old world charm. I thought it would be best to capture the aging city in black and white even though it is fast transforming into a modern one,'' said Shivani on the sidelines of the exhibition. With 3 exhibitions to her credit in Delhi, it is the first time that Shivani is displaying her work in South India.In the Kolkata series, the artist captures the many lanes and by lanes along with the nooks and crannies to accurately capture the essence of the city. A photograph of the trademark yellow taxi on Howra bridge is striking. Another of a building with a Victorian style spiral staircase takes you back in time to the days of the British Raj and the maharajas. These photographs have an old world charm to them, with a contemporary twist. The buildings seem straight out of our history books, sometimes appearing in the background of the artist's subjects and at other times taking center-stage themselves. The artist's use of lighting lends an intriguing touch. The collection is a captivating portrait of a city with reminiscences of it its grand history and its evolution into a modern metro,\" said Rajshree Pathi from Contemplate Art Gallery.In the Turkish series, the artist has woven a riveting tale about the workers at an aluminum foundry. I have attempted to portray an average day in the lives' of these labourers. The subjects are captured in poignant and enduring moments alike,\" says the artist. The photograph of the old man with his arms on his waist, looking into the distance, with his head slightly bent (his tool room in the background) is a particularly profound shot. Another photograph, of three men around a table, bonding over a meal (what looks like Turkish bread and another traditional delicacy), makes you feel an instant connection with these strangers from another land. The idea that man is a social animal and yearns for the company of his fellow men (regardless of the circumstance) is prevalent. On the whole, the Turkish series, captured by the artist's Nikon 3d is experimental, avant-garde and reflective of human strength and sensibility combined.Two different cities. Each, a part of two different lands. One could draw contrasts. But, there is actually a connect: A genuine, peaceful and happy vibe, in both places. An imperial history in both places. Both striking an equally lyrical chord. And so, the contrasts remain mere illusions,'' says Shivani. The exhibition is on till November 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17235472", "title": "Milk firm told to give 1.2crore bank guarantee", "text": "MUMBAI: Demonstrating that company licensees of real estate in the city cannot escape liabilities for non-payment of rent, the Bombay high court has directed Dwarka Milk to furnish a bank guarantee of Rs 1.25 crore within four weeks.The amount is towards payment by Dwarka for office space it occupies as a licensee of an NRI-owned firm, Gulf Data Communications in Navi Mumbai.Gulf Data filed a winding-up petition in the HC on the grounds that the milk firm appeared \"insolvent'' as it failed to pay the nearly Rs 2 crore in licence rent dues since March 2012. The case was that Gulf Data owns premises on the ground plus two floors of BSEL Tech Park in Navi Mumbai. It said last November, Dwarka expressed interest in buying the premises for Rs 44 crore and paid Rs 2 crore as an advance with the condition they should be given possession immediately as a licensee for six months with Rs 37 lakh as monthly rent, at the end of which they would purchase by paying the balance.Dwarka said it stopped paying since the \"ground floor area is illegal\". But denying the allegation, the law firm S Kothari &amp; Co said since Dwarka was in possession it was obliged to pay the rent.On November 6, Justice Anoop Mohta said the milk firm \"failed and neglected to pay Rs 1.85 lakh as license fee from March 2012 to July 2012.\" The judge said \"settlement of dispute before arbitrator is a doubtful proposition\". The court said there was \"no specific denial to the contract as well as possession and rent of Rs 37 lakh per month'' from Dwarka and thus directed that failure to furnish the security would result automatically in an order restraining it from creating any third party rights on the property.The milk company assured the high court that it \"will not create any third party rights in the immovable property till December 5\" when the court will hear the matter next.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17236046", "title": "Prisoner commits suicide in Varanasi", "text": "VARANASI: A prisoner of Azamgarh district jail committed suicide by consuming some poisonous substance while under treatment in Varanasi on Thursday. However, the Azamgarh jail authorities described it as a suspected case of suicide.\"It appears to be a suspected case of suicide as the prisoner was a patient of epilepsy. However, a suicide note was also found from him. The matter is being investigated,\" jail superintendent, AK Mishra told TOI over the phone.According to him, Neeraj (25), son of Ram Pravesh, native of Rani Ki Sarai area, was lodged in Azamgarh district jail under sections 362, 266 and 376 IPC on April 16. Mishra said following a complaint of stomach problem, Neeraj was admitted to the Azamgarh district hospital on November 13, and later he was referred to the BHU hospital where he was admitted on November 14. \"Today, we received the news of his death.\" he said adding that the body was sent for postmortem.Bikes fall off flyover, 2 killed: A sharp turn on Pandeypur flyover turned into a deathtrap for three motorcycles that fell down from the flyover within a span of 24 hours, claiming two lives and critically injuring three others. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17235999", "title": "BJP, Congress ready for dance of democracy in Gujarat", "text": "BHOPAL: Post Diwali, the political parties in the state are getting ready for the next big event - Gujarat assembly elections. The state BJP has already prepared its list of party leaders including chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan, some of his ministers and MPs who will go campaigning for the party in the next one month. The Madhya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC), meanwhile, is awaiting instructions from New Delhi.The Congress office here said that who and where of the campaign will be decided after the party's ticket distribution is complete. Gujarat goes to the ballot boxes on December 13 and 17. Counting and results are scheduled for December 20.Sources in the state BJP said that organisational secretary Arvind Menon is in charge of planning MP unit's contribution to the Gujarat polls. Two high-level organisational poll meetings have been conducted in Baroda and Arvind Menon was present for both. No one is aware of the exact details planned by organisational secretary so far but for Gujarat polls 2007, Menon had formulated two lists - one in which the state BJP poster boys went to campaign for Narendra Modi and another management team to look into the polling booth arrangements.\"In 2007, a total of 400 BJP men were sent to Gujarat to be a part of the campaigning team or the management squad,\" a senior BJP leader said. \"We had four organisational leaders headed by Arvind Menon to figure out the BJP election group from the state,\" he added.Five years ago, Arvind Menon had sent the newly inducted chief minister Chouhan along with several of his ministers and a band of 50 MLAs. By 2012, much has changed as chief minister Chouhan has evolved as a sought after BJP poster boy himself with an impressive list of development achievements. \"When the party portrays Narendra Modi as the development man, the appearance of chief minister Chouhan further assures the voter that BJP governments have positive growth stories elsewhere too,\" the BJP leader explained. Soon as Diwali celebrations end, BJP workers will receive their marching orders to advance towards Ahmedabad.The state Congress is eagerly awaiting the call from New Delhi which will give the green signal for Mission Gujarat. \"The wait is nearly over,\" said party media-cell chairman Manak Agarwal. \"Ticket distribution to candidates will be over in the next three-four days and then we will plunge into the battlefield. Instructions from our New Delhi party headquarters might reach anytime,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17237260", "title": "Raksha, her mother struggled while living in Mysore: kin", "text": "MYSORE: Stock Guru scam co-accused Raksha (in pic) and her mother Maya Urs left Mysore after they allegedly got into debts, according to a family source.Maya, after losing her husband to an illness, was literally on the streets. It is said her family didn't help them as she had married againt her family's wishes. When all her efforts to run small businesses in Mysore failed, she fled the city a decade ago. At that time, Raksha was a grown-up, the source added.Recalling their past, Maya's distant relative told TOI that Maya left home and got \"married\" to Jayashankar of Siddartha Layout. For the next few years, she led a happy life but thereafter, following her husband's death, Maya struggled financially. She changed several houses here in a span of few years. Maya ran a canteen to eke out a living before trying her luck in running a paying guest hostel. But with her efforts falling flat, she may have left the city -- perhaps a decade ago-- and settled in Bangalore along with her only daughter. Raksha was recently arrested along with her husband Ulhas Prabhakar Khaire in a multi-crore scam unearthed by Delhi police.The relative claimed that Maya had borrowed money from people known to her. \"She may have left the city when the debts began to swell. I don't think Maya has any property in Mysore. I believe she is living in Bangalore,\" the relative added.According to Raksha's senior in school and a neighbour, both Raksha and her mother lived in an apartment in Chamarajapuram in mid-90s. \"At that time, Raksha was studying in Class VIII, and I was two years senior to her. Raksha was very bold and dreamt big in life,\" the neighbour added.Meanwhile, city police are checking the antecedents of Raksha and her mother, who lived here till early 2000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17235150", "title": "Onlooker injured in police firing, 2 cops in stone pelting", "text": "PUNE: An onlooker was injured in police firing in Sangli district, a few farmers and two policemen in stone-throwing in Kolhapur district and 75 state transport buses and many private vehicles were damaged during the farmers' agitation in the last two days in western Maharashtra.The Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghatana (SSS), which is demanding higher prices for the sugarcane crop, has decided to block the entry of ministers into the region. State minister Laxman Dhobale was forced to leave his cavalcade and escape on a motorcycle on Wednesday as the agitating farmers followed him near the pilgrim town of Pandharpur.In Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar's Madha constituency, farmers in Bembale village on Thursday burnt the effigies of Pawar and chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, condemning their \"apathetic attitude\" towards their demand. Pawar's effigy was also burnt by farmers at Vasagade village in Sangli district where farmer Chandrakant Nalawade was killed in police firing on Monday.Maharashtra state road transport corporation (MSRTC) head Jeevan Gore said that more than 75 buses were completely damaged in the last couple of days. The corporation would not ply buses until the agitation was completely withdrawn, he said, adding that thousands of state transport buses were taken off roads even as passengers were stranded across the region.Meanwhile, India Against Corruption leader Arvind Kejriwal , who has extended his support to the agitating farmers is likely to meet SSS leader and MP Raju Shetty in the Yerawada jail on Friday. Kejriwal is also scheduled to meet the families of the two farmers who were killed during the agitation.The Kolhapur police on Thursday opened fire in Kur village of Bhudargad ( Kolhapur district) to control the agitating farmers. Two police personnel and a few farmers were injured as the farmers resorted to stone pelting, police sources said. \"When a mob charged at the police who were on bandobast duty, they had to fire rounds in the air in self defence and to disperse the farmers,\" the sources said.In Sangli and Solpaur districts, state transport buses went off the roads as the farmers burnt a bus near Tunga village. The Solapur state transport depot on Thursday cancelled trips to Sangli and Kolhapur region. A 'rasta rook' and stone pelting were reported from Satara and Solapur districts.Shetty's bail application will come up for hearing before a Baramati court on Friday. Another SSS leader Sadabhau Khot was released on bail on Wednesday.\"We have decided to stop the vehicles of state ministers and block their entry into the region. Farmers will not allow ministers to move in the state unless our demands are met,\" Khot said.\"Sharad Pawar and his nephew Ajit Pawar are adding insult to injury.... They are protecting the sugar mill owners and depriving farmers of their rights. The state government has shown apathy towards farmers. The government eagerly talks to even terrorists. But here, we are answered with bullets,\" Khot said.Tension prevailed in Sangli on Wednesday after the police fired rounds to disperse the agitating farmers. Onlooker Praveen Patil, who was injured in the leg, was admitted to hospital.The Sangli police said they were compelled to fire in the air for \"self protection\" as the farmers marched towards the police station. However, Ashta farmers said that police fired without any warning during a \"peaceful agitation\".In Kolhapur district, the protesers set ablaze a police jeep and a truck carrying cane to Warna sugar mill, besides throwing stones at police personnel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17236028", "title": "Bhima plans 500 crore expansion", "text": "KOCHI: Bhima Group is planning to invest Rs 500 crore to expand its jewellery network, revealed B Girirajan, managing partner of Bhima Jewellers.\"Over the next two years, we will add another 12 showrooms to our existing string of shops. Thiruvananthapuram will get a new showroom in the town while Kochi will have another one at Tripunithura. Thalassery, Hyderabad, and Hassan are the other places where we are going to open showrooms,\" said Girirajan. \"Our plan is to invest Rs 500 crore for the new showrooms and it will be raised through bank debts,\" he added. This is a significant strategic change for Bhima, which operates as a fully family owned business. The group had been using its internal accruals to fund growth plans. This is the first time Bhima is going to use debt for future growth.The group is also contemplating an Initial Public Offer (IPO), Girirajan said. \"There is a suggestion to go for IPO next year, but we haven't decided on that,\" he added. Founded by K Bhima Bhattar at Alappuzha in 1925, Bhima has grown into a network of 23 shops across Kerala, Tamil Nadu , and Karnataka.Girirajan and his brothers on Wednesday formally started a unified marketing strategy for the group under the umbrella brand of 'Bhima Jewellers'. \"Girirajan and his brothers were following different strategies for different markets, and from now onwards, they will have a unified strategy for branding and expansion,\" said a source close to the family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "barnala", "code": "17240879", "title": "Advisors to Punjab CM for promoting industrial investment to initiate trade relations with Pak", "text": "BARNALA: When it comes to trade and industrial promotion in Punjab, witness to least industrial output in last many years, the buck starts from the men at the helm of affairs and the beneficiary turns out to be other Punjab. In a first of its kind endeavour, the two advisors to Punjab chief minister meant to promote industrial climate and investment have decided to push the business activity from own end for others to follow. Both have chosen the neighbouring country Pakistan to kick start it(industrial activity). If industrial house Nahar group, led by Kamal Oswal, industrial advisor to CM is going to open franchise stores of its flagship chain Monte Carlo in Pakistan, the advisor for industrial investment Rajinder Gupta led Trident group has decided to have bilateral relations by export cotton yarn and chemicals to Pakistan to further the group activity in paper and textiles. Both had accompanied Punjab deputy chief minister Sukhbir Singh Badal during his recent goodwill trip to Pakistan.Both Rajinder Gupta and Kamal Oswal have decided to promote industrial relations with the neighbouring country after Sukhbir Badal desired to open new links and promote trade between both the Punjabs(East and West). Both Trident and Nahar have also its industrial units in faraway Madhya Pradesh.Rajinder Gupta, who is vice chairman Punjab planning board and advisor to CM for industrial investment, talking to Times of India said \"Trident group' flagship company Abhishek industries is looking forward to export cotton yarn for the textiles and paper, chemicals for its paper unit. We could start it at the earliest may be after a Pak business delegation visits India next month. We would invite the delegation members to visit our units and explore possibilities of enhancing business\".Kamal Oswal' Nahar group on the other hand is going to open Monte Carlo stores in Lahore, Islamabad and Karachi, the three big cities of Pakistan as early as the beginning of 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "17235045", "title": "District shut down for second day", "text": "Berhampur: Life in Kandhamal district was badly hit on Thursday, the second day of the 48-hour bandh called by the joint action committee (JAC) protesting appointment of outsiders to sikhya sahayak posts in the district. Police arrested several persons, including president of the committee Lambodar Kanhar and its general secretary Anam Nayak, as preventive measures.Thursday was the last date for selected sikhya sahayak candidates to get their documents verified at various block offices of the district. A senior officer of the district said they would recommend the state government to extend the last date as several candidates could not turn up due to the two-day bandh.The JAC took out a procession without taking permission from the police, a police officer. The tussle between police and bandh supporters continued through out the day as the latter protested against their arrest. They felled trees to block roads at least at seven places in the district. Bandh supporters alleged police resorted to lathi charge, and even beat up the women who were taking part in the protest. Police however denied the allegations. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17237142", "title": "Hold more health camps, HC tells govt", "text": "BANGALORE: The high court on Thursday asked the government to hold statewide health camps, once in two months instead of three as proposed, to treat children suffering from malnutrition.\"Organize them in December; once in every two months. When everything is under control, you can hold quarterly camps,\" a division bench told additional advocate general KM Nataraj at the hearing of a PIL on malnutrition deaths. The bench felt three months is a long period to keep tabs on the situation.73K UNDERWEIGHT KIDSEarlier, a status report was submitted to the court on health camp held in mid-October. As per that, 48, 18,267 children in the age group of 0-6 years were weighed; 73,997 kids were found underweight and of these, 40,649 were examined by doctors.Treatment was given to 12,364 children and 2,479 children were referred to hospitals.In a separate affidavit, Madan Gopal, principal secretary to health department, said nutritional rehabilitation centres have been set up in 18 district hospitals across the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "darjeeling", "code": "17235774", "title": "Global exposure for Darjeeling zoo officials", "text": "DARJEELING: The Centre seems to have woken up to the problems plaguing the various zoos across the country. The government of India has invited officials of Durrell Wildlife Park (DWP) in Jersey Island to India to interact with zoo directors and educate them on conservation and breeding of endangered animals in captivity.This will be the first time that DWP will conduct the 'Durrell wildlife conservation trust endangered species recovery course' outside its premises. The five-day programme starting November 17 will be held at the Padmaja Naidu Himalayan Zoological Park (PNHZP) in Darjeeling.This will be followed by a zoo directors' meet that will be attended by additional chief secretary of forest Kumar Das and member secretary of CZA B S Bonal.Talking about the programme, A K Jha, the Darjeeling zoo director, said, \"DWP is known for its animal conservation and breeding program and imparting education to zoo professionals. They have never ventured outside. We will be highly benefited by interacting with officials of the renowned park.\"The zoo in Jersey has always concentrated on rare and endangered species and houses over 130 species.A female snow leopard, recently brought from Darjeeling, will be open to public view during this period. At present, it is being kept in quarantine on the zoo premises. According to the Central Zoo Authority (CZA) norms, two directors and two veterinaries are sent on training to DWP every year. But CZA though of inviting DWP officials in order to provide other zoo directors with the opportunity.The International Training Centre at the headquarters of the Durrell Wildlife Conservation Trust, Jersey Zoo, has been training overseas conservationists, many of them from developing country zoos, for more than twenty years.Thirty-four directors and veterinaries from across India will be participating in the programme. The session will be convened by four officials led by Jamie Copsey, head of the Durrell International Training Centre.The centre that has been training overseas conservationists for more than 20 years will talk on issues like future project formulation, genetic management, animal health, legislation and policies, breeding and enrichment program.The Centre has invited two directors and veterinaries each from the neighbouring countries of Bhutan, Nepal and Sri Lanka .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "17235055", "title": "Suspended BJD MLA heaps praises on Naveen", "text": "CUTTACK: For the first time after suspending Cuttack Choudwar MLA Pravat Biswal from the party for his involvement in the failed coup bid, BJD supremo Naveen Patnaik shared dais with him on Thursday. On the occasion of the foundation day of Ravenshaw University, both the leaders shared the same dais. Biswal utilized the occasion to mend his relationship with the BJD supremo. In his speech Biswal went gaga over Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik. He praised Patnaik for his contribution in the development of Ravenshaw university and state. He stated that Naveen Patnaik has changed the face of the state during his tenure.\"The chief minister has brought revolutionary change in the higher education sector . Infact, he has brought change in the entire state,\" said Biswal, while addressing the students. He also tried to strike an emotional chord with Cuttack Barabati MLA Debasis Samantray, with whom his relations were not so cordial, by addressing him as elder brother. On June 1, the CM had suspended Biswal from the party for his involvement in the coup bid, which was allegedly orchestered by dissident BJD MP Pyarimohan Mohapatra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17235221", "title": "Nearly 4 years on, Andheri road reopens", "text": "MUMBAI: The Four Bungalows junction in Andheri (W) has reopened for traffic after it was barricaded in January 2009 for construction of the Metro. With this, the arterial JP Road that handles all traffic in the suburbs is now free for movement up to Bhavan's College.The detour caused loss of precious time and fuel worth crores of rupees to motorists as well as BEST.Now however, traffic from Versova, Yari Road and Lokhandwala Complex can use Four Bungalows to travel directly to Andheri railway station. \"Since four years, we were forced to drive an additional 3.5km-4 km by using the diversion to Indian Oil junction via Laxmi Industrial Estate. Moreover, it was frustrating to see construction proceed at a snail's pace. Even now, I feel the road has reopened too late given that no work was visible at the Metro site since almost a year,\" said chartered accountant Ashit Desai, whose office is near Andheri station.BEST officials were also relieved that the arterial JP Road was free. \"We were running only two trips out of three on each bus route owing to the traffic jams due to the detour. We were losing approximately Rs 1,500 per truncated trip. These losses contribute a sizeable amount to the poor financial situation that BEST finds itself in. Buses that would return to the depot in 40 minutes were taking up to an hour and increasing waiting time at bus stops,\" said an official at Andheri (W) bus depot.However, the Andheri market stretch is yet to be functional and will be a one-way road once it is freed. Since the Metro work began, Western Railway has also seen a significant shift in commuter base from Andheri to Jogeshwari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17234426", "title": "Special Economic Zone Virodhi Manch wants probe into Goa Industrial Development Corporation's plot scam", "text": "MARGAO: The SEZ Virodhi Manch (SVM) has demanded a speedy investigation into the SEZ scam.The group has questioned the government's seriousness in taking action against former Goa Industrial Development Corporation (GIDC) corporation officials, including former chairman Babu Kavlekar, into the alleged illegal allotments for SEZ.SVM criticized the decision of the GIDC to file complaints against unknown persons when all records are available with them.\"The GIDC officials filing the complaint are aware of who the persons involved in the illegal allotment are,\" SVM working president Franky Monteiro said. \"We submitted documentary evidence with a criminal complaint and the names of officials of the GIDC, MLAs and company officials involved in the illegal allotment,\" Monteiro added. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17235301", "title": "BJP set to woo Poorvanchalis", "text": "NEW DELHI: With eyes on assembly polls scheduled next year, BJP is going all out to woo the Poorvanchali voters. Delhi BJP has decided to deploy around 10,000 karsewaks at 160 ghats for the Chhath Puja, which falls on November 19. \"Our karsewaks will assist people during the festival and we'll ensure that people don't face any inconvenience at the ghats,'' said Vijender Gupta.The party has placed a 13-point demand before the Delhi government. \"We want the government to declare a public holiday on Chhath. They should also ensure that the prices of fruits and other items are not increased during the festival,'' said Gupta.Meanwhile, Health Minister A K Walia directed the agencies concerned to make proper arrangements in all Chhath ghats along Yamuna so that devotees do not face any inconvenience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17235928", "title": "Children's day celebrated at Akki's Pathshala", "text": "NASHIK: Akki's Pathshala, the project started by Childline Nashik on October 2, to prevent school drop-outs, bring the underprivileged in the mainstream of the society and to prevent crime celebrated Children's Day with enthusiasm. The project is aimed to prevent school drop-outs, bring the underprivileged in the mainstream of the society and to prevent crime.Drawing books and colour boxes were distributed on the occasion. In the beginning, a photograph of Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru was garlanded by the chief guests. Many games were organized by Childline for the children. The children sang songs, took part in drawing and craft events. One hundred and fifty children of the project attended the event while 50 teenaged girls (Akkis, that is, elder sisters) of Vadari community worked as volunteers in this programme.Akki's Pathshala was started for children of the Vadari community at Lekhanagar, Cidco in NMC School No. 68. As part of the project, teenaged girls of the community are educated about teenage health in the library at Lekhanagar.At the event on November 14, children were evidently happy with the games organized for them and food and sweets were also distributed. The volunteers said that they were satisfied with the first such get-together for the children on occasion of Children's Day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17234812", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcMumbaikars fail to cash in on leave due to poor planning\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "MUMBAI: While natives of Delhi did not want to take time off and instead exchange their leave quota for money, Mumbaikars could not go on vacation as they were \"poor at planning ahead\".\"Last year, the top reasons for not taking a vacation, given by employees in Delhi, was that their bosses did not approve of it. This year, a majority of respondents (36%) said they wanted to encash their vacation days,\" the survey said.In south India, nearly 27% of respondents said they feared that an \"important work decision\" will be made in their absence. A total of 37% respondents said they wanted to save their leave, while 33% said lack of planning hampered their holiday plan.According to the survey, 24% of the south Indian respondents felt that \"work is their life\" and found it hard to get away. When it came to cancelling a vacation for a last-minute assignment, Delhiites at 68% lead the pack, followed by those from Mumbai (59%) and south Indians (56%). Holiday preference for Indians varied from beaches (32%) to romantic destinations (33%).\"People from Delhi prefer romantic holidays (39%), while those from Mumbai (38%) head for beaches and south Indians lead in city holidays,\" said the survey.While south Indians preferred holidaying during summer (53%), those from Delhi gave equal preference to both summer (39 %) and winter (36%) holidays. Nearly 41% people from Mumbai preferred a winter getaway.The survey also found that the number of Indians who travelled with friends dipped by five points, but still were the highest globally at 41%. A large number, 58%, travelled with family. \"Mumbai leads the family travelling at 61%, followed by south India (59%),\" the survey states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17234155", "title": "Stockguru scam: Are Delhi cops quizzing Ulhas\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s brother?", "text": "NAGPUR: The mystery regarding the mega fraudster Ulhas Khaire's elder brother Vinod deepened as TOI tried to trace the family members of the man who faces allegations of cheating 2.50 lakh investors of 1,100 crore.Though the whereabouts of Vinod and his absence from work during the last fortnight remained unanswered questions, a highly placed source in the economic offence wing of the Delhi police claimed they know where Vinod was leading to speculation whether they were quietly quizzing him. Though Ulhas claimed he had snapped ties with the family in 2004, a senior official of the Delhi police admitted they were examining his statement. It is also learnt that a Delhi police team had come to city earlier this year and had collected several documents pertaining to Khaire family which included the sale deed of their family residence 'Vithaldham' in Laxmi Nagar.The Nagpur-born Ulhas and his wife and co-accused Raksha J Urs, are said to have cheated lakhs of investors through their company Stock Guru India in several states of India after having fled from the city in 2003. It is learnt that Ulhas is grandson of a retired official of the rank of deputy collector who served in Wardha and other places. His father Prabhakar was mentally disturbed. They stayed at their Laxmi Nagar residence 'Vithaldham' (M A-1 MIG colony) which was bought from Maharashtra Housing and Area Development Authority ( Mhada).The place was later sold to Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar Urban Co-operative Bank Ltd in 2001. Sources in the bank informed that Delhi police had procured the sale deed from them earlier this year.Vinod Khaire, the elder brother of Ulhas, is also likely to be on the radar of Delhi Police in connection with the Stock Guru India scam. It is also learnt that Ulhas, unhappy with the price quoted for their home in the city, had refused to sell the place threatening to turn it into a urinal instead. Ulhas, brother Vinod, sister and mother got equal share from the proceeds. Initially, the four were paid 60,000 and later 6 lakh each, said a bank official.The family, way back in 1992, had sold off their wine shop licence to Chourasias. \"Ulhas's grandfather used his contacts to ensure that the formalities were hastened in different departments,\" said the present shop owner. He has retained the old name of PVK wines with only difference of having removed full-stops between each alphabet.Ulhas's married elder sister did not want to speak when TOI approached her. \"I had severed ties with him after my marriage,\" was what she said. When asked about whereabouts of elder brother Vinod, she denied having any clue about him too.Intriguingly, Vinod's temporary address mentioned in the office, where he worked for around a month now, also mentioned the same locality where the elder sister is currently staying.Though Ulhas's elder sister denied having any contact with her siblings, her emotions brimmed over at the mention of their mother. The woman also refused to divulge whereabouts of her mother stating that she could not anything that would trouble the old woman.If the elder sister chose to remain an enigma, there were number of unexplained questions around Vinod. He gave Laxmi Nagar home as permanent address in his office though the property has long been sold. The temporary address of Vinod in Sharma layout too raised several questions. Local residents claimed there are two localities known as Sharma Layout in the area behind Matey petrol pump. In one Sharma layout, the temporary address furnished by Vinod was a locked place that belongs to a family staying away from Nagpur. The other Sharma layout has only 11 plots but Vinod's address said he stayed one numbered 13.Sources in Vinod's office claimed he has been absent from work for around a fortnight. A call from office found Vinod in a disturbed state of mind. He claimed he was worried about his brother who has been missing. This statement contradicts the claim by Ulhas before the Delhi police that he had no connection with his Nagpur family to whom he had relayed information of his 'death' in 2004.Highly-placed sources in Delhi police, when apprised of the situation, said they were aware of Vinod's whereabouts. \"We know where he is,\" a senior officer said when told of the confusion about address.Ulhas was arrested on May 6, 2003, by Sitabuldi police for cheating. He is learnt to have cheated his partners in PVK group to the tune of 10 lakh. Police sources claimed he was a proclaimed offender in Nagpur. In the same period, Ulhas was threatened with dire consequences for money for which he had lodged a complaint at Dhantoli police station too. The increasing complications in his life and police after him are likely to have made Ulhas sneak away from city.Ulhas and his wife Raksha are now said to own several sophisticated cars apart from having 94 accounts in 20 banks. Police have already seized a dozen cars including a Mercedes. Several documents of properties in Delhi, Goa and elsewhere have been confiscated from the swindler couple who had also cheated many aspiring psychotherapy students at Dehradun.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17236360", "title": "Assistant flees with Rs 7 lakh of boss, wife", "text": "GURGAON: A director of a finance company has lodged an FIR against his former personal assistant (PA) on the charge of withdrawing Rs 7 lakh from his and his wife's accounts by cheques after forging their signatures. At the time of the incident the director was abroad with his family. The accused fled with the money, but not before sending a Diwali greeting by SMS to his boss. The FIR was lodged at the Palam Vihar police station. According to police, Asheesh Sarin, resident of Sector 22, 'Gurgaon-1' condominium, lodged a complaint with Palam Vihar police against his former PA Dushyant Sharma. Sarin is a director of his Alpha Finance Company and Dushyant was working with him as PA. Dushyant was looking after all of Sarin's work including his bank accounts and other personal work. The cheque books of Sarin and his wife were also with Dushyant. In May 2012, when Sarin was going abroad with the family, Dushyant forged the signatures of Sarin and his wife on their cheques and withdrew Rs 4.5 lakh from Sarin account and Rs 2.5 lakh from Sarin's wife account of a private bank. A total of Rs 7 lakh was withdrawn on May 24. While on his trip abroad, Sarin got the message from the bank that Rs 7 lakh was withdrawn. After returning to India, Sarin tried to contact his PA, but he wouldn't answer the phone. Dushyant had also stopped working with him. Sarin also filed a complaint against the private bank. In the recent complaint, Sarin told police that on Diwali (Tuesday), Dushyant sent him a Diwali greeting message on his mobile phone. \"Based on the statement of Asheesh Sarin, we have lodged an FIR against Dushyant Sharma under Sections 420/ 467/ 468/ 471/ 406 of IPC,\" said ASI Surendra Singh, the investigating %officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17235316", "title": "Tamil Nadu gulps down liquor worth Rs 250 crore this Diwali", "text": "CHENNAI: The state-owned Tamil Nadu State Marketing Corporation (Tasmac), the authorised agency to sell liquor in the state, witnessed a cracker of a Diwali as tipplers downed liquor worth 250 crore in five days. Liquor sales shot up by about 25% this Diwali compared to the previous year. Tasmac sources said last year the corporation earned Rs 250 crore.On Tuesday alone, the state government raked in a revenue of about 70 crore. Government retail outlets, hotels and restaurants sold more than 2.7 lakh cases of hard liquor on Diwali day. Brandy was the most preferred liquor followed by rum, whiskey and vodka. Brandy constitutes about 80% of the total hard liquor sale. A senior official from Tasmac said until Thursday last about 1.4 lakh cases of hard liquor were being sold daily, which was normal.However, since Friday there was a sudden spurt in sales. While 2.5 lakh cases of hard liquor were sold on Friday, sales rose to 2.6 lakh cases on Saturday and 2.65 lakh cases on Sunday. Monday being a working day, sales dropped to 1.8 lakh cases. \"We anticipated liquor sale to cross 200 crore during Diwali this year. So, we ensured that there were enough stocks in all our outlets,\" a Tasmac official said.There are more than 6,800 Tasmac outlets across the state. At each retail outlet, there are stocks worth 35 lakh to 50 lakh to ensure continuous supply throughout the day to consumers.\"Many customers purchased in bulk in advance fearing that their choice of liquor may not be available on Diwali day,\" said a Tasmac supervisor.Officials claim that increase in price of liquor also contributed to the exchequer's increased earnings this season. Liquor prices of all brands increased by 10 to 20 per bottle depending on the quantity and quality. The state government had earned 18,081 crore from liquor sales last year.In the case of beer, there were not too many takers during Diwali as the climate is pleasant this time of the year. About 70,000 cases of beer were sold this season. Sales in other cities like Coimbatore, Madurai and Trichy were also high this time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17236126", "title": "Auraiya blast toll rises to nine", "text": "KANPUR: Death toll in the Monday night firecrackers blast in Himmatnagar village of Auraiya district has risen to nine, as another victim Rohit son Subhash succumbed to injuries on Wednesday. Doctors, meanwhile, stated the condition of Rohit's brother Mohit critical.\"My son Rohit was lured by a firecracker unit owner Maujilal's daughter-in-law Nanhi, who had promised him a good sum for manufacturing firecrackers. She had locked my son and five other children in a room who got trapped and were killed in the powerful blast,\" alleged Subhash.Asked how firecrackers were being manufactured in such a congested residential area, the police official said, \"This was shocking and we have already suspended four policemen, including Yaqoobpur police out-post in charge Udal Singh and three police constables in this regard. We are still conducting investigations into every angle.\" The forensic team which searched the spot on Tuesday is yet to give its report, added another police official.At least eight persons, including seven of a family, were killed and 11 others injured in a major blast in a stockpile of firecrackers in Himmatpur locality in Auraiya district, late Monday night. The injured were undergoing treatment at the Lala Lajpat Rai hospital and private nursing homes of the city. The blast was so strong that not only the house where the firecrackers were stocked, at least four adjoining houses were also badly damaged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17236362", "title": "Japanese PM discusses political situation with Manmohan Singh", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after his abrupt announcement to dissolve parliament put paid to India-Japan annual summit meet, PM Yoshihiko Noda called up his counterpart Manmohan Singh to explain the \"fast paced\" political developments in his country. Noda had on Wednesday announced his intention to dissolve the lower house of Japanese parliament on November 16 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the day he was scheduled to have a bilateral meeting with Singh \u00e2\u20ac\u201d leading to India's decision to call off the visit for now.\"The two Prime Ministers welcomed the fact that the India-Japan Strategic and Global Partnership is stronger than ever before,\" said a statement by the foreign ministry. \"Keeping in view that the dissolution of the Japanese lower house of parliament would be announced on November 16, it was felt that the visit to Japan of the Prime Minister of India can take place at a later date,'' it added.Reviewing bilateral ties, the two PMs also welcomed the conclusion of the agreement on social security as well as the memorandum on cooperation in the rare earths industry in India and looked forward to early signing of these two documents.\"The two Prime Ministers reiterated their desire to maintain the schedule of annual summits and agreed that fresh dates for the visit of the Prime Minister to Japan will be discussed through diplomatic channels,'' it said.The Indian PM was to visit Japan for three days in the first leg of his two-nation tour beginning on Thursday to November 20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17234330", "title": "Two-fold rise in number of drivers without licence", "text": "NAGPUR: City police have noticed a two-fold rise in instances of motorists driving without licence in Nagpur this year. They have decided to launch an intensive drive to identify such motorists.Last year, the traffic police department registered 612 cases against people driving without licence till October. This year the number is 1,484 cases in the same period. In 2011 (from January to October), the traffic police had recovered 7.67 lakh fine from 612 violators, while this year the fine has been around 13.11 lakh. Senior PI Avinash More said, \"Our drive is particularly against teenagers driving without licence. We want to strongly discourage this practice. As and when, we come across such offenders, we book them as well as the owner of the vehicle.\"\"Under the Motor Vehicles Act, 1988, those in the 16-18 age group are eligible to drive only gearless two-wheelers. For motorcycles with gears or cars the driver should be 18 years of age,\" said a road transport authority official. In Nagpur, parents purchase scooters for kids as soon as they clear SSC exams or even earlier, said More. A person driving without a valid licence is imposed 500 penalty or faces an imprisonment up to three months. More clarified that these were the cases being caught. Actually there were many more people driving without licence.\"I made it very clear to my daugther Bhamini that she will not be allowed to drive a vehicle unless she is 18 or gets a driving licence. I feel every parent must be strict in this regard as we have witnessed many mishaps because of parents' lackadaisical attitude,\" said Congress corporator Abha Pande.Another parent Harish Akotkar, a businessman, said, \"It is good to know that traffic personnel are taking up such a campaign. There are instances when children don't listen to their parents or cheat on them and in such circumstances, I feel the traffic police can come to their aid.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17236159", "title": "Files of 9 secretaries to PMs destroyed", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government has admitted in response to an RTI that it has destroyed the files of nine of the 22 secretaries/principal secretaries to the Prime Minister. This was disclosed in response to an innocuous query regarding the pay given to the secretary or principal secretary to the premier.In its reply, the Prime Minister's Office (PMO) said that it did not have information on nine officials, including H V R Iyengar \u00e2\u20ac\u201d secretary to the first PM Jawajaharlal Nehru \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and others like A V Pai, P N Haksar and B G Deshmukh. The RTI application was filed by Dev Ashish Bhattacharya, who had sought to know the name, pay scale and tenure of the secretary to the President and secretary in the PMO. There also appeared to be no method to the process of \"destruction\" of records with Pai's records destroyed on February 28, 1978, while his successor Dharma Vira's personal file was destroyed four years earlier in 1974.Incidentally, the PMO has given the pay scale of P C Alexander and Sarla Grewal as Rs 3,500, but destroyed the file of their successor B G Deshmukh in 2001. Similarly, as secretary to the PM, P N Dhar was in the pay grade of Rs 3,500 but information on his successors like V Shankar and Krishnaswamy Rao Sahib is unavailable as their personal files have been \"destroyed\".The government's policy for destruction or preservation of records is guided by the Public Records Act. According to government sources in the know, each department has a policy for keeping and destruction of public records depending on the sensitivity and utility of the information. A source said, \"Records are destroyed according to the departmental policy and there is a process followed. It is difficult to say why one set of files was destroyed before the others.''The President secretariat even denied information to Bhattacharya, arguing that such details were not readily available and would require compilation that would disproportionately divert resources of the public authority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17237244", "title": "I've done no wrong, says Karnataka State Open University: VC Rangappa", "text": "MYSORE: Karnataka State Open University vice-chancellor K S Rangappa on Thursday denied that he modified admission norms to clear the decks for his son's entry into a college but accused the University of Mysore (UoM) authorities of hounding him.\"I'm honest and have done no wrong. I'll resign if I've done so,\" he said asserting that UoM was targeting him for the change of admission norms at the autonomous Yuvaraja's College where his son did his degree course. \"I was one of the members of the admission committee and not its chairman. Besides, due to my son's admission, no student was denied entry. Actually five among 20 seats went vacant,\" he said. Rangappa was referring to the admission of his son to the premier autonomous college in 2006 when the norms were changed with cut-off marks decreased to 45 per cent from 55 per cent.The VC said his son had failed in the II PU exams and was not an applicant when the cut-off percentage was changed. In fact it was one month after the Yuvaraja's College changed the norms that he got his supplementary exam results, he told reporters. The committee is entitled to change the norms, he asserted, adding that it was approved by competent authorities. The UoM is probing whether there was any nepotism involved.Asked whether UoM was being vindictive, Rangappa said: \"The University of Mysore has been keeping this issue alive since 2006. Why is that?\" Referring to the change of guard at the varsity in early December, he said it is a re-run of 2006 when charges were made against him to deny him the VC's post. However, he said he has no knowledge about a committee headed by joint director of collegiate education K S Prabhakar, a Syndicate member that is probing the charges. \"I don't have to worry as I've got records too,\" he said. Rangappa taught at the University of Mysore before he was elevated as the KSOU V-C.The KSOU had turf battle with the Mysore varsity when it checkmated it petitioning the governor-chancellor not to allow the oldest varsity in the state to offer correspondence courses. The governor red-flagged the move. The KSOU was carved out of the University of Mysore in 1996.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17239783", "title": "Are 'sparks flying' between ScarJo and Leonardo DiCaprio?", "text": "Scarlett Johansson and Leonardo DiCaprio , both of whom are single right now, are reportedly spending a lot of time in each other's company.Both the stars are apparently growing close at the moment, with claims that they met for a dinner date recently.\"Last year, Scarlett read for the part of Daisy in The Great Gatsby and met Leo for dinner [the part eventually went to Carey Mulligan]\" the Herald Sun quoted a source as telling Heat magazine.\"They had great chemistry but the timing wasn't really right.\"Scarlett and Leo are bumping into each other a lot in New York and LA and sparks are flying,\" the source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "17236337", "title": "Teenager raped in Jhajjar district", "text": "ROHTAK: A 13-year-old girl was raped by a youth in Nangla village of Jhajjar district on Tuesday. The accused youth, Govind alias Gopi, 24, an unemployed youth, called the girl to his house on some pretext when the girl was alone on Tuesday afternoon. Police said that the accused warned the girl, a student of Class 5 in the village's government school, not to report the incident to anyone and sent her back home. In the evening, when her family members returned, they found the girl behaving abnormally. After much cajoling the child revealed the incident to them. The Dulina police post in-charge, Satya Narayan, said that the girl's parents informed police about the incident after which police nabbed the accused who is a truck driver from a nearby village on Tuesday night. ,The girl was taken to the Civil Hospital for medical examination where the sexual assault was confirmed by the doctor. The police official informed that the police had registered a case under Sections 376 (rape), 342 (wrongful confinement) and 506 (criminal intimidation) and arrested the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17235292", "title": "Over 50% of borewells dug by PCMC not in use: MNS", "text": "PUNE: The environment cell of the Pimpri-Chinchwad unit of the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena has said that over 50% of borewells dug by the municipal corporation between 2004 and 2011 are not in use. The MNS has also alleged that PCMC doesn't have any record of the borewells dug before 2004.Raju Savale, vice-president, environment cell of the MNS, said the borewells are not in working condition despite the corporation spending Rs 40.63 lakh on repairs and maintenance for the last eight years. Speaking to mediapersons, Savale said volunteers of the environmental cell conducted a survey of the borewells in the city, and \"we found that many of the borewells are not in use. Some do not even have a hand pump. In some cases, a new borewell has been dug up close to an existing one.\"The party, he said, sought information under RTI about the number of borewells dug by the municipal corporation since 1982. Savale said the civic body has been digging borewells since its inception in 1982, but it's astonishing that they do not have the data on borewells dug between 1982 onwards till 2003. \"Civic officials did not have the records of the borewells. They had to spend considerable time and energy for collecting the requisite data,\" Savale said.\"The civic body has released the information under RTI that 527 borewells were dug from 2004 to 2012, and spent Rs 40.63 lakh, for digging, and for their repair and maintenance. They do not have separate information about the money spent on repair and maintenance. A total of 283 borewells are in working condition while 244 are not. This means around 50% of the borewells are unusable,\" he said.Anant Korhale, group leader of the MNS corporators in the PCMC said, \"The civic body doesn't have any data about the borewells dug up by housing societies or private property owners in their premises. The civic body should have complete information about all borewells in the municipal corporation limits, whether it was dug by the corporation or a private party, whether the water is potable or not, the reasons for the borewells not in use, why was it constructed - following the demands of the local residents or by the civic body's own accord, the depth at which the water was found, and other details.\" Korhale said these details can be useful in the event of a water crisis situation.Manoj Salunke, president, Pimpri Chinchwad unit of the MNS, said, \"Every year Pimpri-Chinchwad residents face the problems of water shortage after the rainy season. Therefore, there is a need for the municipal corporation to properly plan the use of drinking water as well as groundwater so that it can satisfy the needs of the citizens of potable and non-potable water. We will wait for a month for the civic body to take action to make all borewells work. If the civic body fails to do so, we will conduct an agitation,\"Prakash Kadam, additional commissioner, PCMC, could not be contacted in spite of repeated attempts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17236557", "title": "Bangalore gets winter early, shivers at 13\u00c2\u00b0C", "text": "BANGALORE: Bangalore got a foretaste of winter with the mercury plunging to a low of 13 degrees Celsius early Thursday. And the mercury could go down further in the next two days.The sudden dip in mercury was caused by cold and dry winds that blew into Karnataka from the northeast. A dry and hot Raichur recorded its lowest minimum temperature in 120 years at 11.4 degrees Celsius. Chamarajnagar remained Karnataka's coldest at 9.5 degrees.The scheduled winter season is two weeks away. The weatherman said the cold conditions in interior parts of the state will continue for another 2-3 days.Bangalore Met department director B Puttanna said: \"The minimum temperature has dropped drastically in the past two days in many parts of Karnataka, especially in the interior region. On the outskirts of Bangalore, the temperature was around 10 degrees Celsius on Thursday morning. It is likely to dip further in the next couple of days.\" Explaining the reason behind the sudden chill, Puttanna said: \"The northeast monsoon is weak in Karnataka , and the skies are clear. This reduces the solar radiation during the evening and brings down the temperature.\"Agrometeorologist M B Rajegowda said: \"The dry winds are blowing in from the northeast towards entire interior Karnataka. Raichur is the entry point to interior Karnataka. So the temperature has come down suddenly in that part. Other interior parts in the state, too, will soon register a dip in the temperature. This weather is likely to remain till mid-January as winter will set in by mid-December.\"MERCURY FALLINGMinimum temperature in Bangalore dips to 13C, season's lowest Raichur records 120-year low of 11.4C Chamarajanagar remains coldest in the state at 9.5C Dry winds blowing from northeast bringing chill Cold wave to prevail for the next 2-3 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17235205", "title": "Abandoned baby still in neonatal ICU", "text": "MUMBAI: The seven-day-old baby boy who had been abandoned by his mother at the KEM Hospital in Parel continues to stay in the neonatal intensive care unit.On Thursday, doctors at the hospital said that the baby boy was being taken care of by the nurses. His mother Swati Sonawane, who is in her 20s, had been admitted after being diagnosed with a heart condition within a week of delivering the baby.On Monday afternoon, she had stepped out of the ward, telling hospital staffers that she was going to feed the baby. However, Swati never returned.The hospital said the cops were informed about the case on Monday but both the Khar as well as the Bhoiwada police said they had no such information.According to information available with the hospital, Sonawane is a resident of Khar Danda. The baby is being fed from the hospital's milk bank", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17235776", "title": "Airports Authority of India sits on airport traffic plan as passengers miss flights", "text": "KOLKATA: In the past two years, over 200 passengers travelling out of Kolkata missed their flights despite reaching the airport on time. It has also made life hell for lakhs of commuters who cut through the airport to travel to places like Birati, Madhyamgram, Barasat and Basirhat. Yet, a simple rejig of the traffic movement could have spared them all of anguish. But though the proposal has been lying before Airports Authority of India for nearly two months, the latter is yet to act on it.The problem at the airport is over a traffic snarl that ensnares traffic within the airport twice a day: 9-11am and 5-8pm. That is when passengers arriving or departing in flights scheduled around this time get entangled with people from the northeastern fringes of the city commuting to work or back. While VIP Road-bound traffic from Jessore Road clogs the airport road and leaves arriving passengers fretting in the mornings, the reversal happens in the evening when departing passengers get caught in the mess as soon as they turn into the airport from VIP Road.The big problem is a short 1-km stretch of four-lane road between airport gate no. 1 on VIP Road and gate no 2{+1}{+/}{+2} on Jessore Road. With thousands of vehicles jostling for the two lanes on the eastern flank in the morning and western flank in the evening, it takes 30-40 minutes to do the distance when it should take only a minute. And though it's a daily problem, it escalates when airport traffic shoots up, particularly in the festive season.\"In the run-up to the Pujas, there are dozens of no-shows. Passengers call frantically from within the airport, complaining of being caught in a traffic snarl and requesting that they be accommodated in flights. Unfortunately, there are strict guidelines for maintaining on-time performance that hinders us from viewing such cases compassionately all the time. But we do have to make exceptions when the crew itself gets caught in the jam,\" an airline official said.The problem assumed such alarming proportions that airport authorities proposed the road be shut to outside traffic each evening. But Bidhannagar Police rejected it, pointing out that it would trigger further chaos at gate no.1 and lead to snarls on VIP Road. Some even feared a law and order situation if people blocked the road to protest to right of way.So the police mooted an alternative proposal that could ease the situation for both airport bound traffic as well as commuters. According to the plan, vehicles headed for either the domestic or international terminal would move to the left lane of VIP Road after crossing Kaikhali and take the right turn flyover that leads to the yet-to-be-commissioned integrated terminal. From there, the vehicles would turn left into an airport road used by passengers alone. Vehicles bound for domestic flights would take the first right turn while those taking international flights would drive right till the end and then turn right.\"During peak hours, around 75% vehicles carry commuters. It is the 25% vehicles carrying passengers that suffer most. Many miss flights. Not just the airport, the city too earns a bad name. If the new traffic plan is implemented, it will be beneficial to all,\" a senior police officer said. The right turn flyover was completed over six months ago and has been lying idle since the new terminal is yet to be commissioned.The plan was prepared by Bidhannagar Police and submitted by commissioner to state home secretary who forwarded it to AAI chairman in Delhi. Thereafter, nothing has happened. This puja, several passengers missed the flights after getting caught in the traffic snarl that could have easily been avoided.Airport sources said they did not wish to open the flyover to traffic till the new terminal is commissioned as that would give easy access to the facility when security is thin. The terminal is yet to be handed to Central Industrial Security Force and is currently manned by a skeletal private security staff. \"That is a poor excuse to not spare people of so much trouble. The number of guards can be enhanced. Police are also willing to depute more constables to regulate the traffic after the diversion. What is missing is the will of airport authorities,\" said another airline official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17235310", "title": "Experts predict rise in malicious emails, cyber warfare in 2013", "text": "PUNE: Cyber security software firms have warned that with the increase use of mobile communication devices and an overlap of work-related and personal data will present a serious threat of data theft and other malware attacks in 2013.The firms also said there is a likelihood of more governments entering the cyber warfare arena and an increase in timed and targeted spear-phishing email attacks, along with an increase in malicious email attachments next year.Websense Security Labs, predicted that mobile devices will be the new target for cross-platform threats, especially on Windows 8 , Android and iOS. They added that threats to Microsoft mobile devices will see the highest rate of growth.As per the McAfee Threats Report for the third quarter 2012 reported that mobile malware almost doubled the previous quarter's total and revealed an all-time high in database breaches. It also saw jumps in some categories of malware, including ransomware and signed binaries.Websense said cybercriminals are similar to legitimate application developers. \"As development barriers are removed, mobile threats will be able to leverage a huge library of shared code. Social engineering lures to capture user credentials on mobile devices will be used. Cybercriminals will use bypass methods to avoid traditional sandbox detection. More organizations are utilizing virtual machine defenses to test for malware and threats. As a result, attackers are taking new steps to avoid detection by recognizing virtual machine environments,\" the report said.The report said the year 2013 will see an increase in government-sponsored attacks as more governments are expected to enter the cyber-warfare arena. \"In the wake of several publicized cyber-warfare events, there are a number of contributing factors that will drive more countries toward these strategies and tactics,\" the report said, adding that countries and individual cybercriminals all have access to the blueprints for previous state-sponsored attacks like Stuxnet , Flame and Shamoon.\"The past year illustrated how quickly the threat landscape continues to evolve, with attacks and exploits redefining the concepts of crime, business espionage and warfare. The risk to organizations continues to be amplified by the frailty of human curiosity. It's now expanding across diverse mobile platforms, evolving content management systems and an ever-increasing population of online users,\" said Charles Renert, vice president of Websense Security Labs.\"2013 will absolutely reinforce the fact that traditional security measures are no longer effective in thwarting advanced cyber attacks. Organizations and security providers need to evolve toward more pro-active real-time defenses that stop advanced threats and data theft,\" he added.Vincent Weafer, senior vice president of McAfee Labs, said, \"Cybercrime exhibits few signs of slowing down. Though we tend to highlight the numbers, the fact is that we continue to see increased sophistication of attacks. Cybercrime, hacktivism, and cyber warfare are in a continual state of evolution. Everyone from governments to large enterprises, small business and home users are facing a wider range of digital threats from these forces, as they gain more actionable intelligence on their victims, and leverage the newest attack platforms and exploits tools to launch their campaigns. We all need to equip ourselves with basic situation awareness to our online risks and how best to prevent and combat these threats.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17236458", "title": "Karnataka\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s power self-sufficiency depends on coal blocks: Shobha Karandlaje", "text": "MANGALORE: Karnataka can achieve self-sufficiency in power generation by the end of 2014, making it the second state in India to do so after Gujarat. This, however, can be achieved with a little help and push from the Union government that has to allot coal blocks for the proposed thermal power projects that Karnataka is taking up within the state and in Chhattisgarh state, said minister for power Shobha Karandlaje here on Thursday.Laying the foundation stone for the corporate office of Mangalore Electricity Power Supply Company, Shobha said Chhattisgarh government has acquired 1,300 acres of land for the project and the state government has paid Rs 280 crore as compensation to the evacuees. \"Chhattisgarh government has also given dedicated water supply,\" she said, adding that the progress of the project depends on Centre allocating dedicated coal linkage.Civil works on the 2,400MW supercritical thermal power plants at Yeramaras and Bellary thermal power plants are under progress and work on the other 2,400MW supercritical thermal power plant planned at Yedlapur will be taken up shortly, she said.Once the centre gives dedicated coal blocks, requisite clearances from Union ministry of environment and forests will follow and this has been the major hitch in their progress so far, she said.The state government, which has added 4,500MW of power in the last 4-1/2 years, is looking forward to go ahead with the foundation stone laying ceremony of gas-fired power project at Bidadi near Bangalore by the end of this month. Pointing fingers at the Centre for its reluctance to supply LNG for this project, Shobha said the government is determined to purchase gas in the international open market if the need so arises and go ahead with the project.Observing that Karnataka witnessed a 24% growth in demand for power in a one-year period from July 2011 to June 2012, she said the national average for the same period was 12%-13%.This is mainly due to the increase in number of domestic connections, IP sets and industrial users, she said, adding that the challenge was to meet this demand while ensuring quality power supply to all stakeholders and also coming down hard on instances of power thefts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17238668", "title": "Mary Kom is my inspiration: Kajal Aggarwal", "text": "Actress Kajal Aggarwal who has been busy shooting back to back for her films lined up down south recently wrapped up her shoot for Thuppakki opposite Vijay. Thuppakki released on November 9th this year. Kajal Aggarwal who has for the most part of her career played the role of the sweet docile girl next door is very excited about her role in Thuppakki where she plays Boxer Nisha.When asked more about her role, Kajal adds \"In Thuppakki I play the role of Nisha who is this strong willed, impulsive girl and it is very different from the roles I have done previously. In fact when it came to the boxing sequences I watched a lot of Mary Kom's matches. She really inspired me and initially I started watching her matches to just understand and learn her body language but later I was totally gripped and I was following her bouts at the 2012 Olympics.\"A source from the set added that, \"The role of Nisha was quite challenging for Kajal but she really managed to pull it off well. Kajal was extremely happy that she was given the opportunity to play the role of a boxer. She enjoyed playing the role of a boxer and really learned a lot and probably explored the athlete in her that she thought was nonexistent!\"For Thuppakki Kajal's costumes have been styled and designed by Komal Shahani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "17235067", "title": "Pro-animal law sacrificed on the altar of ritual", "text": "Kendrapada: Though the Jajpur administration carried out an awareness campaign to stop animal sacrifice, around 130 goats and lambs were decapitated at the Kali temple in Katarapur on Wednesday. \"I was present in the temple till 11 am on Wednesday but after my departure some villagers sacrificed the animals,\" said Maheswar Panigrahi, the sub-collector of Jajpur.Priests Adikanda Panda and Dhirendra Panda defended the practice. \"The goddess is pleased when she gets blood and fulfills the wishes of people,\" said Adikanda. Dhirendra was quite vocal. \"Since time immemorial, a large number of devotees have been sacrificing animals in the temple on Kali puja. Neither the district administration nor the judiciary has any right to interfere in the religious tradition. Every day, butchers kill goats, chickens and other animals at public places but no step is taken against them,\" said Dhirendra, defending the tradition.But Sudhanshu Parida the secretary of the district unit of People for Animals said, \"It is cruel and inhumane. We've always been a superstitious country, but I don't think sacrifice has to be part of the Hindu religion.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17236073", "title": "Aung San Suu Kyi to visit Anantapur", "text": "HYDERABAD: Myanmar's democracy icon Aung San Suu Kyi plans to visit Papasanipalli village in Andhra Pradesh's Anantapur district on November 17 to witness rural development programmes. Suu Kyi will be accompanied by Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh and chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy, official sources said here on Wednesday.They will witness a powerpoint presentation on rural development and interact with members of self-help groups and witness NREGS activities, they said. Meanwhile, the chief minister plans to visit Bangalore on Friday to attend the Southern Zonal Council meeting.On Sunday, he will inaugurate the Malyala Lift Irrigation Scheme and open the AVR-HNSS irrigation project, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17235849", "title": "Bus fare revision runs into trouble", "text": "KOLKATA: Problems plaguing the revised bus fares were discussed Anomalies, if any, in the revised bus fares came to the forein a meeting at Writers' Buildings on Thursday. The group of ministers present at the meet has asked the Regional Transport Authority to review the new fare structure and state if there are any incongruities.would examine if there were anomalies in the fare structure after the latest revision in the fares.\"The government still maintains that the bus fare must not rise by more than Re 1 in any stage,\" industries minister Partha Chatterjee said, adding that: \"This was the original intention of the government. But we are hearing that in some stages the fares have gone up by Rs 3 or 4. The anomalies must be corrected and , whether by mistake or by design.those responsible for this must desist.\"However, he did not offer any explanation if the fare stages, too, need any rationalization.Chief minister Mamata Banerjee had earlier expressed displeasure at unwarranted increases in bus fares, hence the hurried consultation to review the fares.Apart from Chatterjee, finance minister Amit Mitra and transport minister Madan Mitra were also present in the meeting. Trinamool Congress MLA Swarna Kamal Saha was summoned to the meet for expert opinion.It was learnt from transport department sources that there had been some unwarranted increases in bus fare as some unscrupulous operators were charging more compared to the distance covered, misguiding passengers about the distance travelled. This was happening more in the shorter stretches.Transport department sources admitted that for long distance buses the fare increase had been high in some stagessometimes as high as 50 per cent. But this is believed to be unavoidable in order to make long distance services viable. For long distance services, fares had increased steeply because the increase was levied on every kilometer covered, not on stages as in the city services in Kolkata, it was learnt. Besides, fares had also increased to round them off and avoid the problem of changes in small coins.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17236051", "title": "KMRL reveals final alignment of Kochi Metro", "text": "KOCHI: Bringing curtains down on uncertainties regarding the alignment of Kochi Metro, the Kochi Metro Rail Limited (KMRL), on Thursday, released the final blueprint of the location of stations and parking spaces.KMRL has said it would require an additional 8.4874 hectares. As per the latest alignment, the metro will require a total 40.409 hectares . Its earlier estimate was 31.9216ha.Apart from the two terminals in Aluva and Petta, there will be additional parking spaces in Kalamassery, Edappally and Kaloor. KMRL has tried to provide parking space in almost all stations, and for the 22 stations, it will require 9.3941ha . Authorities have now decided to use 2.7869ha for developing additional parking facilities.Shelving the earlier plan to construct metro's viaduct through the median on roads, including the national highway, KMRL now plans to position the viaduct outside the median at some places. For this it will require 4.623ha. The following places will see this arrangement: Aluva shunting neck, Aluva station to Pulinchodu; from Muttom towards the yard; at Kalamassery near Vallarpadam flyover; over bridge at Kalamassery near Nippon Toyota; Madhava Pharmacy corridor towards MG Road, Jos Junction corridor; both entries and exits of South railway station; Vyttila mobility hub and area near Silver Sand. According to the latest plan, at the depot in Muttom where maintenance and repairing facility for rolling stock is to be located, KMRL will require 23.605ha .Commenting on the final blueprint, KMRL managing director Elias George said: \"We are going ahead with the preparations at a fast pace.\" As the next step, KMRL will focus on taking over the land. The revenue department will execute the process of acquiring land.Meanwhile, it has come to light that KMRL will not be able to provide parking facilities at certain locations like Maharaja's College ground.It was pointed out that acquiring more land on prime locations like MG Road would lead to escalation of cost.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "17235011", "title": "SAIL mines shut for safety of jumbo corridor", "text": "Keonjhar: The state forest department has ordered the closure of SAIL-owned Bolani Iron ore mines in Keonjhar's Joda area to make way for an elephant corridor.\"The temporary-working permit issued to the Bolani mines by the Union ministry of environment and forest expired on November 10. The mines have therefore stopped operations,\" said Soumyak Samantra, Keonjhar's assistant conservator of forest.Sources said portions of the Bolani iron ore mines and the closed Hermoth iron ore mines owned by SAIL lie on the 35-km-long elephant corridor connecting Karrow reserve forest in Keonjhar district and Karampada reserve forest in Jharkhand. The forest department had therefore objected to mining in the area to protect jumbo herds. Following this, MoEF had refused to give clearance to Bolani iron ore mines to engage in full-scale mining operations. The central ministry, however, had given the mines a three-month working permit.Samantra informed that a team from the Wildlife Institute will visit the area to review the situation. It will prepare a wildlife management plan and submit the report to the Centre. MoEF will then decide whether or not to renew permission for mining. \"We will allow mining in the area only after getting the green signal from the MoEF,\" the forest official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17239963", "title": "Delhi University student from Manipur caught with drugs at IGIA", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Delhi University student was apprehended on Thursday from the Indira Gandhi International (IGI) airport for allegedly carrying narcotic drugs worth Rs 12 lakh.Security agencies identified the person as one C Laltalnpuia (20) hailing from Manipur.He was scheduled to board a flight to Guwahati when he was intercepted by a CISF check squad at the Terminal-3 of the IGIA at around 11 am.The suspicious movement of the passenger led the CISF personnel to subject him to etailed frisking which led to the recovery of 16 kg tablets of pseudoephedrine, a popular narcotic stimulant, from his bag, a senior official said.The passenger informed the security personnel that he resides with his wife in Janakpuri area of national capital and that he was a student of the Delhi University.\"He informed the agencies that an agent gave him Rs 20,000 to do the job including to and fro tickets between Delhi and Guwahati. He was told to hand over the contraband to another person in Guwahati,\" the official said.The CISF has handed over the person to the Customs department and they are now following the leads in the case, they said.This is the fourth incident in the last one month of drug haul by Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) at the IGIA.The force, since October, has recovered 177 kgs of narcotic drugs even as it has deployed special teams of its personnel to keep a check on these illegal items.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17235191", "title": "Local planning authority to demolish over 250 illegal buildings in Coimbatore", "text": "COIMBATORE: The much delayed drive against illegal buildings in the city is expected to be launched this weekend as the local planning authority has short-listed 300 buildings mainly commercial ones erected in violation to the approved building norms. The officials have also identified as many as 20 unapproved layouts against which action is expected to be initiated in the coming days.\"We have identified the unauthorised structures and issued notices to about 250 such buildings to rectify the violations. Proper action will be initiated against them,\" said G Easwaran, member secretary, local planning authority, Coimbatore.The local authority officials have been compiling a list of unauthorised structures in its limits which include some of the major educational institutions. However, sources claimed that the latest drive against unauthorised buildings will mainly concentrate on commercial complexes without adequate parking facilities. The illegal conversion of residential buildings into commercial ones is also being taken into consideration for action.The state government had recently issued a fresh order for regularisation of deviant buildings that were built prior to July 2007. Applications seeking exemption based on the norms of the new order are to be submitted to the Coimbatore corporation for structures within the city limits. However, senior official with the corporation claimed that they have not received any application seeking exemption so far.Some of the main provisions included in the new act are exemption of buildings with with 50 percent violation in Floor Space Index (FSI) and 50 percent violation in the minimum open space around the structure. The corporation is planning to simplify the government order and issue a compact version of the document highlighting the main features to make it easy for the city residents to understand the new order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17235507", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcIndians largely vacation deprived\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "MUMBAI: Indians are largely \"vacation deprived\", they readily cancel holiday plans when faced with last-minute work assignments and fear that important decisions will occur in office in their absence. These were some of the findings that came out of an annual analysis of vacation habits among people across the globe.Japan tops the list with the maximum (62%) unused vacation days followed by Korea (30%), while India and Australia tied for the fourth position, with Indians leaving 25% of vacation days unused.The survey was carried out online among 8,600 employed people across 22 countries.\"In India, while the bosses have softened their stance on leaves as compared to last year, the median numbers of leaves given has dropped significantly from 25 in 2011 to 20 this year,\" said Manmeet Ahluwalia, marketing head (India), Expedia.co.in, a travel portal that conducted the survey.\"Indians still rank second globally in the number of people logging in during vacation with 47% checking regularly and 39% checking on work sometimes. These trends indicate the increasing levels of stress and further highlight the importance of a good break,\" he said.While most Europeans have 25-30 days of vacation each year. Asia had the least vacation days,Majority of Delhiites dump vacation, encash itWhile Delhiites were keen to not take holidays and exchange the days for money, those from Mumbai could not go on vacations as they were poor at planning ahead.A study, called vacation deprivation survey, done by an online company found that Indians were largely vacation deprived and the reasons varied from city to city. \"Last year, the top reasons for not taking a vacation, given by employees in Delhi was that their bosses did not approve of it. This year, a majority of respondents (36%) said they wanted to encash their vacation days,'' the survey said. As for respondents from south, in addition to saving vacation days (37%) and lack of planning (33%).When it came to cancelling a vacation for a last-minute job Delhiites at 68% lead the pack, followed by those form Mumbai (59%) and southern Indian cities (56%). Holiday preference for Indians varied from beaches (32%) to romantic destinations (33%). \"People from Delhi prefer romantic holidays (39%), while those from Mumbai like beach holidays (38%),\" said the survey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17242193", "title": "My acting pattern remains same: Anjan", "text": "Affirming he had not changed his acting pattern ever since the days of \"Kharij\" and \"Chalchitra\", the two Mrinal Sen films which catpulted him to limelight, actor-singer-director Anjan Dutta today said the basic contours of acting did not change over the years.Asked how he changed his acting skills from the days of Chalchitra to the present Dutta Vs Dutta , the Ranjana Ami Aar Asbona maker said \"Acting remained the same forever, expressions remained the same.\"How can you change your methodology. I did not change the way I delivered dialogues in Dutta vs Dutta and Kharij or Yuganta for that matter,\" the Bong Connection director told .Anjan, however, felt there lies a scarcity of new generation actors with intellect.\"The acting pattern has remained the same. But there remains a dearth of intellect among the present generation actors. But again there are people like Ranadeb Bose in Dutta vs Dutta portraying my childhood as young Anjan with such aplomb and finesse,\" he said.Coming to the movie, Anjan said unlike many other Tollywood films, which had dwelt on the Bengal of 1970s, but mostly focussed on the Naxalite movement and associated violence and controversy, \"I have sought to capture the College Street scene, Pub Culture of Park Street and the emergence of Goutam Chattopadhyay and his legendary rock band Mohiner Ghoraguli of that period.\"And this movie would not have been possible had Orion Entertainment not liked my script and encouraged me to go ahead since the subject sounded so unconventional from run-of-the-meal films,\" he said.Young, popular director Srijit Mukerji, partly credited with effecting the turnaround in Bengali art house films by making them more acceptable to the audience, said, \"While in the film my character is that of a mentor of the protagonist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "mansa", "code": "17236957", "title": "Irate village residents block highway after woman's death", "text": "MANSA: Incensed at the alleged murder of a woman by her in laws, a large number of people blocked the Bareta-Jakhal highway on Thursday, where they staged a protest. Five of the in-laws of the deceased, including her husband, father and mother-in-law have been booked but no arrests have been made so far.The deceased, Amandeep Kaur of Datewal village in Jind (Haryana) was married to Karanvir Singh of Bareta a few years ago. She died under mysterious circumstances at Rajindra Hospital in Patiala on Wednesday. Amandeep's father Dalbir Singh said her in-laws, who had been harassing her for dowry, poisoned her to death. They allegedly asked the police to take action but were not heeded. A large number of villagers, including farmers' organization BKU Ugrahan activists blocked the highway in protest.\"When the police failed to take action, village residents, supported by the farmers' union, decided to protest at the Bareta police station but they were stopped at Kahangarh village and the police did not allow them to proceed. Angry protesters marched to Khudal Sekhupur village near Bareta. When the police stopped them there, they demonstrated on the road,\" farmer union district president Ram Singh Bhainibhaga said. He also accused the police of trying to protect the victim's in-laws.The police registered a case under section 304B of the IPC against Amandeep's husband Karanvir, father- in-law Mithu Singh, mother-in-law Ranjit Kaur and two others. Budhlada DSP Balwinder Singh denied any laxity on the part of police said the case would be thoroughly investigated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17236994", "title": "'Our son was at wrong place at wrong time'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If his family members are to be believed, 22-year-old P Sidhartha, a science student from Hyderabad and one of the accused in the PGI exam paper leak scam, was on a recreational trip that went horribly wrong. Sidhartha was arrested on charges of involvement in the scam last Saturday and his family members maintain that he is the victim of a misunderstanding.His family members and lawyer, who flew in from Hyderabad, said he accompanied his friends to Chandigarh and the CBI arrested him from a Sector 35 hotel without investigating his role properly. They said the accused persuaded Sidhartha to join them after telling him about the scenic beauty and tourist destinations in Chandigarh.\"My client is innocent. He does not know anything about this paper leak scam. Some of his friends told him about tourist destinations in Chandigarh and he only accompanied them. After a few days, his family received the news that he was arrested by the CBI for his involvement in this scam,\" Sidhartha's lawyer Gollapati Nageswara Rao said. The lawyer accused the CBI of arresting him merely to flaunt the large number of accused arrested. He also said they have not received a copy of the FIR.According to Sidhartha's brother, who works with an IT company, language is the principal barrier between investigation officers and his brother. \"My brother was just sharing the same hotel with the accused. They raided the place and picked him up. He could not explain his side of the story because of the language barrier,\" Sidhartha's brother said on condition of anonymity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "17237994", "title": "Indian-origin man charged with hacking gaming company servers", "text": "NEW YORK: An Indian-origin man has been charged with hacking into and disabling a New Hampshire-based gaming company's computer servers, resulting in loss of thousands of dollars, and faces up to seven years in prison.Anil Kheda (24), of the Netherlands is charged with one count of conspiring to commit computer intrusion and one count of making extortionate interstate threats.Kheda faces a maximum sentence of five years in prison on the conspiracy charge and two years in prison on the interstate threats charge if convicted.A federal grand jury in New Hampshire on Thursday returned the indictment charging Kheda, a Dutch national, with allegedly conspiring to hack into and disable computer servers belonging to Rampid Interactive.The New Hampshire-based company publishes and hosts a multi-player online role-playing game called 'Outwar', assistant attorney general Lanny Breuer of the Justice Department's criminal division said in a statement.The indictment alleges that from November 2007 to August 2008, Kheda and other members of the conspiracy, all of whom were avid players of the game, accessed Rampid's computer servers without authorisation and rendered the game unplayable for days at a time.The indictment also alleges that Kheda and his co-conspirators threatened Rampid with continued hacking into its computer systems unless Rampid agreed to pay them money or provide them with other benefits.Rampid incurred losses of over 100,000 dollars as well as the loss of exclusive use of their proprietary source code, which it had invested approximately USD 1.5 million in creating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17235100", "title": "Slowdown a concern: CM", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Chief minister Naveen Patnaik here on Thursday expressed concern over perceptible economic slowdown in the country and at the regional level. \"Recent data relating to the constriction in industrial production as well as fall in exports is indeed a cause of concern for all of us,\" the chief minister said while speaking at a meeting of state-level bankers committee (SLBC).Independent assessment also confirms that the growth rate in GDP might not exceed 6% during the current fiscal. On top of that the price situation is also not too comfortable with the inflation level exceeding the tolerable threshold limit, Naveen said. Pointing out that the cooperative sector continues to provide two-third of crop loans to farmers compared to 17% at the all-India level, the CM said commercial banks and regional rural banks should share at least 50% of the credit requirements of agriculture sector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17241506", "title": "Rajinikanth praises Vijay\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Thuppaki", "text": "Vijay-starrer Thuppaki has been getting positive reviews from all corners as the film gets off to a good start. Poised to become one of the biggest hits of the year, the unit is all happy with the response of the audience and has received appreciation from an unexpected quarter.Superstar Rajnikanth is thoroughly impressed with Vijay's Thuppaki and has watched the film twice. It seems Rajinikanth has personally called the director of the film Murugadoss, and appreciated him. Murugadoss revealed this on his micro blogging site that he is on cloud nine, as Rajinikanth congratulated him for making such a wonderful flick. He posted, \"Our thalaivar RAJINI sir called me.. and said \"I have seen the film twice now. Fantastic job and a brilliant film\" :-) :-) Super Happy...! (sic).Harris Jayaraj has composed the music while Santosh Sivan handled the camera.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17234447", "title": "Panchvo Mandament tops tiatr contest", "text": "PANAJI: Panchvo Mandament by Alfi Art Productions, Divar, bagged the first prize at the 38th tiatr competition organized by Kala Academy.Asson Koslo Faido? staged by Britona Dramatic Academy, Britona, and I Love You Sir by Konkani Kala Kendr, Merces, won the second and third prizes, respectively. A consolation prize was awarded to Osmitai staged by St Michael Taleigao Socio Cultural Association, Taleigao.In all, 30 dramatic troupes participated in the competition held from September 24 to November 14 at the Dinanath Mangeshkar Kala Mandir, Panaji. The jury comprised Fr Nevel Gracias, Agostinho da Cruz and Dominic D'Costa.The other results are as follows: Direction -Alfredo Fernandes for Panchvo Mandament (first prize), Shantaram Pawar for Asson Koslo Faido? (second prize) and Carmin S Joseph Vas for Osmitai (third prize); acting (male/female) - Rupesh Jogle (JP) - Maruddi.Com (first prize), Rosario Botelho (Cesar) - Taronn (second prize). Jenny Fernandes (Reshma) - Ordhe Toklecho (first prize), Ivy Pereira (Platilda) - Maruddi.Com (second prize; comedian - Mathew D'Souza (Nonu) - I Love You Sir; best child artiste (male/female) - Master Velbert Rodrigues (Surya) - Ekvott Vo Duspott and Oshin Jonah Fernandes (Oshin) - Panchvo Mandament.Peter Camilo was awarded the prize for best lyrics for the duet 'Somudai' (Asson Koslo Faido?), while Augie V D'Mello - Asson Koslo Faido? and Alfredo Fernandes - Panchvo Mandament won the first and second prizes, respectively, for script writing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17240559", "title": "A German treat for Kovai", "text": "Coimbatore seems to be gradually arriving on the music scene. After two successful English classical retro music nights, the city witnessed the confluence of classical western percussion and European jazz by DeciBells, a percussion trio from Germany and Vein, a popular trio from the Swiss jazz scene. Siegfried Kutterer, from the group, speaks to CT about the eventYou started your musical career in 2008. How did it all begin?DeciBells and Vein played together for the first time at the percussion festival, Cross drumming, in Warszawa (Poland). Due to the success of the concert, we decided to create a visionary project every year.Why did you choose Coimbatore for your performance? What special do you have in store for the audience here?This is the very first Indian tour for the group. I was told that Coimbatore has a very enthusiastic audience for Western percussion and Jazz. So, when I got an opportunity to perform in the city, I was on cloud nine. We were so looking forward to perform in Coimbatore that we decided to create a brand new composition, which we performed as a world premiere in the city.How has the group's music evolved from its inception?We always wanted to create a new way of musical interaction, and not just combine two different music-styles and call it fusion. While looking for this combination, we discovered that the South Indian music is the perfect base to combine the discipline and logic of the classical Western Music with the freedom of improvisation.Who are the Indian artists you admire and which genre of Indian music do you like?In the year 1980, I met Carnatic musician TV Gopalakrishnan in Switzerland at a percussion festival. That was my first brush with South Indian music and I was absolutely fascinated by the art of playing the mridangam. No one back home in Europe knew about mridangam at that point of time. I decided to travel to India and to stay with TV Gopalakrishnan. I had the opportunity to meet many beautiful musicians during my stay.Have you seen the performances of Indian tabla maestro Ustad Zakir Hussain and Tamil Nadu's renowned percussionist Sivamani?When I was the director of the Festival, 'Music of the World', in Basel, Switzerland, I had invited Zakir Hussain to perform in Switzerland. I appreciated his outstanding talent. I met Sivamani during my first visit to India. He is a beautiful example of bringing the great South Indian concept of rhythm to western percussion instruments.You regularly collaborate with other artists from different genres. Any collaboration on the cards...Our upcoming projects will be in Norway (with performance artist Alwynne Pritchard), London Ear Festival and USA (in collaboration with PAS-Percussion Arts Society). We also have a concert lined up in Chennai along with TV Gopalakrishnan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "17238473", "title": "Hu Jintao formally bids farewell to Chinese Communist Party", "text": "BEIJING: Outgoing Chinese President Hu Jintao has formally relinquished his role at the top of the ruling Communist Party, clearing the way for Xi Jinping to take over as the country's new leader.Hu, 69, formally bade farewell to the party at a function here on Thursday night after ensuring once-in-a-decade smooth transfer of power.Keeping up with the party rules and conventions, Hu quit as party general secretary, president and chairman of the Military Commission, handing over all the three powerful posts to his successor Xi, 59, who formally elected as the new leader of the Party on Thursday.Hu's graceful exit was different from that of his predecessor Jiang Zemin who continued as chairman of the Military Commission for two years even after retirement and retained his influence over the party till Friday.Hu along with his fellow retiring officials, including premier Wen Jiabao, bade farewell to the party at the function attended by Xi and other new leaders and delegates of the 18th Party Congress.Hu and Wen would continue in office as Chinese President and premier respectively till March next year.Xi, who was the vice-president till now, will replace Hu as President in March, while Li Keqiang, 57, will succeed Prime Minister Wen.Thanking the party delegates for the smooth conduct of the just concluded once-in-a-decade leadership Congress, Hu said it held the banners of unity and enterprising spirit high with emphasis on continuity.Hu said studying and implementing the spirit of the Party Congress is the top political task at present.Hu called on all party members, military forces and Chinese people of various ethnic groups to follow the lead of the new Central Committee with Xi as the General Secretary, state-run media reported.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17234725", "title": "Anxiety at Shivaji Park gives way to relief by day\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s end", "text": "MUMBAI: Anxiety was the mood in the morning at Shivaji Park, often referred to as the Shiv Sena's home ground.Praying for a speedy recovery and the long health of party supremo Bal Thackeray , Shiv Sainiks shunned Bhai-Duj revelry. Diwali lanterns put up along roads leading to Shivaji Park were pulled down. Lanterns hung even outside mayor Sunil Prabhu's bungalow were removed. Shops (except chemists' stores and post offices) remained closed. As for residents, they waited with bated breath for updates on Thackeray's health.Later, the mood of anxiety gave way to hope after Sena leaders at Matoshree spoke of improvement in Thackeray's health.A brief feeling of confusion came when trucks carrying bamboo and other material were seen at Shivaji Park. But senior Sena leaders rushed to the spot and ensured that those in charge of the material withdrew from the spot to ensure no wrong signal was sent.The ray of hope became strong even more when Sena Bhavan lit up in the evening. While most residents remained glued to their television sets for the latest updates on Thackeray's health, a few were seen moving around the ground, having discussions with friends and family members.In all, Shivaji Park prayed for the recovery of Thackeray, who attempted a spirited fight-back. In the rest of Dadar, there was heavy police presence. Also, residents faced inconvenience as shops remained closed, but no one seemed to be complaining.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "17237342", "title": "Kudumbasree begins drive to enroll BPL women in Ayalkoottam", "text": "KANNUR: The Kudumbasree Mission, which has been selected as the nodal agency to implement the national rural livelihood mission (NRLM), has begun the work of including all BPL families in the district in the 'neighbourhood groups' (Kudumbasree Ayalkoottam) even though officials in the rural development department is opposing Kudumbasree being given this responsibility.\"We have selected five volunteers each from all Kudumbasree community development societies (CDS) to visit all wards and enroll women in BPL families in the 'neighbourhood group',\" said M V Premarajan, Kudumbasree district mission coordinator, at a press conference here on Thursday.And 50 volunteers each have been selected from every panchayat/municipality CDS to take up the responsibility of strengthening the Ayalkoottam. \"Around 4,350 volunteers have been trained at the CDS level. On next January 26, the government will declare 100% inclusivity of BPL families in Kudumbasree Ayalkoottam. The mission is also planning a special drive to include all SC/ST families in Ayalkoottam,\" said assistant coordinator K O Swapna.\"Once the NRLM, which replaces Swarna Jayanti Grameen Swarozgar Yojana (SGSY), is implemented in the state, it would help the financial empowerment of BPL families,\" she said.Referring to the demand by employees in the rural development department that NRLM should be implemented through that department as Kudumbasree does not have the infrastructure, Kudumbasree officials said they had a strong network and that even other states were planning to set up Kudumbasree-like organizations to implement poverty alleviation and livelihood schemes. The central government had selected Kudumbasree as the nodal agency in Kerala because of its faith in the mission's credentials, the officials added.\"The governments of Bihar and Andhra Pradesh have sought the help of Kudumbasree to start similar programmes in those states. As part of implementing the NRLM, other states are now doing the work that Kudumbasree did 12 years ago,\" said Premarajan.Kudumbasree will implement the national rural livelihood mission, which would fetch the state Rs 1,650, with the support of the rural development department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17234225", "title": "Nagpur University fails to introduce semester pattern in Master of Fine Arts course", "text": "NAGPUR: The tall claims made by the Nagpur University administration about introducing semester pattern and credit system have been exposed as it failed to implement it in the Master of Fine Arts (MFA) course, which is being conducted at Department of Fine Arts on Amravati Road. NU is the only university in the state which has not implemented the pattern in popular courses like MFA. In other universities, the course was started with the introduction of this pattern itself and has immensely benefited the students.Sources in NU said the department officials failed to submit the new course syllabus to the university before the deadline. In fact, head of department (HoD) Deepak Joshi submitted the syllabus last week only, almost five months after the academic session commenced on July 1. According to sources, had Joshi and team made the submission before July, the semester pattern could have been also implemented in MFA.Surprisingly, registrar Ashok Gomase wasn't aware of this and told TOI that he will seek information after joining office on Monday. HoD Joshi confirmed that the semester pattern was yet to be implemented in MFA. \"It's a highly creative course and requires time to prepare the sylalbus draft. This course cannot be compared with other PG courses as only experts can provide the creative inputs,\" he said while justifying the delay.He added that since the four-year course was practical-oriented, experts need to be careful while drafting the syllabus. \"Moreover, there are many branches like dance, drama and music among others. The members have discussed the pros and cons of the course content in detail before finalizing it. We have to plan for the next five years in such situations,\" Joshi said.He also admitted that the department submitted the new course content to the NU only recently and it will come for discussion during the Academic Council's meet on November 29. \"Only after getting clearance from the council, we will implement the semester pattern. But it will come into effect from the next academic session,\" he said.Sources stated that Joshi and team should have started preparing the draft about a year ago when NU announced that it would be implementing the semester pattern in PG courses. \"Lack of manpower coupled with MFA department's apathy led to the inordinate delay,\" said sources and also criticized the NU administration for not taking action against the MFA department officials and the HoD.In fact, NU was the last to implement the semester pattern in PG courses among all the universities in the state.Even neighbouring Amravati University had implemented it two years ago. Interestingly, the newly-formed Gondwana University had also started all its courses including undergraduate ones with semester pattern from the first year itself, informed sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17236166", "title": "Aftershocks of Antony tremor shake UDF", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The aftershocks of the political tremor triggered by Union defence minister A K Antony shook the Congress and UDF on Thursday when leaders of the Congress and opposition parties joined in the queue to unleash a scathing criticism against Chandy and his team. With union minister K V Thomas also seconding Antony's view, the weak defence which pro-Chandy leaders in the Congress was trying to build up also fell flat.The despair in the Chandy camp was visible in the cabinet meeting held on Thursday evening. The cabinet witnessed an emotional outburst by Industries minister P K Kunhalikutty who expressed his grief and displeasure over Antony's speech. Kunhalikutty appeared more hurt over the praise showered by Antony on his predecessor Elamaram Kareem. Sources said he even threatened to bring out a white paper on the status of the projects brought to Kerala by AK Antony. A couple of other ministers too joined the debate and criticised the stand of Antony, it is learnt.Chief minister Oommen Chandy , who had been trying to downplay the controversy by saying that Antony's reaction was a spontaneous outburst following the boycott by INTUC workers of the BATL function, refused to answer queries on the issue after the cabinet meeting. \"The trade union issues at BATL had hurt him. I have talked to Antony before and after the speech,\" said Chandy.Sources close to A K Antony said his outburst on Wednesday was not a spontaneous action. \"For the last few months, AK had been listening to a number of leaders from Kerala who had approached him with complaints about the state leadership. He gave a patient hearing to all and tried to console them. The autocratic ways of Chandy and the one-upmanship of some UDF constituents were not acceptable to him at all,\" said a senior Congress leader on condition of anonymity.Another leader who had a recent discussion on Kerala affairs with Antony admitted that the leader was upset over the affairs in the state. \"We need to win elections here again. The present leadership is not much concerned about that, it seems,\" he said. The boycott by the INTUC union at BrahMos turned out to be the final provocation.However, Antony's statement gave a much needed weapon for the opposition. Opposition leader V S Achuthanandan and deputy leader Kodiyeri Balakrishnan grabbed the opportunity and demanded the resignation of Chandy. The opposition is gearing up to utilise the controversy to checkmate the government in the coming Assembly session slated to begin in the first week of December.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17235683", "title": "Crackers smother Ludhiana", "text": "LUDHIANA: If a day after Diwali left you gasping for fresh air, here's the reason. Ludhiana topped the state in having the most polluted quality of air after Diwali with residential areas having more pollution than rest of the state's worst polluted commercial areas.Data compiled by the Punjab Pollution Control Board to study the impact of crackers on air quality has revealed that the district saw one of the worst air qualities on Diwali night compared to the past three years.Also, Ludhiana, was two to three times worse off in terms of air quality as compared to the rest of the state.Babu Ram, secretary PPCB said, \"We divide the cities in three parts while measuring air quality.While residential areas are likely to have lesser pollution than commercial areas, there are sensitive areas which should have the least pollution.\"The suspended particulate matter (SPM) in Ludhiana's residential areas was 303 Ag/m3 a day before Diwali which shot up to 390 on Diwali.The air quality in the city's residential areas was far worse than Amritsar's commercial areas which reported respirable suspended particulate matter (RSPM) at 358 Ag/m3. Even Ludhiana's sensitive areas had air quality, 321 Ag/m3 worse than Patiala's commercial areas at 238 Ag/m3.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "morigaon (assam)", "code": "17239396", "title": "Undertrials' fast in Assam jail", "text": "MORIGAON (Assam): Over 100 undertrial prisoners of Morigaon district jail in central Assam had been on a hunger strike for several hours on Thursday protesting against alleged unhealthy atmosphere inside the jail, the police said.The inmates alleged that they were kept in sub-human conditions and served stale food.Refusing to take food since 6 am, the prisoners also complained that the jail lacked medical facilities, the sources said.However, the jail authorities talked to the protestors and assured them to look into their grievances.The inmates then withdrew the hunger strike at about 1 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "17236621", "title": "Marketing knowledge is important, says vice-chancellor", "text": "DHARWAD: The main intention of providing consultancy is to share the expertise that the faculty possesses for common purposes, said Karnatak University vice-chancellor H B Walikar on Thursday.Inaugurating a one-day workshop on \"Showcasing the expertise: Strategic approach to consultancy service\", organized by the Internal Quality Assessment Cell (IQAC) and NAAC/Consultancy cell of the university at Kousali Institute of Management Studies, Walikar said the university should know how to market knowledge. The purpose of the workshop is to enlighten the staff on this aspect and initiate them to the process and procedure of extending consultancy services, he said.\"Consultancy service is not a new process for universities. Several of our faculty took up consultancy services long ago. The university has recently formulated guidelines for giving consultancy services. In this backdrop we need to educate the faculty to not only extend their talent, but also earn revenue to the university,\" he added.Professor Ashok Chachadi said consultants are the highest paid professionals in India. For instance, Indian railway is having biggest consultancy services with huge network in the world, providing services to African countries and other part of the world, Chachadi said.Pradeepkumar Bagewadi, an independent consultant, stressed the need for domain knowledge as a prerequisite.Dr S H Siddamalliah of NIMHANS, Bangalore, outlined the need for meaningful linkages between academia and industry. Professor M S Subhash also spoke on the occasion. Over 50 faculty members were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17237214", "title": "Honkers, lend an ear to No Horn Monday", "text": "BANGALORE: Think twice before you honk unnecessarily on the road this Monday, for you might encounter a volunteer coming to you with a warning.In a loud message against sound polluters on the road, 'No Horn Monday' was kicked off on Thursday. This initiative by Karnataka State Pollution Control Board (KSPCB), Bangalore traffic police and resident welfare associations hopes to reduce decibel levels in the city.Buoyed by the success of the pilot project in Koramangala , one of the noisiest places in the city with a decibel level of 95dB as against the permissible level of 55dB, KSPCB chairman Vaman Acharya said they will now take it to other areas. In Koramangala, every Monday, volunteers will go to traffic junctions, especially during peak hours and tell people not to honk.Nithin Sheshadri, general secretary of Koramangala Residents Welfare Association, said: \"We had selected eight signals in Koramangala. Every Monday our volunteers, from various streams of society, will go to these junctions and spread awareness,\" said Sheshadri.Traffic police, too, have lent support. \"We have been booking cases for shrill honks and defective silencers. So far, we have booked 10,047 and 12,716 persons respectively this year. Now we will increase vigilance so that people don't honk unnecessarily. But when it comes to booking for excessive honking or violating the decibel level, we lack the equipment to measure it,\" said MA Saleem, additional commissioner of police (traffic).MORE NOISE FOR INDIAN MARKETSAudi India head Michael Perschke had, earlier this year, told a conference of luxury retailers that the company actually designs louder horns for the Indian market, just like it has longer wheelbases for the Chinese markets.\"Obviously for India, the horn is a category in itself,\" he had said, adding \"You take a European horn and it will be gone in a week or two. With the amount of honking in Mumbai , we do on a daily basis what an average German does on an annual basis.\" According to Perschke, horns were blown continuously for two weeks to test their strength.RETHINK ON SOPS TO BMRCVaman Acharya, KSPCB chairman, said with the delay in the Metro project, the board will have to reconsider concessions given to the BMRC in terms of sound and dust pollution. \"We will put pressure on them from now to make sure that they adhere to the norms,\" he said.TIMES VIEWHorns are used for a specific purpose: to alert other drivers on the road. Unfortunately, indiscriminate honking has become a national pastime. People love to honk even at red signals. That companies design louder horns for the Indian market shows how endemic the habit has become. Which is why the No Horn Monday initiative by various stakeholders in the city comes as music to the ears. If for a day, citizens use their vehicle horns sparingly, it would go a long way in spreading discipline on roads. Moreover, it would reduce sound pollution levels for a day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17240228", "title": "Star Wars' action figures inducted into Toy Hall of Fame", "text": "Star Wars' action figures and centuries-old dominoes have pipped little green army men to enter the National Toy Hall of Fame.A national selection committee chose them from among 12 finalists, picking the most ancient and most modern toys from the list, CBS News reported.The action figures went on sale in 1978, following the 1977 release of the first movie of the blockbuster trilogy.Museum officials said that the action figures' phenomenal popularity inspired other toy makers to tie their products to movies and TV series, and noted that the toys appeal extended to adults who continue to collect them, the report said.Other toys beaten by the action figures included the board game Clue, the Fisher-Price Corn Popper, Lite-Brite, the Magic 8 Ball, the pogo stick, sidewalk chalk, the electronic game Simon, the tea set and Twister, it added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17242083", "title": "Amy Billimoria\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s message to Aashka Goradia", "text": "Aashka Goradia, one of the pretty &amp; stylish girl in the Bigg Boss House has been wearing dresses designed by Amy Billimoria.Bigg Boss season 6, the most talked about reality show on Colors is raining fashion this time, with housemate like Aashka Goradia who has been the most stylish contestant by far in the series.Born in a Gujarati Family, blessed with the 'pretty girl next door' looks Aashka has managed to play different roles in her career span, the favorite daughter Kumud of Kussum Fame , a promising rampKalavati of Laagi Tujhse Lagan &amp; fearlessly participated in Khatron Ke Khiladi 4. Been in the industry for quite some time now Aashka has been stylish all this while &amp; the lady behind her has been Amy Billimoria.With 20 years of experience in the fashion industry, Amy Billimoria specializes in couture, Bridal fashion &amp; evening gowns.Aashka has been Amy's favorite all this while; Amy has designed every bit of clothing for the gorgeous Gujju girl who looks glamorous at every happening in town. Aashka before entering the Bigg Boss House mentioned on her social networking website, \" What would I be without Amy, the lady who has designed every bit of clothing that you would seen me wearing inside the house. She makes me feel so glamorous.\"Amy known among her clientele for her 'Classy &amp; Sassy' collection is happy with how Aashka has been carrying off her designs in the Bigg Boss House. She mentions, \" I have always told Aashka, Camera or no camera, always be stylish &amp; that's what exactly she has been doing. She looks pretty onscreen, stylish amongst the contestants. I am pretty much happy with her performance. Wishing her all the luck!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "17236753", "title": "Hanging in Pak jail: Uncertain future for Sarabjit, Kirpal", "text": "AMRITSAR: With Muhammad Hussain becoming the first prisoner to be executed in Pakistan since the informal moratorium on executions imposed by the PPP four years ago, fears for the safety of Indian prisoners Sarabjit and Kripal Singh have resurfaced. Like Muhammad, Sarabjit and Kirpal Singh were hoping for commutation of the death sentence handed to them to life imprisonment.Pakistan's former federal minister for human rights Ansar Burney told TOI over the phone from Dubai on Thursday that Mohommad Hussain, an army soldier sentenced to death in 2009 for allegedly killing his senior officer, Hawaldar Khadim Khan, in 2008, was executed at Mianwali jail on Thursday morning.\"It is a worrisome issue, especially as these condemned prisoners nurtured the hope to live and I am going to file a fresh appeal to the Pakistan president to save the lives of Sarabjit Singh , Kirpal Singh and others waiting to be hanged,\" he asserted.Burney described the hanging as \"murder by government,\" saying that the government had first extended hope to Muhammad Hussain that his death sentence would be commuted to life imprisonment. Burney, former United Nations expert advisor on Human Rights and chairman of the Ansar Burney Trust International said Hussain was hanged after Pakistan President Asif Ali Zardari and army chief General Ashfaq Parvez Kayani rejected his mercy petition.According to Burney, on June 21,2008, former Pakistan prime minister Yousuf Raza Geelani announced that his government would soon forward a proposal to the Presidency to convert all death sentences into life imprisonment.Burney said that in July, 2012, the Pakistan president's office issued a notice to various ministries, including justice and parliamentary affairs, law, defence and interior, besides chief secretaries of provinces asking them to air their views on the possibility of commuting death sentences into life imprisonment.Around 7,500 men and women in Pakistan jails have been condemned to death. \"As a humanitarian gesture, the Pakistan government should immediately convert death sentences into life imprisonment because Hussain's hanging would have led to a gruesome fear in the hearts of others waiting to be hanged,\" he maintained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17240971", "title": "Proxy war? Twitter turns battleground", "text": "NEW DELHI: War propaganda entered a whole new terrain on Wednesday night as the Israeli Defence Forces tweeted a strike in Gaza live. International news portals said this was the world's first broadcast of an ongoing military campaign through Twitter. The IDF flooded online platforms in its efforts to put out its version of the attack. The strike, in which senior Hamas leader Ahmed Jabari was killed, was not only live-tweeted , but also live-blogged on Tumblr, a blogger's platform . There were also regular updates on video-sharing website YouTube, while pictures and posters were shared on image-sharing website Flickr. Not to be left behind, Al Qassam Brigade, the military wing of Hamas, also put out their version of the story from their Twitter account @AlqassamBrigade. This is how the operation unfolded through social media websites. Around midnight on Wednesday, India time, the Israeli Defence Forces launched Operation Pillar of Defense with surgical strikes into Gaza. On Twitter, tweets about the Israeli strike on Gaza were accompanied by the hashtag #PillarOfDefense while those about Hamas' attacks on Israelis weretagged #Life-UnderFire and #Israel Under Fire. A hashtag is a clickable tag that is used to view tweets from different sources about a particular subject together. \"The IDF has embarked on an operation against Hamas , an Iranian proxy responsible for terror attacks on Israel. #Iran #Gaza,\" @IDFSpokesperson, the Twitter account of the Israeli defence forces tweeted. It was shortly followed by a YouTube link of an aerial video that showed the \"pinpoint strike\" on Ahmed Jabari's car. Speaking the language of the Internet, they also posted on their Tumblr and Flickr image streams, posters with text and infographics - the kind that are commonly found on Facebook. Such posters typically give out a piece of information or a message followed by an exhortation to share it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17237216", "title": "People know the benefits of legal rights at awareness programmes", "text": "MYSORE: Mysorean Kamalamma said she, despite being a homemaker for a decade now, was unaware of Marriage Registration Act and its benefits. She was speaking at Legal Literacy Chariot and Mobile Janata Court programmes organized to create awareness among the people, especially those from poor background.At the programme jointly organized by District Legal Service Authority and FPI India at Kyatamaranahalli community hall here on Thursday, Kamalamma said she will register her marriage as soon possible so that she can enjoy its benefits. Like Kamalamma, many women too benefited from the programmes.Free Legal Service Centre's N Sundaresh, who is also an advocate and legal adviser, said the Chariot is creating awareness on law among those who lack time to understand the basic laws of the constitution. \"While touring villages, the chariot will teach the villagers how they can assert their rights. Like water, shelter and air, one must also have legal awareness,\" he added.One of the laws that many people are unaware is the one pertaining to women and jail. According to the law, women can refuse to go to police station or jail between 6pm and 6am (between sunset and sunrise), even if they are issued an arrest warrant , he said, adding that if a woman is arrested by a male officer, it has to be proved that a woman officer was on duty at the time of arrest. A woman cannot be arrested after dark, and she must be accompanied by a lady constable during arrest.Senior advocate M Hemalatha spoke on domestic violence on women and their rights, dowry and marriage registration. \"Many women bear the brunt of domestic violence silently, fearing dire consequences. However, it advisable to bring such violence to light and find legal solution\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17235881", "title": "Indore mall files case: CBI to probe Digvijaya", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI has registered a case in connection with alleged irregularities in the construction of a high-end mall in Indore, including the role of then Madhya Pradesh chief minister Digvijaya Singh.CBI sources said the agency acted on the orders of the Indore bench of Madhya Pradesh high court which had directed it to probe \"roles of senior officials, the then CM, chief secretary and environment minister\" among others.The case relates to allegations that the mall was illegally built on a residential plot of one lakh square feet, with undue concessions from the then state government under Singh, who is Congress general secretary at present. In its order on October 19, a division bench of Justices P K Jaiswal and Moolchand Garg had directed the CBI to probe the matter and report back in six months.The bench gave the direction on a plea by social activist Mahesh Garg who had filed a complaint with the state Economic Offences Wing in 2009 which had given a clean chit to Singh. Soon after the court order, Singh welcomed the probe and said on social networking site Twitter, \"Permission was given for it (mall) during my tenure as chief minister. The BJP government's Economic Offences Wing has already investigated the matter and found nothing against me.\" tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17235136", "title": "Slab collapse kills 10-year-old boy in Bandra", "text": "MUMBAI: A 10-year-old boy was killed after a slab of the Government Polytechnic in Bandra (E) collapsed on him on Thursday. The Nirmal Nagar police have registered an accidental death case.The deceased, Shashi Baswal, was a class VIII student and resided near Shitaldevi temple in Kherwadi. Around 2pm, while playing with his friends , Shashi attempted to climb a wall of the Government Polytechnic, when the slab collapsed. A home guard, who resides adjacent to the college, witnessed the incident and immediately informed the cops.\"Our team rushed to the spot and retrieved the boy from the debris. He was taken to a local hospital where he was declared dead before admission,\" said the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17234645", "title": "Dengue 'under control' in Goa", "text": "PANAJI: The number of cases of dengue has come down considerably since the first half of the year in Goa. Malaria, though, continues to be a major concern with over 1,000 cases reported since January.From August 18 to October 12, a total of 194 samples were tested for dengue across the state and only one tested positive for the disease under the jurisdiction of the urban health centre in Margao. In comparison, as many as 784 tested for dengue in the state between January and August, of which 32 had tested positive.Officials of the directorate of health services told TOI that the cases of vector-borne diseases have dcreased after the monsoon. \"Intermittent rainfall can lead to water stagnation and accumulation, creating immense number of mosquito-breeding sites, which increases the mosquito-vector density and the risk of transmission of vector-borne diseases,\" the official said.He said that therefore, it is essential to prevent water stagnation and to maintain cleanliness in and around houses.The cases of malaria reported in the state continue to be high. For the month of September alone, 48,351 blood slide examinations were conducted for malarial parasites and 210 of those tested positive.From January 1 to September 30, a total number of 3,36,454 people tested for the malarial parasite and 1,145 tested positive for malaria.Other vector borne diseases have also been haunting Goa.From January to August, though, 308 got their blood samples tested for Chikungunya across the state, of which eight tested positive for the illness. A total number of 118 samples were tested for dengue from August 18 to October 12, 2012 and two were confirmed positive for Chikungunya, one each at the Curchorem and Curtorim primary health centres. This has taken the total number of Chikungunya cases up in Goa to ten. From January 2012 to October 12, a total number eight people were confirmed positive for Japanese Encephalitis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17234250", "title": "Ambazari police raids pool, arrests managers", "text": "NAGPUR: Ambazari police raided a snooker and pool parlour on North Ambazari Road on Thursday afternoon and arrested the joint managers running the parlour. Ten youths were also rounded up from the spot. Police had banned pool and hookah parlours last year.Akshay Vaidh (21), a resident of Daga Layout and Roshan Dhoke (22) of Ajay Nagar, were joint managers at Engage Pool Parlour. Police said despite being banned, Vaidh and Dhoke would secretly allow the youths to play snooker for financial benefits.Acting on information, city police chief Ankush Dhanvijay asked Ambazari station to raid the parlour. While the students were let off after issuing a warning, the joint managers were booked under Bombay Police Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-16"}
