{"city": "None", "code": "15428822", "title": "Janmashtami: Radha-Krishna attend school", "text": "Lord Krishna and friends attended city schools on Thursday. Yes, that is how it appeared as the city schools celebrated Janmashtami, soaking in the mood of the festival and making kids curious about life and times of the notorious Lord. Kids came dressed as Radha-Krishna, schools were decorated to their best and skits and dances were performed by students to celebrate Krishna's birth.At Children's Valley School, Shakti Nagar, Harsirat and Saumya enacted Radha while Dhairya grabbed all the attention as Krishna. Other students who participated as 'gopi' were Anya Singla, Anaya Kalra, Angel, Mannat, Hasrat, Samaira, Shyna, Lavanya. Prithampreet and Prabhpreet enacted Lord Krishna's butter stealing episode as Krishna and Balram while Suhaas and Ayaan enacted Krishna's parents.The celebrations at Puffin Kindergarten, SBS Nagar, included a performance by Mannapreet Kaur, Sahibdeep Singh, Mandy, Sushant, Dhruvi and Chaitanya. At ABC Montessori School, BRS Nagar, Mayukh Vasudeva dressed up as Krishna and stole the hearts of little 'gopis' Kavneet Kaur, Haribadat Sidhu, Aditi Dhiman, Arshia Kaur, AksharaGupta and Inayat Kaur Arora. The kids were later taken on a visit to Govind Godham.Cherrylane Play School, BRS Nagar, celebrated by organizing butter-making activity, during which fresh cream was churned into butter in front of the kids, who then mixed sugar in it and ate it.The decorations at Mother's Pride School, New Lajpat Nagar, reflected the aura of Vrindavan while the celebrations began with a 'tilak' ceremony.A cake was cut at ABC Montessori, Basant Avenue, to mark the birthday. Dressed as Radha, Krishna, Meera and Sudama pre-nursery students Nikunj, Mannat, Navkiran, Divjot, Navraj, Eshana, Gurshaan, Jashit and Yashita performed a dance on \"Maaiya Yashoda\".Principal of BCM School, Dugri, Dr Vandna Shahi said learning with experience is the best way to inculcate moral values among students. At Little Steps Pre School, BRS Nagar, Bani and Chirag were Radha and Krishna, respectively, as they danced with others on \"Radha Kaise Na Jale\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "15427018", "title": "Gizmos keep eye on speedsters", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: It's going to be impossible to get away with speeding on the Yamuna Expressway, the management said on Thursday. The expressway has been lined with security cameras along with an automated number plate recognition (ANPR) system that will identify speeding vehicles and stop them at toll kiosks.The expressway has a multi-layer security system to ensure the safety of commuters, including video incident detection system (VIDS), real time information on weather for drivers, and 24X7 emergency backup.According to the Yamuna Expressway management, this will be the first time that ANPR system would be used in a highway in India. \"The system identifies speeding vehicles and their numberplate is stored in the database. When the offending vehicle approaches the toll plaza, a second camera identifies the car and its image is flashed to all booths. The car is then impounded and the errant driver is charged for speeding,\" said Qamar Ahmad, senior VP, Jaypee Group.The expressway has also been fitted with 25 VIDS. \"The system provides round-the-clock video surveillance to identify incidents of stranded vehicles, bicycles and other disallowed vehicles on the expressway, wrong way drivers and jams. It then passes the information to the on-ground team,\" he added.To minimize the dangers of driving on the expressway, the passage has been fitted with a number of safety precautions. The route has been divided into three corridors and each corridor will have two security vehicles, two cranes, two ambulances, two fire engines and a team of doctors at each toll. A total of 19 CCTV cameras \u2014 13 in the first corridor, 2 in the second corridor, 4 in the third corridor \u2014 have been placed at strategic locations, while 25 VIDS and 30 speed cams are also present. The e-way has surveillance camera on an average of every 5km.The entire information relayed through different cameras will converge on a 'dynamic road map' in the central control centre \u2014 where the expressway is constantly monitored. In case of any emergency, the first respondent will be the corridor management system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15428145", "title": "Chief minister inaugurates Yamuna e-way; No toll till August 15", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav on Thursday inaugurated the Yamuna Expressway connecting Noida and Agra. Apart from asking JP Group chairman Manoj Gaur to upgrade the service lanes across the 165 km expressway, the chief minister said the length of the expressway between Noida to Greater Noida will remain toll free. With notification of the toll rates only being made late on Wednesday night, the government also announced that toll rates will be applicable only from August 16, giving enough time to publicise the rates.As the chief minister inaugurated the expressway via remote from his official residence in the city, protests broke out at Aligarh and Agra, with farmers in Mant demanding that inter-chains be built near Baghpat. Protests in Aligarh and Agra also saw groups of farmers waving black flags, leading protetsts and blocking traffic on the Yamuna expressway. In Lucknow, however, Akhilesh said while the Samajwadi Party government had already withdrawn cases pending against most farmers in Tappal, it would also withdraw false cases against any remaining farmers.Speaking on the sidelines of the inauguration, Akhilesh said the developers should build schools and hospitals for the benefit of the local people. He also stressed on the need for the JP Group to develop villages along the expressway. Stressing on the need for good roads for state's development, Akhilesh said developed countries like China and US have benefitted from excellent road networks. He said for Uttar Pradesh to develop, more roads like the Yamuna expressway were necessary.Akhilesh said his government was committed to linking all district headquarters with four-lane roads, besides constructing high quality roads in Purvanchal and Bundelkhand regions to ensure the all round development there.Responding to queries about farmers' interests, Akhilesh said his government would not acquire any land without the farmers' consent. He added that the party in its manifesto had promised to give six times the circle rates to farmers whose land was being acquired. Akhilesh said: \"Though six times the circle rate could not be given, farmers were given three times the circle rates when land was acquired for the NTPC project in Ambedkarnagar. The land was only acquired after taking the farmers' consent.'' Though he refused to set a deadline for it, chief minister said the government would formulate a new land acquisition policy soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15429621", "title": "Fastest texter in US: 149 characters in 39 seconds", "text": "Scientists have released the largest ever three-dimensional map of massive galaxies and distant black holes in our universe. The new map produced by Sloan Digital Sky Survey III pinpoints the locations and distances of over a million galaxies.It covers a total volume equivalent to that of a cube four billion light-years on a side. With such a map, scientists can retrace the history of the universe over the last six billion years. With that history, they can get better estimates for how much of the universe is made up of dark mattermatter that we can't directly see because it doesn't emit or absorb light \u2014 and dark energy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15429027", "title": "Metro accident: Workers tense, but stick to job", "text": "Metro rail workers are now a frightened lot. While many are scared to work near cranes, others just want to get on with it and are willing to put up with the risk to earn a living. A day after a metro rail worker died and six others were injured when the boom of a crane snapped and came crashing down on them in front of Pachaiyappa's College, TOI on Thursday visited a few metro rail work sites.\"I will not forget that moment. We found the body of Haneef (Sindhu) in a pool of blood. His death is very unfortunate. It will haunt us forever. But we expect to get back to work very soon,\" said Jamal, 20, who was injured in the accident. Many workers are from out of the state. With the burden of earning a living topmost on their minds, they have set aside their fear. Debu, 21, from West Bengal, is frightened to work near huge cranes after he heard about the accident.But, he is ready to work. \"I do not have an option. I am here to earn a living,\" he says. Rajaram from Jharkhand , who works at Saidapet, said, \"I have a family to look after and I can't leave my job.\" Workers are going to be cautious and will follow safety guidelines diligently, said Rahul Rashim from Orissa. \"If an accident happens, even after taking precautions, then it's the wish of the almighty.\" he said.Meanwhile, the injured spent a day mourning their lost friend at the general hospital. \"I am afraid to go back to the site. If they provide us some compensation, then I will go back to my native place,\" said a survivor who was still wearing the blood stained clothes. Haneef from Kamat taluk in Uttar Dinajpur district of West Bengal was a good friend of Ajai Mohan Singh , 35, whose left hand was injured in the accident.\"Haneef was a friendly person. He was from a poor family and joined the team a couple of months ago,\" he said. Of the six injured workers who were admitted to Government General Hospital , two were discharged and four were moved to Apollo Hospitals. Out of the four, the condition of two workers is said to be serious. Body of Haneef, 25, who died in the accident, will be taken to his native town on Friday.Most of the workers are in their 20s and stay at Maduravoyal and Ayanavaram. \"We hope the company will provide some compensation for our family,\" Singh said. Sonilal, 20, and Ravindar, 23, who were also injured in the accident hope to return to work soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15428540", "title": "Chief secy Srivastava relieved", "text": "PANAJI: The state government on Thursday relieved Sanjay Srivastava as chief secretary from the state administration. Sources said the file was moved on Thursday and was signed by chief minister Manohar Parrikar later in the day.Srivastava was recently transferred by the cadre controlling authority- Union ministry of home- and the relieving letter came a few days ago from the ministry of personnel and public grievances. He has been posted as vice-chairman of the Delhi Development Authority ( DDA). The state government late Thursday evening relieved him with immediate effect.Srivastava, an IAS officer of the 1980 batch, was appointed chief secretary of Goa three years ago- in July 2009 after the sudden transfer of Hauzel Haukhum who had a very short stint in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15426182", "title": "SC decision on more teeth to panel hailed", "text": "BHOPAL: NGOs working for gas victims have welcomed the Supreme Court decision on empowerment of the monitoring committee for rehabilitation of gas victims, which they hope would lead to better medical facilities for the gas-hit.\"It shows that the state government has not done enough to healthcare for the gas victims,\" said Bhopal Gas Peedith Mahila Udyog Sanghathan (BGPHUS) convenor Abdul Jabbar on Thursday. The BGPHUS in its public interest litigation (PIL) in 1997 had stated that the gas victims were entitled to receive free and proper medical assistance from government.\"It provides significant hope to survivors of the disaster who continue to battle chronic illnesses. It should improve the condition of healthcare in gas victim hospitals,\" said activist Rachna Dhingra of Bhopal Group for Information and Action.Jabbar also hoped that directions would mean better medical care, filing of vacancies in hospitals, research initiatives for gas victims and creation of medical booklets for all gas affected people. There are seven gas-victims hospitals which treat some 4,000 patients every day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15427901", "title": "A society known for its social service ULCCS, a second name for social service", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The mobile phone of Uralungal Labour Contract Co-operative Society (ULCCS) president P Rameshan rings frequently during emergencies.He received half-a-dozen frantic calls for help after the disastrous landslide at Anakkampoyil region on Monday. District authorities sought the 87-year-old society's help and expertise to rebuild the vital road connecting Pulloorampara and Anakkampoyil that was destroyed in the flash floods.The affected area remained isolated as emergency response teams found it difficult to reach the disaster spot.ULCCS workers reached the spot with their heavy-duty machines, proclaim excavators and tripper trucks and repaired the road within hours.The workers, who are part-owners of the society worth Rs 350 crore, smashed huge boulders and cleared the debris to facilitate relief and rescue operations without charging a fee.Apart from the usual triad of police, fire and medical services, ULCCS has been at the forefront in offering emergency relief every time there is an emergency, setting a new benchmark in corporate social responsibility.The very same day, society workers had participated in yet another accident rescue operation. ULCCS volunteers reached a bus accident spot in Vadakara and rescued passengers.Founded in 1925 by social reformer Sri Guru Vagbadananda in the village of Uralungal in Kozhikode, ULCCS is now an ISO 9001:2008 organization engaged in the construction of roads, bridges, buildings and flyovers in Kerala.The society has 1,243 members and they have undertaken over 3,900 contract works so far and amassed a turnover of Rs 135 crore in 2011.\"We are not just another contracting company. We have a legacy of social transformation and nation building. Our roots are firmly embedded in the society and all our members believe it is their duty to lend a helping hand. We have offered free services countless times including the tsunami rescue operations at Kozhikode beach, the Pasukadavu landslide and SM Street fire,\" said Rameshan.The society has also taken up the construction of a relief camp at Anakkampoyil. State revenue minister Adoor Prakash lauded the society for its social service at the review meeting on Wednesday.As it would happen on every emergency in the district, the mobile phone of P Rameshan, president of Uralungal Labour Contract Co-operative Society (ULCCS) a major workers cooperative society in north Kerala, got some half a dozen frantic calls soon after the disastrous landslide at Anakkampoyil region on Monday.The district authorities were seeking the 87 year old society's help and expertise to rebuild the vital road connecting Pulloorampara and Anakkampoyil which was totally washed away in the flash floods, crippling the relief works. The entire landslide ravaged zone remained isolated and even the emergency response team was finding it difficult to reach the disaster spot.The team of workers from the ULCCS soon reached the spot with their heavy duty machines, proclains and tripper lorries and reconstructed the road within hours. The workers, who are part- owners of the society worth Rs 350 crores, smashed huge boulders using drilling machines and the roads were cleared of debris, fallen trees and soil to facilitate relief and rescue operations. All without charging the government even a single rupee.Apart from the usual triad of police, fire and medical services, the ULCCS has been the in the forefront in offering emergency relief every time the district is faced with an emergency, setting a new benchmark in corporate social responsibility.Just the same day, the society workers had participated in yet another accident rescue operation. Volunteers from the company were the first to reach the spot of the bus accident at Vadakara which left 60 injured. Specialized cutting instruments from the company were used to rescue the drivers as the fire force lack the needed equipment.Founded in 1925 by eminent social reformer Sri Guru Vagbadananda in the village of Uralungal in Kozhikode district, ULCCS is now an ISO 9001:2008 organization engaged in the construction of roads, bridges, buildings and flyovers in Kerala. The society with has assets worth Rs 350 crore owned by its 1243 members who are all workers of the society. They have undertaken over 3900 contracting works so far and had a turnover of Rs 135 crore in 2011.\"We are not just another contracting company. We have a legacy of social transformation and nation building. Our roots are firmly embedded in the society and all our members believe it is their duty to lend a helping hand when it is called for. We had offered our free services during countless rescue operations including the tsunami operations at the Kozhikode beach, the pasukadavu landslide and during the fire at SM street,\" ULCCS president P Rameshan said.The society has also taken up the construction of the relief camp at Anakkampoyil. State revenue minister Adoor Prakash lauded the society for its social orientation and service to the public at the review meeting on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15426667", "title": "Quell the Metro queue chaos", "text": "GURGAON: On a weekday morning, one can witness serpentine queues outside Metro stations in the city, especially at the HUDA City Center station.Commuters complain that they have to stand in queue for around 30 minutes to enter the station.While the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) claims that this is due to the security arrangements ahead of Independence Day, the CISF personnel at the stations say that ridership has increased manifold in the past few months and Metro authorities should increase the doorframe metal detectors to reduce the rush outside the station.\"It is an everyday affair to wait outside in long queues just to enter the station and again it's a battle to find a place to stand inside the train. The Metro authorities don't seem to be bothered about this. Sometimes there are people facing emergency situation and it's unfair on the part of Metro officials to make them stand like this for 30-40 minutes. Immediate steps should be taken to resolve the situation,\" said Jagriti Arora, a daily commuter.The DMRC authorities claim that the situation would improve to a large extent after August 15. \"The rush and increased waiting period is mainly due to the Independence Day. Since the CISF personnel are carrying out manual frisking of all the commuters, the lines are getting extended,\" said a senior official.During normal times, the security guards carryout two types of frisking - profile and manual. The maual frisking takes much longer time than the other. \"We have plans to increase the doorframe metal detectors at the HUDA City Center and Sikanderpur Metro stations, we have already placed orders for them and we hope to have them soon. We are sure that these measures would be sufficient for the increasing demand. Apart from this, we will also increase the number of scanning machines,\" added the DMRC official.The CISF guards at the HUDA City Center metro station claim that this rush has got nothing to do with the slow pace of checking. \"For the past couple of months, the number of commuters has increased substantially and during peak hours there is a big queue outside the station,\" said one of them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "15429051", "title": "West Singhbhum cops arrest Maoist commander, wife", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Dreaded extremist and self-styled zonal commander of the banned CPI (Maoist), Johnson alias Chander Ganjhu, has been arrested along with his wife, Anita alias Budhni, from Manoharpur police station area of West Singhbhum district, police said.West Singhbhum SP Pankaj Kamboj said Johnson was wanted in over 30 cases, including the Manoharpur rail track blast case. The couple was arrested about a km away from the Posaita railway station near Rongo village under the Manohapur police station.The Bilaspur-bound passenger Up train was derailed at Ghagra in Manoharpur under Chakradharpur railway division on the night of November 21, 2009. Two persons, including a year-old baby and her mother, were killied and over a dozen passengers were injured in the incident. The rebels had triggered three can bomb explosions on the tracks at Ghagra when the 312 Up Tata-Bilaspur passenger was crossing the route.\"A country-made revolver, two live cartridges and a cash of Rs 17,100 was recovered from the arrested rebels,\" the SP said without disclosing when the couple was arrested.It is learned that the couple was arrested a day ago.Johnson, a mastermind of several Maoist-related incidents, hails from Keredari area in Hazaribag district. He shifted to Saranda forest area, known as a safe haven of Maoists the extremists, in the early years of last decade (2000-2010). His wife Anita, a resident of Ranchi district, is also a hardcore Maoist. She too is co-accused in several criminal incidents.\"The Jharkhand government had declared a reward of Rs 3 lakh for Johnson's arrest,\" the SP said.In a separate incident, the Sonuwa police on Thursday arrested suspected Maoist sympathizers Tooti Barjo and Bidrai Soy. Both are active members of the Krantikari Kisan Committee (KKC).\"They were wanted in connection with the firing on a police party at Pandwa area of the district few days back,\" Kamboj said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15426379", "title": "Ambika Solvex refutes Rs 1K cr tax evasion charges", "text": "INDORE: Ambika Solvex has denied the allegations relating to tax evasion, money laundering and corporate wrongdoings. The director of Ambika Solvex, Kailash Chand Garg, told ToI that all the allegations raised by OP Goel, Harsh Maheshwari and their associates are false, baseless and motivated.With regard to the tax evasion of Rs 1,000 crore, he said that till date, the I-T department has not communicated anything to him about it. Over credit facilities availed by his company, the director said that the Solvex has not availed credit facilities to the extent of Rs 290 crore, and added that the credit facilities granted to the company are well within the norms. They are lowest when compared to other companies in the trade, considering its five solvent extraction units and level of operation. Also the credit facilities of the banks are adequately secured by other collateral securities.About Rs 600 crore money laundering allegations, Garg said all these allegations are motivated and baseless.Commenting on special package provided to Ramakrishna Solvex, he said that Marvel Agrex was a sick unit and closed for about 10 years, before it was acquired by his company. Assets of Marvel Agrex were sold by Harsh Maheshwari for Rs 3.36 crore.Referring to allegations about shareholding, Garg said that Goel had promised equal contribution towards project however he made contribution to the extent of about Rs 1.40 crore only as against contribution of about 15 crore by Garg group. He has not opted to accept shares in ratio of funds invested, nor submitted any share application. On the contrary, this amount invested by him was shown by himself as unsecured loan in the balance sheet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15429906", "title": "Independence-Day: AEF to commemorate the event with 5,000 tri-color helium balloons", "text": "MANGALORE: Come Independence Day, you will get a chance to witness a rare spectacle in Moodbidri, dubbed as the Jain Kashi of the south. For the first time in the undivided Dakshina Kannada district, students of Alva's Education Foundation (AEF) will release 5,000 tri-color helium balloons into air to commemorate the country's freedom from foreign rule.Independence Day celebration of AEF, which has a chain of educational institutions including engineering, medical and nursing colleges, is famous because every year thousands of students gather en masse on its campus. The authorities claim that other than the Red Fort premises in New Delhi where people come together in large numbers to watch Independence Day celebration, only AEF campus witness such a huge gathering on the national festival day. About 15,000 students will take part in this year's Independence Day celebrations. Another specialty of the foundations' I-Day celebrations is as many as 3,000 students will participate in it wearing tri-colour tops and caps. On all the 40 buildings of AEF on its campus, a huge tricolor flag will be hoisted, and all the 15,000 students will be waving the flags for 30 minutes during the patriotic festival.AEF chairman M Mohan Alva said that not even a single plastic flags will be used for the fest. Former Lokayukta Santhosh Hegde will be the chief guest at the fest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15428170", "title": "Uttar Pradesh govt empowers state vice-chancellors to give clearance, no objection certificates to higher educational institutes", "text": "LUCKNOW: The state government on Thursday issued an order giving vice-chancellors of state universities power to give clearance and no objection certificates to degree colleges and higher educational institutes. A committee headed by the vice-chancellor will examine the proposals in the area of university's jurisdiction. The approval to set up the college or the institute will be given on the basis the recommendations of the committee.The new order replaces the one issued in June 2009, which gave state government agencies power to issue no objection certificate and final approval. According to secretary higher education Sushil Kumar, the new order has been implemented immediate effect. All the divisional commissioners have been asked to hand over proposals of setting new degree colleges and higher education institutes to the state universities of their respective divisions.The registrars of the state universities have been directed to place the proposals before the committees headed by the vice-chancellors. The members of the committee will be nominated by the vice-chancellors. However, vice-chancellors will have to include a deputy collector level officer in the committee nominated by the district magistrate of the district, where the educational institute is proposed to verify the land records.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15426207", "title": "Madhya Pradesh home minister lands in a row; tribal woman cop alleges harassment", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh home minister Uma Shankar Gupta is in the midst of a controversy after a tribal woman inspector threatened to quit the police force following her suspension and slapping of a case against her. She was allegedly bullied and threatened by minister's brother following a road accident involving his close relative.Inspector Kalpana Marskole, posted as inspector in the Crime Investigation Department (CID) at the police headquarters, sent in her resignation to the director general of state police (DGP), alleging that minister's brother Ramashankar Gupta misbehaved, manhandled her, and implicated her in false case. The tribal women officer alleged that she was being harassed by Ramashankar using the influence of his brother and state home minister.While home minister Uma Shankar Gupta has already denied his interference in the matter, police administration, on the other hand, claimed that Marskole and another inspector Prakash Badham were suspended as they did not report about the road accident to the nearest police station and also went to hospital and behaved rudely with the close relatives of the victim. However, the home minister could not be reached for his comments on the issue.In her complaint to the police higher-ups, Marskole said the incident took place on July 31 when a young girl a scooter, skidded and fell on the road. By the time she stopped her car and came to her, another inspector Prakash Badham took the victim, Pallavi Gupta, to a private hospital. She went to the police station from where an assistant sub-inspector accompanied her to the hospital.\"As we reached the hospital, minister's brother shouted at the ASI asking why the town inspector, who is in charge of T T Nagar police station, did not turn up when the minister's niece was injured in an accident,\" she said in her complaint adding that he also rang up senior police officers asking them to suspend the police inspectors. Subsequently, the superintendent of police and other officials reached the hospital. Alleging that the police registered a case for rash and negligent driving and causing hurt against her at the behest of minister's brother, Marskole said the next day the T T Nagar police swooped at her residence at night and confiscated her car, as if they were raiding a criminal's hideout. \"If my car was involved in the accident at such a busy place, people would have either caught me or chased me,\" she said adding that she was being victimized after she went to the hospital to see the injured girl just on humanitarian grounds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15427455", "title": "Man snatches gold chain ofmorning walker", "text": "KOLKATA: A long stretch along the CIT Road at Beliaghata and Phholabagan has turned into a free zone for the snatchers, leaving morning walkers jittery.On Thursday, a man snatched a gold chain from 48-year-old Padma Jain of CIT Road, when she was out for the morning walk. walking along the road. Police said that it was around 6.15am when Jain had gone out for the morning walk.It may be noted that on June 20, another miscreant had snatched a gold chain from Reshma Jain, a resident of Phoolbagan, in a similar manner when she was walking along the Narkeldanga main road.Padma told police that the road was almost empty when the man came from behind and snatched her chain. A complaint has been lodged with Phoolbagan police station. She raised an alarm, but no one was present there to intercept the snatcher, who fled the spot without any trouble. Locals also questioned the efficiency of the cops, who are on motorbike patrol in the area to prevent such crimes.Two motorcycle-borne youths came from behind and snatched her chain. Police, however, arrested one of the accused the very next day and recovered the chain. \"We have intensified patrolling,\" said a senior police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15427290", "title": "300 emus die of starvation in Tamil Nadu", "text": "COIMBATORE: Over 300 exotic emu birds died for want of feed and water at the main supply centre of Perundurai-based Susi Emu Farms at Kaniyoor near Sathyamangalam on Thursday, three days after the company managing director M S Guru went underground along with family members and seven senior colleagues to evade arrest in the multi-crore investment scam. With the disappearance of Guru and police receiving more than 1200 complaints from cheated investors, over 15,000 emu birds remained virtually abandoned in two supply centres without feed and water.Investigating officials said on Thursday that the surviving birds were found eating the carcasses of the dead in the absence of feed. Erode District Collector V K Shanmugham intervened and contacted Dindigul-based feed supplier Jayamohan to ensure feeds for the next seven days. Jayamohan was initially reluctant to send the feed as Guru had to clear a pending arrear of Rs 3 crore. On the collector's promise to make alternative arrangements, Jayamohan sent the feed by evening and the birds were rescued from starvation.According to the collector, over 1200 written complaints have been received so far by police from cheated investors of Susi Farms. A massive raid was conducted on the premises of the firm in Perundurai on Thursday and officials have seized incriminating evidences. All offices of Susi Farms have been closed for the last three days, soon after the promoters went underground, switching off their cell phones.Susi has cheated more than 11,000 people from Tamil Nadu, Kerala, Karnataka, Andhra, Puducherry and some parts of North India. We have been receiving complaints about two other leading players, Queen Emu Farms and Sugi Emu Farms,\" he said.Meanwhile, District Revenue Officer S Ganesh appealed to cheated investors to approach their local police station with written complaints. In Perundurai, we will accept complaints only from residents of Erode district and those hailing from other states. It will be difficult for us to handle complaints of victims across the state as most of our time is being spent on helping complainants prepare written petitions,\" he said.According to him, all vehicles and movable and immovable properties of Susi farms have been seized by authorities on Thursday. Efforts are on to attach properties of the firm, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15428566", "title": "Maharashtra: Shortage of teachers hits Std X students", "text": "MUMBAI: Governmental mismanagement has yet again taken a crippling toll on schools in Maharashtra, reports Hemali Chhapia. Many state-aided institutions are grappling with teaching vacancies, forcing them to fall behind schedule. The disarray has affected all students but particularly of class X, who are gearing up for their first external examination.The crisis has roots in a student census the state conducted last October in which it found lakhs of \"bogus\" pupils on schools' rolls. P 4Reasoning that the survey showed many schools had surplus teachers, it stopped new appointments. Fresh hirings are used every year to fill 10,000 vacancies left behind by schoolteachers exiting the system. At the same time, it decided to take stock of additional teachers and move them to schools with a shortage. The process is a work in progress.With no new appointments, many state-aided schools have been forced to use their existing staff to take additional lectures for no extra pay. In some schools, teachers have been urged to handle extra subjects. The worst affected have been students from higher classes.State-wide, schools schedule their class X timetable in such a way that the syllabus gets completed by December or January, thereby giving students enough time to prepare for the board examinations. \"But with insufficient teachers, the schedule is difficult to keep up with,\" confessed a principal of a Mumbai school.School education director Sridhar Salunkhe insisted the state will \"soon start the process of transferring surplus teachers to the schools that need them\". The process was stayed because of a petition filed before the Aurangabad bench of the Bombay high court. Earlier this week, the court directed the state to present its plan of action within a month.For schools wrestling with staff crunch, testing times may not end very soon. \"The state will have to first draw up a list of surplus teachers and then assign them to the schools that need them based on qualifications. This is going to take a couple of months,\" admitted an official.Aruna Galgali, principal of Poorna Pragnya High School, said the institution has been forced to cancel several classes because of lack of teachers. \"I am facing a dharam sankat (moral dilemma). I feel guilty because we are not doing justice to the children. A few new teachers who have been appointed are working without a salary.\"Sanjay Patil, treasurer of headmasters' association, too said several schools have cancelled classes or have asked teachers to shoulder additional workload. \"I wish the government had managed this situation differently,\" he said.P M Raut, president of the Mahamumbai School Teachers' Association, concluded, \"Although the government wants quality education, it is not filling up teaching vacancies. How then do we provide good education?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15429658", "title": "Students take up traffic grievances with officials", "text": "NASHIK: Student volunteers from colleges from Adgaon Naka to Adgaon, Yuva Kranti Pratishthan and BJP's student council met the officials of Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) to discuss their grievances as part of their 'Students' Safety Campaign'.The student volunteers began their 15-day drive, 'Students' Safety Campaign', for traffic awareness, on August 7.On the first day, the students created awareness amongst people and through social networking sites. On Wednesday, the student volunteers met the divisional controller of MSRTC, Kailas Deshmukh, department manager A N Pathak, traffic officer M Mahajan and others and presented a memorandum. They also shared their grievances, complaints and gave suggestions.\"Insufficient bus services, the tendency of bus drivers to not stop at bus stops and the increasing number of accidents were discussed with the officials. The officials assured that they would conduct a survey and find solutions by the end of this month. They also promised to draw a time-table for buses for the main areas of the city,\" informed the student volunteers.Deshmukh assured that since the service roads were half-constructed, a survey to locate places where the buses can be stopped will also be conducted.College students have taken up this awareness campaign regarding traffic safety taking into consideration the number of accidents between Adgaon Naka and Adgaon and the fact that 11 educational institutions are located here.The volunteers will be talking to all the concerned officials of various departments apart from putting up flexes in colleges and talking to people and college students about the importance of road safety over the next few days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "shastri nagar", "code": "15428865", "title": "150 men compete to test muscle power", "text": "SHASTRI NAGAR: A competition to test biceps power among men held at a Shastri Nagar-based gymnasium witnessed participation from about 150 members on Wednesday. The participants' biceps power was put to test as they lifted weights exerting pressure on their biceps alone. In the 85kg &amp; above open category Gaurav won the gold by lifting 95kg, Monty bagged silver lifting 90kg, while Goldy bagged bronze medal for lifting 85kg.In 80 to 85kg category, Dr Garry won the gold medal for lifting 92.5kg while silver went to Gurpreet, who lifted 85kg. Sahil lifted 80kg to keep the bronze medal. Mani won the gold by lifting 80kg in 75 to 80kg category, while Abhishek, Lakhbir, Rupinder and Suraj lifted 75kg to share the second spot. Gursimran lifted 67.5kg to win bronze in this category.In 70 to 75kg category, the gold medal was shared by Arjun and Onkar, who lifted 77.5kg. At 75kg, Ayusham lifted enough to secure the silver medal, while Rajan and Goldy lifted 70kg to stay at the third spot. In 65 to 70kg category, Sahil lifted 70kg to win the gold medal, Nirmal lifted 65kg to keep the silver and Deepu and Gurmeet lifted 60kg to win the bronze medal. The winners in 60 to 65kg category were Pawan, Akash and Manjot in the same order, while in 55 to 60kg category, Harshit and Rishabh shared the gold medal. Roshan and Harmanpreet bagged silver and bronze, respectively. The below 55kg category saw Arun walking away with the gold medal, while Sahil Arora and Brijesh followed with silver and bronze, respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "jodhpur ", "code": "15429768", "title": "Police probe over \u2018suicide\u2019 annoys court", "text": "JODHPUR : A court here, while terming the investigation by the police into an alleged suicide of a girl suspicious, has directed the DGP on Thursday to rope in an honest, experienced and senior police officer to investigate the case and has also directed the DGP to monitor the investigation. Expressing its discontent and grief over the investigation, the court had summoned the investigating officer ACP (West) on Wednesday to begin the probe in the right earnest.Gayatri Gaur, was found hanging on 27 July in a room close to her house, taken on rent by one Motiram Choudhary, a student. Her parents had registered a complaint of rape and murder against him and his friends with the police, but the police treated the case as that of suicide after the arrest of Motiram on Sunday and deleted initially imposed charges of rape and murder.Dissatisfied with the police investigation, her brother Ashok, then moved an application in the court of Metropolitan Magistrate last week alleging tampering with the investigation favouring the accused. His counsel Hastimal Saraswat said that the circumstantial evidences were completely overlooked by the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15428883", "title": "Studying CCTV footage will take time: Pol", "text": "PUNE: Police commissioner Gulabrao Pol on Thursday said the CCTV footage collected from the shops operating on Jangli Maharaj Road has so far not helped the police in getting leads in the serial bomb blast investigations. Speaking to TOI, Pol said, \"The visibility of the footage seized from some of the business establishments is not clear. This is because it was raining and there was power failure on the day of the blast.\"According to Pol, analysing the footage will take a lot of time. \"This is a technical job and a voluminous work. The state anti-terrorism squad is conducting investigations in the blasts and we are providing them logistic support.\"Pol said the police are also examining details of cellphone call of the people present at the time of the incident for more leads in the investigation. He added that the forensic science laboratory report is awaited.Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar on Sunday had announced an allocation of Rs 30 crore for procuring 1,000 CCTVs to improve security in Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad. Pol said the police would require additional technical staff if the CCTVs throughout the city are to be manned from the control room.Meanwhile, the city police have made it compulsory for all dealers in second hand vehicles to collect details of their buyers and submit it to the nearest police station. Simultaneously, the buyer will also have to give details to the police. Flat owners have also been appealed to give details of their tenants to the police. The Police have threatened to take action against the violators under section 188 of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15429691", "title": "Water cut to continue in NMC divisions", "text": "NASHIK: Citing lack of sufficient rains in the catchment areas of the Gangapur dam, the NMC has decided to continue with the present water cut in areas that fall within its limits until the water level in the dam is satisfactory.The revival of monsoon after a dry spell in Nashik has increased the water level in the Gangapur dam, the main source of the drinking water, filling the dam upto 44% so far. Speaking to TOI, municipal commissioner Sanjay Khandare said, \"Though the water level of the Gangapur dam has increased to some extent due to revival in the monsoon, it is still not sufficient. The dam is only half filled. Hence, the present water cut will continue for the time being and the decision will be reviewed when required.\"The delay in monsoon had led the NMC to enforce water cut of 15 to 20% in all six divisions of NMC from June 19. Around 15 per cent water cut is in force in Panchavati, Nashik East, Nashik West and Nashik Road divisions, while a 20% water cut is in force in Cidco and Satpur divisions.The water level in the Gangapur dam has increased by 1,901 million cubic feet (MCFT) to 2,482 MCFT in the past three weeks since July 15. During the corresponding period last year, the Gangapur dam was filled upto 59% with a water level of 3,309 MCFT.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15427179", "title": "Bikers' road death: BMC first pins blame on SRA, then owns up", "text": "MUMBAI: Death of two bikers due to an open utility duct, yet again, points to Mumbai's unattended danger spots. The incident is a stark reminder of the pathetic condition of city roads and the callous attitude of the multiple agencies that look after the utilities. After Wednesday's incident, the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) passed the buck on the Slum Rehabilitation Authority (SRA), only to later retract it and admit that the area where the incident took place was under the civic jurisdiction.Initially, the ward office said that the concerned area was under SRA. \"After verification, we have learnt that the utility duct belongs to MTNL and they are responsible for maintaining and repairing the covers,\" said Harshad Kale, assistant municipal commissioner. The civic body, though, maintained that they have strict norms in place to prevent such mishaps. \"The onus is on the contractor who is responsible for the maintenance and upkeep of the road. In case such an incident takes place, the contractor has to pay the family a compensation. Besides, the BMC does take strict action against erring contractors and penalize them. In this case, since it was an MTNL utility cover that caused the accident, they will be held responsible,\" said Rahul Shewale, chairman, civic standing committee.After speaking to other agencies, TOI has learnt that in the absence of a clear working policy, such incidents only evoke lukewarm response from government agencies. For instance, no official has got in touch with the bereaved families till date. \"We still haven't heard from the officials,\" said Kunal's father Kiran Ullalkar.While tracking the pre-monsoon preparations, TOI had reported that several manhole covers across the city were missing or had caved in. In Andheri, TOI had found three manholes. The civic body attended to the open manholes after the report was published.Charles Pereira, Juhu resident said, \"The death of these two young boys will always be a grim reminder of the pathetic condition of our roads. It's high time the BMC and other agencies get their act together to make the roads safer. In Juhu, too, there are a score of drain covers over the pavements that have come loose and gone missing.\" S Divedi of Andheri said, \"Last month, a drain cover caved in on Andheri Link Road. It took the BMC about two weeks to get a replacement and that too after report in the newpapers. I wonder if the BMC is even bothered about citizens' safety.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15428173", "title": "Rains drench Valsad, Navsari, Dang", "text": "AHMEDABAD: This is the silver lining amidst dark clouds. For the second consecutive day, Gujarat received some rains. The state has so far received 188 mm of rains \u2014 5.17 mm in the last 24 hours ending 8 am on Thursday \u2014 which was over 23 per cent of the annual rainfall of 798 mm.According to the India Meteorological Department (IMD) website, the state should have received nearly 429 mm of rains till now. The north, south and central parts of the state have only 219.4 mm of rainfall against the expected 549.3 mm. The Saurashtra and Kutch region has so far received 58.4 mm of rains against the expected 310 mm, a deficit of 81 per cent.However, heavy rainfall was reported from Valsad, Navsari and Dang districts of South Gujarat. Pardi and Kaprada had as much as eight inches of rainfall in just nine hours ending 4 pm on Thursday. However, Surat had only 15 mm of showers during the wee hours. The hill station of Saputara also received heavy rains. The Navsari town recorded 83 mm rainfall in just two hours between 12 noon and 2 pm. Several low-lying areas of the district were inundated and commuters had a difficult time wading through knee-deep waters.Rain god showers mercy on AmdavadisAHMEDABAD: For the second consecutive day, Amdavadis were greeted with morning showers. School going kids and morning walkers were seen enjoying the rains.The northern parts of the city received 26 mm of rains, while the rest of the areas got rains less than 10 mm. The city has so far received 154.86 mm of rain which was about 304.2 mm less than the average rainfall till Thursday.Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation control room said that four trees were uprooted in the east and western parts of the city. Three trees were uprooted near the Ajit mill in Rakhial, while one tree had fallen near Lakhudi Talavdi in Navrangpura area. However, there was no complaint of any water logging in the city, said the AMC control room officials.Meanwhile, Sabarmati has received some fresh income of water, thanks to the overflowing Narmada dam. AMC control room officials said that about 1,518 cusec of water was released from the Narmada main canal. Of these, 1,210 cusec of water was released in the Fatehwadi canal, while 292 cusec of water was released in the down-streams of the river, said the official.CM to visit dry North GujaratModi will visit three drought affected districts of north Gujarat on Friday to review relief measures with district administrations. On Friday morning in Palanpur, chief minister will review the relief measures undertaken for the Banaskantha district. He will review the situation of Patan district in the afternoon and leave for Kutch in the evening. He will review measures undertaken by district administrations in agriculture, irrigation, drinking water and employment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15427793", "title": "Lorry runs amok, kills one", "text": "HYDERABAD: A person died when a lorry driver lost control and rammed the vehicle into four autos and few pedestrians at Karmiknagar bus stop on Thursday morning. Jubilee Hills sub-inspector DV Narayana Reddy said D Shekar, 20, a painter, along with several others was waiting for a bus at around 8.15am. Suddenly the lorry coming from STR Hills lost control and went on to hit several people who were waiting for the bus. The lorry hit four stationary autos also which were parked nearby. \"Shekar, a resident of Sanjay Nagar colony near Rehamath Nagar, died on the spot, while three others, including a three-year-old boy Srinath and his mother Punamma, suffered severe injuries. The lorry driver fled after the incident,\" Narayana Reddy said. Police said that the accident took place at a crowded location.The boy and his mother where seated in an auto at the time of the accident. A case was registered under Section 304-A (causing death due to rash or negligent act) of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15426685", "title": "Snail-paced trials leave under trial prisoners in the lurch", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The embarrassing incident of a undertrial prisoner hurling a slipper at a judge in Puri in apparent frustration over the snail-paced trial has highlighted the huge backlog of cases piling up in different courts, including the Orissa High Court.Going by the annual statement of high court, around 2,71,242 civil (both main and miscellaneous) and 30,072 criminal (main and miscellaneous) cases were pending for disposal in the high court as on December 31, 2011. The high court disposed nearly 52,228 civil (both main and miscellaneous) and 42,207 criminal (main and miscellaneous) cases between January 1, 2011 and December 31, 2011. A total number of 71814 civil and 42944 criminal cases were instituted in the main as well as miscellaneous categories in 2011.Sources said about 102355 civil suits, 9179 civil appeals and 4053 civil miscellaneous appeals were pending for disposal in all the lower courts (subordinate judiciary) in Odisha in 2011. Similarly, nearly 4405 criminal appeals and 2111 criminal revisions were pending for disposal last year. The subordinate judiciary disposed 1264 criminal appeals and 1092 criminal revisions in 2011. Lower courts in Cuttack have the maximum number of pendency (nearly 800) in criminal appeal and revision cases, sources said.\"There is a standing instruction of High Court that the cases of under trial prisoners (UTP) should be disposed within six months. If delayed, a sense of frustration arises in accused. Trial should be expedited through video conferencing in jails,\" a retired district judge, Rabi Sankar Mishra, told TOI.More than 13,000 UTPs are languishing in 70 jails in Odisha, sources said. \"To prevent recurrence of the slipper-hurling incident in future, government should conduct inquiry as to how many UTPs are cooling their heels for years together,\" Mishra said. \"If I were the judge, I would not have taken a punishing stand on the accused who threw the slipper. Instead, I would have explained to him the factor leading to the delay and assured him of speedy disposal of his case,\" Mishra added.Some lawyers alleged that the police in connivance with some tainted court employees do not produce UTPs in courts in every 15 days, causing frustration among inmates. \"Qualitative and time-bound justice delivery can be possible only when government creates adequate number of judicial officers in proportion to the multiplicity of litigations. Infrastructural development can counter the menace of inordinate delay in disposal of cases,\" said senior high court lawyer Bibhu Prasad Tripathy.Sources said 18 district judge, 38 senior civil judge and 17 civil judge cadre posts were lying vacant in district and subordinate courts in Odisha as on December 31.Lawyers found flaw with police for tardy progress of trials. \"Investigating officers should act fast in producing evidences. Judges should not linger disposal if police fail to submit evidence in time,\" another lawyer Sidhharth Das said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15429482", "title": "Parents seek leaving certificates after break-in", "text": "MUMBAI: Parents of three Std IX students who broke into their school to write their Marathi answer papers on Tuesday night have sought leaving certificates and requested the authorities not to press charges , after a parent-teachers association (PTA) meeting on Thursday morning .\"We were relieved that the parents sought the certificates themselves , as the school management was planning to rusticate the students . We held a PTA meeting , when we showed everybody the damage the students had done to the school. Everybody agreed that strict action must be taken ,\" said Fr Joe D'S ouza, managing trustee , St Ignatius High School, Jacob's Circle . The students broke open the locker where their Marathi answer sheets for the unit test were . \"They left their answer sheets blank during exams , and returned that night to copy answers from clever students' answer sheets. They then used knives and chisels to leave lewd messages on doors and tables,\" he said .The school watchman noticed the lights of the staff room on at 11.30 pm and a broken lock at the main entrance , and found the children there . \"We informed the police control room ,\" said D'Souza .The three said they had planned the break-in for weeks and used to sell scrap metal from the school godown to buy the chisels and screwdrivers. No police complaint has been registered as they are minors . The father of one of the three told TOI , \"My son will go to a new school and hopefully won't get harassed about what he did at the previous school .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15428133", "title": "Don't miss the celestial spectacle on Sunday", "text": "BANGALORE: Make sure you'll be an early bird this Sunday or stay awake all through Saturday night to catch a glimpse of a rare celestial show. The prodigious Perseid meteor shower will dart through the Bangalore sky, illuminating it much more than the clearest of starry nights.The specks of light on the sky may be very fast and at the edge of your field of vision, and you may start doubting whether they are real or not. But have patience and you will be delighted to see three or more meteors coming down the same track in groups, illuminating the sky with a shower of 'shooting stars'.The rare sight is attributed to pieces of periodic comet Swift Tuttle, known as Perseid meteor shower, visible from the Earth this week when the planet passes near the comet's orbit. Tiny trails of debris left behind by the comet - mostly the size of grains of sand, but some as large as peas or bigger - enter the atmosphere at 60 kilometres per second (134,000 mph). Friction causes these chunks to heat up and on contact with oxygen, they light up in flames. The Swift Tuttle comet comes close to Earth's orbit once in 133 years. Experts said about 80 such 'shooting stars' will whizz past the sky on Sunday.\"The Perseid meteor shower, happening around the world for the past few days, will reach its peak during dawn on Sunday. It will be characterized by numerous streaks of light on the sky. It can be enjoyed best with the naked eye,\" said BS Shylaja, director of JN Planetarium.\"The event is not much of astronomical significance. It's more like a feel-good hobby. You can reflect radio waves which will give you a deep sound if converted,\" said E Ebenezer, scientist, Radio Astronomy Group at the Indian Institute of Astrophysics.CLOUDS MAY PLAY SPOILSPORTThe weatherman has predicted an overcast sky on Sunday. Astronomers and enthusiasts can go to the outskirts to observe the phenomenon. \"Nandi Hills may be a good idea as the cloud cover may not be there,\" added Ebenezer.\"Many amateur astronomers are heading towards villages on Tumkur Road and Bannerghatta Road, 60km from the city, to get a clear view of the shower,\" added Shylaja.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "15428570", "title": "Wisconsin gurdwara shooting: World salutes US cop as real hero", "text": "JALANDHAR: Lt Brian Murphy of US police, who received multiple gun shots wounds while trying to stop ex-army veteran Wade Michael Page, who indiscriminately shot and killed the six people at the Oak Creek gurdwara, in Wisconsin, US, has become a hero across the world.The \"Wisconsin Sikh Temple Cop Brian Murphy Thank You Page\" on Facebook has gone viral, with people from across the world showering praises on Murphy and praying for his speedy recovery.The US police officer sustained serious bullet injuries after he confronted the shooter who targeted Sikhs in Oak Creek gurdwara.Sikhs from across the world have posted messages on the page - eulogizing him as a real hero and thanking him. So have members of other religions, communities, nationalities and ethnicities.\"We the Sikhs from all over the world thank you for your courage and bravery. You sir are a true American hero. We pray for your speedy recovery and thank you for your service to Oak Creek police department you are an angel sent that day to save many lives,\" reads a message on the page - launched on Monday and which has already got around 17,000 likes.Other photos related to the tragedy including the police action have also been posted on the page. \"I cannot thank you enough officer Brian Murphy! You are not just my hero, but also hero of over 24 million people worldwide! Waheguru Mehar (God Bless),\" wrote Vanmeet Talwar.\"The brave cop who was shot nine times and told fellow officers to help other Wisconsin shooting victims first, is getting the hero's recognition he deserves,\" posted Anish Gupta on the page.Delhi Sikh Gurudwara Management Committee and Sikhs for Justice have already announced bravery awards of $5,000 and 10,000 for this officer to express gratitude of the community.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "15429038", "title": "Lohardaga administration expedites projects for Ramesh visit", "text": "LOHARDAGA: Rural development schemes have gained momentum in Lohardaga ahead Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh's scheduled visit on Sunday. Ramesh will be in the city to review implementation of various central development schemes.Deputy commissioner Ratan Kumar said that he on Thursday reviewed the district administration's arrangements for his visit. \"The administration will be ready to welcome the Union minister and take him wherever he wishes to go to see progress of schemes on various projects like rural development, IAP and several others,\" he said.Though officials chose to stay off the record on preparations, the administrative exercise has evidently accelerated development work in rural areas. Soon after the message circulated, officials got busy with reviewing pending works and orders were issued to speed up projects.A pending MGNREGA work of plantation in Kasturba Gandhi girls residential school Senha was taken up on Thursday. Forest department, the executing agency of the work, however did not agree that this work was being implemented due to Ramesh's scheduled visit.Divisional forest officer A K Singh started the plantation scheme worth Rs 12.80 lakh by planting saplings. Altogether 700 saplings are being planted on the school campus, teachers' quarter campus and either sides of approaching roads.The DFO on this occasion gave important lessons to girls of the school on needs of trees and their role in maintaining ecological balance. All participating students, teachers and forest department officials took a vow to save trees. Warden of the school N M Tirkey welcomed the guests while former Warden Soni Kumari delivered vote of thanks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15428274", "title": "Use your head, wear helmet, not dupatta: Experts", "text": "AHMEDABAD: With ever-increasing number of vehicles on the state roads and young riders, the number of accidents has also increased significantly. In 2011, more than 600 got injured in road accidents and 50 died in Ahmedabad alone. The experts feel that it is time to make the students brand ambassadors of traffic safety to prevent road fatalities.An awareness programme on road safety was organized jointly by the Gujarat Science City and a city-based U-Turn Foundation for more than 200 college and school students on Thursday. Speakers from government organizations and NGOs working for road safety and prevention of accidents participated in the event.J N Barevadia, former joint director (transport) and currently chairman of U-Turn Foundation, said that it is crucial for the parents to give lessons in safety to their wards before handing them the key of the vehicle. \"Driving is not a right, it is a responsibility. If we want to lessen the number of accidents on city roads, we will have to lead by example and instill good habits and road etiquettes in the young riders,\" he said.Ravi Saxena, additional chief secretary, department of science and technology, said that road safety is emerging as a major social concern. \"Although we have undertaken many road safety improvement programmes, the overall situation is far from satisfactory. Parents should encourage children to wear helmets rather than wrapping dupatta around their faces,\" he said.Amit Khatri, an educator from U-Turn Foundation, gave hands-on demonstration about traffic awareness tips to the participants. \"It is essential for us to understand that road safety is everybody's responsibility. If you want your kids to be safe on the city roads, first train them in safety practices. We are not talking about mammoth education drive but about the small steps that should be ingrained into daily practice,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "15429261", "title": "Bodies of NH-44 bus accident victims taken to Tripura", "text": "SHILLONG: Bodies of the victims of a major road accident on National Highway 44 on Wednesday that claimed at least 30 lives were being carried to Tripura on Thursday, with the Meghalaya government having arranged for caskets and special vehicles. It was one of the biggest road tragedies in the northeast in recent times.\"The DC of Unokuti district in Tripura, Abhishekh Chandra, has arrived to take back 15 of the bodies identified so far,\" East Jaintia Hills deputy commissioner Abhishekh Bhagotia, who is monitoring the entire operation, told TOI, adding that all necessary procedures including post-mortem of the bodies have been conducted.He informed that several of the 26 injured, who were admitted to the Khliehriat Community Health Centre, have been released, while eight of the critically injured are undergoing treatment at Silchar Medical College Hospital.An overloaded night-super bus (AS-01-Y-7379) run by Sherowali Travels, bound for Agartala from Guwahati on Tuesday, skidded off the highway and fell into a 400-ft-deep gorge in the landslide-prone village of Tamseng in Sonapur area, close to the Meghalaya-Assam boundary, in Meghalaya's East Jaintia Hills district during the wee hours of Wednesday.Police did not rule out drunken driving as a cause of the accident. The driver of the bus was among the scores of victims of the tragedy.With the onset of monsoon, the crucial highway, which is a lifeline for several northeastern states, gets frequently blocked due to heavy landslides as the hills along the highway have loose soil.A control room has been set up at Jowai to facilitate relatives of the victims to gather information on telephone numbers 0365-2220711 and 09436106342.Meanwhile, the authorities were yet to announce any ex-gratia to the next of kin of those killed in the accident or financial assistance to the injured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15427834", "title": "MC Mary Kom's win will boost North-East visibility in India", "text": "NAGPUR: As India's MC Mary Kom stood on the podium with her bronze medal, the nation cheered for her. The medal belonged to an Indian, and hence the whole country was proud.Luckily for her, like her many brethren from the seven sister states of North-East India, she didn't have to prove her 'Indianness' at this instance. Speaking to the people from north-east after Kom's triumph revealed a hurt buried deep inside their hearts at being constantly subjected to tests of nationality and a hope of recognition of their Indian identity.\"I am proud and happy. This win by Kom will help give recognition to the north-eastern states,\" said Joe Alfred H Buhril, a student of VNIT. He said when he came to Nagpur people asked him questions like 'Are you an Indian?' \"They didn't even know the existence or location of Manipur,\" he added.The feeling of alienation among the people of north-east can be felt in their words. \"It's an honour for the people of north-east and a moment of pride as we don't get many opportunities. Socio-economic benefits from the central government are also restricted. So her coming up to the international level to bag an Olympic medal is a great thing. She has struggled a lot to reach this position,\" said Among Jamir of National Churches Council of India. He hoped that this win will give recognition to the north-eastern people and make others realize that they are part of India and leads to more unity.Virag Pachpore, vice-president, Friends of North-East India said, \"There is a communication gap, a little alienation due to various factors. Students from these states are sometimes asked for passports. This affects them.\"But this win, he said, will probably have a positive impact as the whole country came together to congratulate Kom. \"This is very good, and especially the fact that the medal is coming due to the efforts of a lady from the north-east, many states of which are unknown to many people in the rest of India,\" Pachpore said.But all were not this positive. \"I am very proud. But I am afraid that this excitement will just be temporary and that Kom, like the other forgotten legends of the region, will just live in history books. This won't translate into the attention that the region needs for development,\" said Bimalendu Sil, a government employee.\"I hope that this win will put the north-east on the map of common Indians and that they recognize our potential. It is sad that sometimes it feels like an outcaste in our own country where people constantly doubt our nationality,\" said Vepu Pfuno, an MSc student.It is a sorry state when a section of the population has to constantly give evidences of their nationality to their fellow citizens. This win by Mary Kom is something which is being looked up to solve this problem of identity and anonymity of the north-east citizens of India. But will it?\"We are never called Indians, though politically, geographically we are. We are not fully accepted and are neglected. We don't get enough chances and this medal gives us recognition. We feel hurt, we also cheer with the whole country when Sachin makes a century or Saina Nehwal won the medal because we are as Indians as anybody else. But if even prominent people of the society are not aware from where someone like Kom hails, imagine the situation of us commoners,\" said John Rameson Monsang, a MSW student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15426948", "title": "Kingfisher stir Day 2: Six flights cancelled", "text": "MUMBAI: A section of Kingfisher airline pilots refused to report to work for the second consecutive day on Thursday due to non-payment of salaries by the airline. Six flights departing from Mumbai airport and four arriving flights were cancelled.This is the fourth time that the airline's employees have refused to report for work due to delays in payment of salaries. Despite assurances from the airline management, pilots decided individually to not report to work. Four flights to Delhi and two to Chennai from the city were cancelled.Airport officials said Kingfisher has already been operating with a diminished capacity since February. \"It is operating only 19 flights from Mumbai. Of these, six have been cancelled due to the pilots' stir,\" an airport official said. TnnKingfisher airline has been reporting very low passenger loads due to recurrent disruptions \"Most travelers are wary of booking on Kingfisher now. Due to constant changes in flight schedules and flight cancellations, passengers do not want to take a chance now,\" said a travel expert.According to airline officials, discontented pilots may continue to strike in the next few days also. \"Since there is no union, most such decisions are made individually. Pilots are also tired of delayed salaries and working without any serious assurance,\" the airline official said. \"The airline hasn't been able to stabilize even the curtailed schedule due to the frequent stirs. This is why passenger confidence in the airline has evaporated,\" he added. Some airline officials said that pilots may also think of giving the management some time and withdraw the stir. 'The decision is more individual than collective,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15428711", "title": "Prerna Puri is joint secretary, home", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In yet another step towards strengthening of AGMUT (UT) cadre in the administration, key charge of joint secretary (home) has been given to Prerna Puri, secretary IT, in her capacity as additional secretary (home) by UT administrator Shivraj Patil on Thursday. M M Sabharwal (PCS) is the new joint secretary, home.S K Setia (HCS), who had hogged the limelight during his previous stints in UT as DPI (Schools) and secretary, Chandigarh Housing Board (CHB), has been given the charge of joint secretary (Estates) and will look after the departments coming under Finance I branch.Mandeep Kaur, the new HCS to join UT will take over as secretary, CHB, besides holding the charge of joint director Rural Development Council, replacing Sabharwal. Puri will hold the charge of personnel, police, vigilance, hospitality, administrator's advisory council, establishment of chief engineers and superintending engineers of engineering department, meeting of home minister's advisory council, RTI, north zonal council, protocol and public relations.Sabharwal, who has recently taken over director public relations, will take care of charges, including state transport authority, high court, state legal service authority, district foreigner's registration office and local self government. Meanwhile, Mohammed Shayin will take over as the new Deputy Commissioner of Chandigarh, replacing Brijendra Singh. Haryana Government has last week allowed him to join UT on deputation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15427636", "title": "Gandhians vow to fight for anti-rape crusader", "text": "KOLKATA: A Tagore song marked the beginning of an event that was held at Gandhi Bhawan on Thursday. While the audience was all praise for the undaunted voice, a bereaved mother wept away in a corner. The voice was that of martyr and teacher Barun Biswas and the song had been recorded on his cell phone a few days before he was murdered.The Barun Biswas wave has reached a landmark building in Kolkata.Freedom fighters and eminent senior citizens of the city had on Thursday assembled at the historic Gandhi Bhawan in Beliaghata on Thursday and pledged to do 'everything' possible so that justice is meted out to the Biswas family. It was a significant day since the speakers and the members of East Kolkata Gandhi Memorial Samity - the committee which maintains Gandhi Bhawan - had assembled to observe August revolution, the day in 1942 when Gandhiji had given the clarion call - \"do or die.\"The committee had invited the slain teacher's family members and residents of Sutia. who along with Biswas along with a few villagers had formed the Sutia Pratibadi Mancha to give voice a platform to give protection to the local women who were raped time and again by a group of armed miscreants. Students from some schools in Beliaghata schools also participated in the function to pay tribute to 39-year-old teacher was gunned down on July 5.Speaking on the significance of inviting Biswas's parents to Gandhi Bhawan, Uma Banerjee - the secretary of East Kolkata Gandhi Memorial Samity - said that the samity thought it pertinent to spread another 'revolution' among the younger generation by citing the life and works of Biswas, an unsung hero till his death.Ashim Biswas, the elder brother of the crusader, said felt that the state administration should reach out to the residents of Sutia in an 'effective' way and help them in their endeavour to curb criminal activities in the locality. \"We want the murder mystery to be resolved. But the efforts of my brother will bear fruit if the state administration extends a helping hand to the people of Sutia Sutia fight against miscreants in the area,\" he said. Ashim was the one who had retrieved the song from Biswas's cell phone. Before beginning his speech, Biswas played a Tagore's song sung by Barun Biswas. \"I have found it from his cell phone. Barun had recorded it days before his death,\" he told audience who appreciated the voice.However, his mother Gita Biswas was too grieved to say anything. She broke into a fresh bout of tears on hearing a song by Pratul Mukhopadhyay that was composed in memory of Biswas. mother of Barun Biswas broke down to hear a song from Pratul Mukhopadhyay in memory of her son, her husband Jagadish Chandra Biswas , the slain teacher's fathervowed to continue the 'fight' till the actual culprits behind his son's murder were booked. \"I have no faith in the state administration. I want a CBI inquiry into my son's murder,\" he said.Jagadish believes Biswas felt that a contract killer was roped into to kill his son who had become a threat to not only the local molesters, but also a section of smugglers operating through Indo-Bangla border at Bongaon. \"The person who has been arrested and remanded in CID custody is not the kingpin. Let the CBI probe the matter and find out the truth,\" he added while wiping the tears that rolled down his cheeks. Ashim Biswas, the elder brother of Barun Biswas felt that the state administration should reach out to the residents of Sutia in an 'effective' way in their endeavour to curb criminal activities in the locality. \"We want the murder mystery get resolved. But, efforts of my younger brother will beer fruits if the state administration extends a helping hand to the fight against miscreants in the area,\" he said. Before beginning his speech, Biswas played a Tagore's song sung by Barun Biswas. \"I have found it from his cell phone. Barun had recorded it days before his death,\" he told audience who appreciated the voice.On behalf of the Sutia Pratibadi Mancha, president Nanigopal Poddar, its president, announced the formation of a Barun Biswas Trust that will cater to the needs of the underprivileged students and residents of Sutia.\"Initially, we have set a target to raise Rs 30 lakhs to carry on the unfinished social work initiated by Biswas on a large scale,\" Poddar said. Speaking on the significance of inviting parents of Barun Biswas to Gandhi Bhawan, Uma Banerjee the secretary of East Kolkata Gandhi Memorial Samity said that the Samity thought it pertinent to spread another 'revolution' among the younger generation by citing the life and works of Barun Biswas, an unsung hero till his death.This apart, the eminent speakers and freedom fighters remembered Amtul Salam and Bela Bose, two of Gandhiji's close aides, who had accompanied him went to Noakhali (now in Bangladesh ) along with Gandhiji to help the riot-affected people. Dhruba Bose, the son of Bela Bose also handed over a picture of Gandhiji along with Salam and Bose, to Uma Banerjee.Barun Dasgupta, a freedom fighter Barun Dasgupta, whom Gandhiji would lovingly call his walking stick, was also present spoke at the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15428843", "title": "SGS mall reopens, told to deposit 3 times tax", "text": "PUNE: The SGS mall in Pune Camp, which was sealed on Tuesday for non-payment of property tax, was opened on Thursday evening, following an order from the district and sessions court here.On an appeal filed by the mall, challenging the tax imposed by the Pune Cantonment Board (PCB), principal district and sessions judge Anant Badar ordered the PCB to forthwith remove the seals of the mall located on 231, Moledina Road.Judge Badar restrained PCB officials and its representative from entering the mall till further orders and directed the mall to deposit thrice the amount of property tax from 2010 to 2013 before the court.The mall, represented by lawyers Ranjit Srinivasan, Hariprasad Shetty, Arti Joglekar and Manoj Dubey, said they filed an appeal before the court under section 93 of the Cantonments Act, 2006. The lawyers said the PCB had issued a tax bill of Rs 4.6 crore, but it was now claiming a bill of over Rs 6 crore, including the interest. The lawyers cited numerous reasons and pleaded to de-seal the mall.The Bombay High Court had dismissed the writ petition filed by the mall against the PCB due to lack of jurisdiction, as the remedy to file the appeal vested with the district court.One of the lawyers, Hariprasad Shetty, said, \"We are calculating the tax to be deposited before the court. The tax as per the old annual triennial assessment for the above mentioned years may come to around Rs 1 crore.\" Judge Badar has directed the PCB to file their reply on Friday. PCB's lawyer M P Bendre was not available for comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15429834", "title": "Netas might get stranglehold over RGUHS", "text": "BANGALORE: In what could spell the death of Rajiv Gandhi University for Health Sciences (RGUHS), the government is trying to bring in an amendment to the RGUHS Act which will give politicians sweeping administrative powers.The draft bill, which was to be placed in the recently concluded session, has incurred the wrath of academicians since it infringes on the varsity's autonomy. The draft bill, a copy of which is with TOI, looks at completely restructuring the varsity.According to the bill , the syndicate, the university's highest decision-making body, will be scrapped and powers given to the senate. That's where the danger lies. The senate has three members of the legislative assembly and two members from the council. The prochancellor (medical education minister) can nominate five members.The amendment reduces the number of academicians in the senate. Earlier, there were five professors and five teachers who could have been elected. This is down to two each. Six heads of colleges nominated by the chancellor in consultation with the vice-chancellor by rotation for three years have been removed from this group.Others in the group are the VC; secretary, higher education ; director of medical education, health and family welfare, Indian systems of medicine and homeopathy; and members of the Dental Council of India, Karnataka chapter, Indian Nursing Council, Pharmacy Council of India, Medical Council of India, Central Council of Homeopathy, Karnataka chapter . It's this group that takes most major decisions.The government also wants to have four registrars instead of the present two. They will act as registrar (academic &amp; evaluation) for medical and dental, AYUSH and pharmacy, paramedical, and nursing courses. There will be separate academic councils for three sections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15427470", "title": "Meet on total transportation plan for Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: The consultant appointed to undertake the Comprehensive Transportation Study (CTS) for Hyderabad Metropolitan Region (HMR) has been asked to consider the proposed expansion at the city's IT hub as also the plan to shift industrial units outside Outer Ring Road.The LEA group, consultant for the CTS, on Thursday made a presentation to representatives of various departments on the transportation study at the Hyderabad Metro Rail Limited (HMRL) offices. The study is being taken up by Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA) with financial assistance from other departments.The consultant was asked to study any modifications to be made in the notified GHMC masterplan and HMDA areas to improve public transportation within HMA. The transportation systems and physical land use developments have to be dovetailed for more mobility, that is, faster transit time and more open spaces by way of transit-oriented developments.The future transport system planning would have to be more towards mass public transport allowing citizens to travel by public transport instead of having to take their private vehicles.The consultants said that location of future employment and population would determine the transport system plans and investments required for it. The study revealed that the population of HMA in next 30 years would be in the range of 1.6 crore to 1.9 crore, whereas the number of jobs would be in the range of 60 to 90 lakh. The survey has shown that nearly 60% of traffic on the road was two-wheelers and they carry only 32% of the population, while 2.5% of bus traffic carry as much as 34% of the people.The consultant said that the main focus of the study was on changing travel trends for Hyderabad and the future possible growth in population and employment along with their location in HMA. The consultants also presented and discussed in detail various options of future development and growth scenario with regard to land use and transport, including possible expansion of MMTS through case studies.The LEA representatives said congestion on the road could be reduced only if people shifted from two-wheelers and cars to metro or public transport system.The CTS would come up with transportation plan that would integrate the land use with transport and also integrate the transport system to provide seamless travel.The meeting was chaired by principal secretary, MA&UD; B Sam Bob and attended by HMDA metropolitan commissioner Neerabh Kumar Prasad, principal secretary, industries &amp; commerce K Pradeep Chandra, GHMC commissioner MT Krishna Babu and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15429629", "title": "Great escape: Rains stave off drought threat in Rajasthan", "text": "JAIPUR: For a state facing the threat of drought, the ongoing spell of rainfall since Sunday has come as a boon.Torrential to moderate rainfall in various parts of Rajasthan has helped many parts of the state sneak out of the near-drought-like conditions . At least 12 to15 districts \u2014 out of the earlier identified 27 \u2014 might be able to nudge themselves out of the dreaded drought tag. The current spell of rain has also come as relief for the farmers in Jodhpur, which is among the five drought-affected districts.For a state facing the threat of drought , the ongoing spell of rainfall since Sunday has come as a boon . Torrential to moderate rainfall in various parts of Rajasthan has helped many parts of the state sneak out of the neardrought-like conditions .The state disaster relief management department on Thursday said that the district has moved a notch up from scanty to deficient rainfall . The district received 275 mm of rainfall since the downpour started from Sunday . With this, now only four districts \u2014 Bikaner , Barmer , Jaisalmer and Nagaur \u2014 have witnessed 60% less than normal rain .\"With rainfall across the state , the situation has improved a lot. If it continues for few more days as the meteorological department predicted we can hope that at least fodder will be in adequate supply ,\" said D B Gupta , principal secretary , agriculture .Apart from the five districts where drought has been declared , only seven districts have received average rainfall while 22 districts are in deficient (-20 to -59 ) zone . According to sources in the irrigation department , many districts will maketothethelistof average rainfall if the ongoing spell continues .\"The second spell of the monsoon is on and the ongoing pattern suggests widespread rains in the state . Thus, these districts are going to get moderate showers in the coming days ,\" said an official in Jaipur met office.The met office on Thursday forecast widespread rains across the state for the next two days . It said mild to moderate showers would be witnessed in the southern and eastern parts of the state. Rain activity will be strengthened in the western parts of the state including Barmer , Jaisalmer , and Jodhpur in the next couple of days.Meanwhile ,Abu Road recorded a maximum rainfall of 14cm on Thursday and was followed by Roopan Kotari 11cm , Badi Sadari and Rawatbhata 10cm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15429155", "title": "Two children test positive for dengue", "text": "MADURAI: Dengue scare has returned to haunt Madurai after a brief respite.Two children, a girl and a boy admitted in the Government Rajaji Hospital (GRH) with prolonged fever have tested positive for dengue. The girl, aged seven years, hails from Cumbum in Theni district, while the boy is from Siluvathur in Dindigul district. Both have been suffering from fever for some days. They were referred to the GRH as the local hospitals suspected the fever as symptoms for dengue.The microbiological tests taken on Thursday tested the children with dengue positive and they are now given intensive treatment in the hospital. Official sources in GRH said that the two children who were admitted to the hospital tested positive and are being treated. However, they heaved a sigh of relief as no one from Madurai district were reported with symptoms of dengue. \"There are no cases reported from Madurai district,\" a health official said.In June and July last, there were several cases of dengue reported from Tirunelveli that subsequently spread to Madurai. The Madurai GH was then flooded with people with symptoms of dengue and the officials plunged into a fire-fighting mode and controlled the disease from spreading. Along with treatment measures, health officials also launched an awareness campaign to prevent fresh cases of dengue incidence and had succeeded.When the outbreak was finally brought under control, dengue virus had claimed 29 lives in Tirunelveli, according to health officials with few more deaths in neighbouring districts like Ramanathapuram and Madurai.District health officials said that there are no dengue cases in the district limits now and everything is under control due to prevention and control measures taken in the district. \"We are keeping a close watch on persons admitted with symptoms of dengue. But the health situation in the district is under control. There is no fresh breakout,\" said an official.The two children with dengue have been admitted in the special paediatric ward and are provided intensive care.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "15428325", "title": "Finally, PMC starts lifting waste in town", "text": "PONDA: The Ponda municipal council (PMC) recommenced lifting of garbage after a three-day gap in collection.The civic body stated that it had cleared about 75% of the piled-up garbage from the town by late Thursday evening and the rest would be cleared by Friday.Pradeep Naik, chief officer of the PMC, admitted that after the Usgao incident on Monday, the PMC could not lift garbage from the town as there was no place to dispose it. It had resulted in piling-up of garbage across the town.As the civic body revamped its composting units in several wards, the PMC started lifting the garbage from Thursday.\"Although the compost units cannot treat all the garbage generated in the town, we have at least started to give a small respite to citizens by clearing the garbage. The garbage would be segregated and the bio-degradable waste would be used in the composting units. While the non bio-degradable waste such as plastic bags and bottles would be sent for recycling,\" the PMC chief officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15431596", "title": "NTR\u2019s Baadshah leaving to Bangkok on Aug 11", "text": "Young tiger Jr NTR and his team will be leasing to Bangkok this week to start the new schedule of shooting for their forthcoming movie Baadshah. After wrapping up a long schedule in Italy and Switzerland, NTR will leave to Bangkok on August 11 to participate in the action episodes of the film.This stylish comedy and action entertainer sees Jr. NTR in a trendy look and a Mumbai based stylish has been roped in to oversee the actor's hairstyle and look. Kajal Aggarwal is paired opposite NTR for the second time after \"Brindavanam\"Producer Ganesh Babu is leaving no stone unturned to make it a lavish project. He already said that Baadshah would release in January 2013 for Sankranthi, and the audio release would be in month of December. Gopi Mohan and Kona Venkat are providing the script while Thaman is scoring the music.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15427084", "title": "Restore counsel\u2019s security, high court tells cops", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court has asked Delhi Police to restore its security cover to the government's standing counsel (civil) Najmi Waziri and his family.A bench of acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw asked police to redeploy three of its personnel at Waziri's home and provide a personal security officer to him with immediate effect.He had been given security following threats received after he pointed out illegal constructions in Jama Masjid area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15431659", "title": "TV actress Jennifer Winget shoots her debut film", "text": "Raahat Kazmi who is the director of film 'Love Kiya Aur Lagg Gayi' made under the banner of Shreeram Entertainment house produced by Harish Sharma planned the shoot of climax at Russian Villa in Malad west where entire cast of the film was present. Jennifer Winget and Vinod Dixit are making their debut in this film.Shaurabh Shukla, Mukesh Tiwari, Bijendra Kala, Mushtaq Khan, Jawed Sheikh and Pawan Malhotra were the other artist for the shoot.The film is an out and out comedy. Jennifer is very happy to be part of this film.The film has music by Rashid Khan and Babloo Kumar and lyrics has been penned down by Krishna Bhardwaj.The film's dailogue is written by Sanjay- Amar and picturised by Sethuraman.Buniyad Ahmed is the executive producer of the film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15427236", "title": "Prayers for rain during Shravan", "text": "MUMBAI: As the second half of the monsoon arrives with little rain in sight, religious organisations are performing rituals to appease the rain gods. ISKCON temple in Juhu began its Janmashtami celebrations with a 'yagya' or fire sacrifice on Thursday hoping the shortfall would be covered in the following weeks.\"The offerings made to Lord Vishnu during a 'yagya' evoke auspiciousness and eliminate any scarcity or deficiency in Nature,\" said spokesperson Parijata Devi. The temple installed 11 'havan kunds' and devotees officiated as priests. In Andheri, a similar ritual was performed at the newly renovated crematorium of Parsiwada in Chakala. Shambhugiri Goswami of the Shri Vyapari Mitra Mandal said, \"The month of Shravan is dear to Lord Shiva and we are seeking his blessings by organising the 'Shravan rudrabhishek'. Families in Kutch and Marwar immerse their household 'shivling' in a vessel of water in a ritual believed to bring rain.\" Pandit Vishnu Maharaj arrived from Bhayander to perform the ceremony free of charge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "15429047", "title": "BIT Sindri students gherao police outpost &amp; director's residence", "text": "SINDRI: Thursday proved to be a busy day for the BIT Sindri administration. Initially the second-year students gheraoed director's bungalow and Gaushala police out post to get their fellow student released from police custody and later the final-year students gheraoed the director's office demanding relaxation in attendance so as to enable them appear for campus placement interview.According to reports, a second-year mining engineering student, Rakesh Kumar, was caught red-handed by a teacher while ragging some first-year students with his colleagues on Wednesday. He was immediately produced before the institute director who handed him over to the police. The Gaushala out post of Sindri police station lodged a case under Sections 341,342,501 and 294(i) of IPC on the basis of the written complaint of institute director S K Singh and arrested him.Following the arrest, nearly 400 second year student gheraoed the director's bungalow on Thursday morning and raised anti-administration slogan demanding the immediate release of the arrested student. However, when institute director did not budge from his stand, the students blocked the Sindri-Dhanbad main road and gheroaed the Gaushala out post demanding release of the student.According to Gaushala OP officer in-charge Rajdeo Sharma, since the case was lodged under bailable Sections, the police released the student, a day scholar, on bail. After this the students lifted the blockade and the gherao.Barely had the institute administration heaved a sigh of relief, nearly 400 final-year students came out on road and gheraoed the director's office demanding that they be allowed by the institute administration to appear for the campus placement interview scheduled for Friday.According to institute director, class attendance of seventh and eighth semester students has been alarmingly low for quite some time and, despite repeated instructions, the students were not attending class in the name of preparing for campus placement. This has become a trend in the institute and the institute administration was facing many problems as number of students were not able to clear all their papers despite getting selected for job. This trend has been increasing year after year. This time the institute administration decided to not allow students without 75 per cent attendance to appear for campus placement.Following the gherao, the director convened a meeting of the head of the department to discuss the problem. According to the director, when the student assured to attend classes in future, the heads recommended to allow them to appear for the campus placement tests on Friday. Nearly 468 students are likely to appear for the campus interview on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15429667", "title": "NMC\u2019s general body meeting adjourned", "text": "NASHIK: The general body meeting of the NMC was adjourned on Thursday after paying homage to prominent personalities who died last month. The meeting will now be held next week.The meeting was adjourned after paying condolence to the late former Congress MLA from Niphad and former Zilla Parishad president Dulaji Nana Patil and other personalities. A proposal in this regard was tabled by MNS group leader and House leader in NMC Sujata Dere, Shiv Sena group leader Ajay Boraste and CPM group leader Tanaji Jaybhave.Mayor Yatin Wagh announced the adjournment of the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15427456", "title": "Deccan Chronicle stocks crash to new low", "text": "HYDERABAD: Deccan Chronicle Holdings Ltd (DCHL)'s share price on Thursday tanked to yet another all-time low of Rs 12.25 on the Bombay Stock Exchange even as latest disclosures to the Registrar of Companies (RoC) revealed that the promoters of the company had raised Rs 220 crore from Religare Finvest at a whopping 19% rate of interest in June this year in addition to Rs 100 crore from Kotak Mahindra Bank by pledging various assets over the past two years.According to the latest disclosures made to RoC on Wednesday, DC promoters pledged three crore shares of DCHL, at a then market price of Rs 27.45 crore, with Religare Finvest. These were part of the shares that DC promoters had already pledged with Future Capital Holdings (the loan has since been acquired by Kishore Biyani), as alleged by Karvy Stock Broking Ltd in its criminal complaint against the three DC promoters - T Venkattram Reddy, T Vinayak Ravi Reddy and PK Iyer.In addition to this, they also mortgaged properties worth Rs 200 crore, created a charge on Rs 71 crore Deccan Chargers franchise and sponsorship payments to be received during the year as well as on Rs 150 crore worth of receivables from various agencies by way of security to Religare Finvest. The DC promoters had to repay the Rs 220 crore Religare Finvest loan in two tranches - bullet payment of Rs 120 crore within 60 days of acquiring the loan and the remaining Rs 100 crore in two equal instalments of Rs 50 crore each in December 2012 and June next year.Kotak Mahindra Bank, on the other hand, had extended Rs 100 crore by way of short-term loan and working capital loan to DCHL in June 2010 and January 2011 after the promoters mortgaged the company's properties in Sterling Eleganza Apartments in Secunderabad's West Marredpally in addition to creating a first charge on various tangible and intangible assets of Deccan Chargers Sporting Ventures' franchise agreement with the Board of Control for Cricket in India. However, the charge in favour of Kotak Mahindra Bank was registered only on August 7, 2012. These disclosures tracked a series of similar mortgages with ICICI Bank, Axis Bank , Yes Bank, IDFC and Canara Bank , which were made public recently. Meanwhile, in its petition filed with the Debts Recovery Tribunal (DRT) at Hyderabad, IDFC has stated that it has already sold around Rs 6 crore worth of DCHL shares pledged by to it by the company's promoters to recover a part of its dues that now stand at Rs 120.2 crore with interest at 18% till repayment.This even as DRT Delhi has ordered Punjab National Bank to pay IFCI Rs 6 crore out of the Rs 9.25 crore in the DCHL account with the bank's Hyderabad branch towards part repayment of the Rs 25 crore non-convertible debentures that were due in June end this year.The petition filed by ICICI Bank urging DRT against passing any interim orders without a hearing was opposed by IFCI on the grounds that the former was a secured lender while it was an unsecured one. A further hearing in the case has been posted to Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "15428902", "title": "Storm in Tripura over Left Front MLA forging Scheduled Caste certificate", "text": "AGARTALA: The political situation in Tripura has suddenly turned volatile over the demand of immediate removal of Left Front MLA Partha Das from the assembly for contesting elections from Schedule Caste (SC) reserved seat with a fake SC certificate in 2008.After 10 days of inaction from the government, a six-member team of Congress legislators, led by leader of the opposition, Ratan Lal Nath, met governor D Y Patil Patil on Thursday morning and demanded Das be sacked. They also asked him to announce the name of second-highest vote securing Congress candidate from the seat as MLA.The Opposition has alleged that the state government did not inform it about Das's fake SC certificate issue for the past 10 days and as a result, after confiscation of his certificate by State Level Scrutiny Committee (SLSC), he is still enjoying all benefits and privilege as an MLA.After several rounds of investigation, the SLSC, on July 31, cancelled Das's certificate but the state government did not take any action against him. \"Since the nomination paper of Das is illegal, as per the provision, the second-highest vote securing candidate form Congress, Mira Das, was the actual winner. But the Left Front government illegally deprived her of her right,\" alleged Nath.He flayed the role of chief minister Manik Sarkar over the issue and alleged that despite knowing that Das had managed a forged SC certificate during Left Front rule in 1984, Sarkar allowed him to be a member of the assembly illegally.\"Besides removal of Das and recovery of the entire amount of money he used from the public exchequer, he has to be arrested under sections 420, 468 and 471 of the IPC. We also demanded resignation of Sarkar on moral grounds for sheltering a criminal,\" added Nath.He demanded action under 125 A of Representation of Peoples Act and violation of Article 193 of the Constitution, which mandates the provision of payment of Rs 500 a day from the date Das took oath as MLA, along with jail custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "15429122", "title": "Freedom fighters to boycott Independence Day function", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Freedom fighters are all set to boycott their felicitation programme on Independence Day for the second consecutive year in protest against the government's delay in allotting land to them for constructing houses. They claimed the government was delaying the allotment on one pretext or the other and that if a decision was not taken by August 12, they would stay away from the function.Criticizing the Arjun Munda government, the Singhbhum Zila Swatantra Senani Evam Utradhikari Sangh (SZSSEUS) said the government is insulting them with its lackadaisical attitude. \"From the last Independence Day to this, no progress has been made. We have been running from one table to another without much help. It's very sad and disgraceful for us,\" said SZSSEUS, convenor, Jagannath Mohanty, the son of 87-year-old freedom fighter, Basanti Mohanty.His grandfather, Ghanshyam Mohanty, also fought for the county's independence.The deputy chief minister, Hemanth Soren, who had visited the city during Republic Day, had assured the members that he would address their demand by August 15. But his assurance has not been translated into reality. \"Not only Soren, even the chief minister had assured us that they would settle the issue by this Independence Day. But as I said we have been only receiving assurances for the past one decade,\" said Mohanty, adding that if the government fails to provide them with land by August 12, they will boycott the felicitation programme, organized by the district administration. This programme is held every year to honour freedom fighters at Gopal Maidan.The district administration did appear ready to provide land to the 22 odd freedom fighters either in Birsanagar or Tuliyabera near Baliguma along National Highway-33 but for some undisclosed reasons it changed its mind.\"We were told land in residential and commercial areas cannot be gifted to any group or individual. So we did not move the matter further and are waiting for fresh directives,\" said a land department official maintaining anonymity.Mohanty alleged that the government was being very sensitive towards statehood activists and ignoring them. \"The government appears very sympathetic to the Jharkhand statehood activists' cause. I appeal to the government to be equally sympathetic to the demands of the freedom fighters of the county,\" said Mohanty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15429547", "title": "Last yr\u2019s mishap trims this year\u2019s pyramid", "text": "MUMBAI: Purushottam Mulik , (38), was at the bottom of a seven-tier human pyramid at Currey Road last year, when the govinda carrying the ch i l d wh o would break the dahi handi lost his footing. The pyramid came crashing down on Mulik, severely injuring a nerve in his head leaving him with multiple injuries\u2014partial vision in his right eye, an almost useless left eye and a gap in his spinal cord.Mulik, a father of two, who was a watchman with a private society in Santa Cruz has been unable to work. He returned to his hometown near Kolhapur. His advice to govindas: \"Don't be lured by the money organizers offer, care for your life. Put up a good show without aiming for too high a pyramid.\"The Currey Road chawl, Panchganga , at whose Janmashtami celebrations Mulik was injured last year, has followed his advice to an extent. This year, they will have a six-tier pyramid . \"We thought we shouldn't have any celebrations this year. But the youth did not agree and were set to join govindas elsewhere ,\" said the chawl president Ashok Patil. The society also got insurance cover for its revellers. \"I told them not to put away celebrations altogether, but reduce the size of the pyramid ,\" said Mulik. The society has been forming pyramids for 22 years. \"Barring last year, no one has ever been injured in the celebrations,\" added Patil.\"Our chawl was divided. Some wanted to celebrate Janmashtami , others were against it,\" said Parshuram Bhadwankar , pyramid orgainzer. \"Four days ago we decided to go ahead with the celebrations. The boys were ready to wear last year's t-shirts as there was no time to get new ones,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "15427918", "title": "Activists force financial firm manager to lock office", "text": "GONDIA: The action taken by Rahul Gandhi Youth Brigade (RGYB) forced the manager of a financial firm JSV Finance Company to flee from Gondia on Tuesday. The youths had stormed the Gondia office to take stock of the money collected by the firm in last three years from its investors in Gondia. The action forced manager Suresh Angure to lock the office and flee.District president of Rahul brigade Raj Keshwani said, \"JSV has collected around Rs150 crore from 6,000 investors assuring them to double their amount within five years. JSV is running its business in Gondia where as it has been banned in Madhya Pradesh. An offence has been registered against its director Vijaya Laxmi under Section 420, 467, and 471 of IPC and all the offices of the company in MP have been sealed as per high court order.\"A few days ago when RGYB members visited JSV to seek details, its territory manager Ajay Katre told them to come after Monday. On Tuesday the RGYB activists found a new manager Suresh Angure in place of Katre. Angure said that he could not give any details as he was new to the office. Later, he shut the office and fled from city.Keshwani said, \"The director Vijaya Laxmi has obtained only a gumasta licence from the municipal council to run the show. Hence we The company, which has no permission from any competent authority, is estimated to have collected about Rs 150 crore from about 6,000 people in Gondia. we lodged a complaint with Ramnagar police on Tuesday.\"API Shinde is inquiring into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15428842", "title": "Kashi Vishwanath Gyanvapi security security panel to meet tomorrow", "text": "VARANASI: When the standing committee on Kashi Vishwanath Gyanvapi security will hold its meeting after a gap of eight months, many crucial issues on the security of the highly sensitive complex could be found pending like the past meetings.With the beginning of Ram Janmabhoomi Ayodhya movement, Kashi Vishwanath Gyanvapi complex was declared highly sensitive site as it was also in the agenda of some forces. The standing committee on the security of this complex came into existence after 1992. After the city came on the target of terrorists, the sensitivity of this complex increased more. Security plans were prepared in view of the possibility of terrorist attacks. The standing committee is the only authorized body to take decision on all the security. Holding its meeting on quarterly basis was made a must by the Centre and the state government.The committee, which is headed by ADG (security), met in March, September and November last year. In the current year, the committee did not hold any meeting so far. As per the information received at the offices of district administration and police, the next meeting of the committee is scheduled to be held on Saturday. TOI tried to take stock of the pending issues and found that many of them had not been materialised so far.The security arrangements of this complex are divided in red zone (inner cordon) and yellow zone (outer cordon). The security of red zone is in the hand of CRPF while civil police hold the job of frisking and crowd regulation.The outer cordon's security is jointly handled by civil police and PAC. Though the companies of CRPF and PAC are available at this complex as per the prescribed strength, but filling all the sanctioned posts of civil police remains impossible for the state police so far. ASP (security) Sripati Mishra admitted that about 50 per cent positions of sub-inspectors and women SIs and some positions of head constables are lying vacant against the actual sanctioned posts.To meet the requirement of civil police, the cops are deployed at this complex from all the districts of Varanasi zone on rotation basis. Despite this ground reality, the state government failed to consider the demand of dedicated force for this site, though it is pending for past one decade.The proposal for creating separate feeder for uninterrupted power supply to the complex is also pending for several years. The generator sets are installed for back-up during power-cuts. In case of power-cuts, lighting arrangements can be ensured with it in limited areas of the red zone.The committee had stressed the need to demolish 45 old and dilapidated buildings in the past meetings. These buildings can prove dangerous for the security personnel and devotees and also lead to law and order problem. However, the agency concerned has not succeeded in implementing it. The identification of the site to create barracks for the CRPF personnel has also not become possible so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15429818", "title": "Order to make private colleges toe govt line", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a masterstroke that might just end the fuss over the fee reimbursement scheme, an ordinance was issued on Thursday bringing all private colleges affiliated to the three JNTUs directly under the state government. Governor E S L Narasimhan signed two ordinances on Thursday amending the AP Education Act, 1982 and Jawaharlal Nehru Technological Universities (JNTUs) Act - 2008, giving the state government and its vigilance and enforcement agencies powers over inspection and affiliation process of all colleges under JNTU Hyderabad, Kakinada and Anantapur.This has come as a blow to private college managements, who had queered their pitch for a hiked fee structure hoping to extract more under the fee reimbursement scheme. The state government is now firmly back in the driver's seat with state officials saying on Thursday that they would now keep a hawk's eye on colleges to prevent them from diluting the standard of education. Colleges predictably feared troubled times ahead with managements saying none of the 710 colleges in the state actually following all AICTE guidelines.In fact, the ordinance empowers the government to carry out stringent inspections of infrastructure facilities and human resources (teaching and non-teaching staff). \"The government's plan is to wrap up the inspection process before the announcement of Eamcet counselling dates. If the demand is to hike the fee, which will be later drawn from the state government under the cover of fee reimbursement scheme, the colleges should make sure that they provide students with facilities that match national standards,\" said an official.Feeling intimidated, colleges that were until now putting immense pressure on the government demanding a fee hike from Rs 31,200 to Rs 50,200, are now thinking of toning down their demands . Sources, said that the government is expecting the colleges to settle for a fee hike of Rs 4,000 per student per annum, raising the fee only up to Rs 35,000.The new ordinances, AP Education Amendment, Ordinance, 2012 and JNTUs Amendment, Ordinance, 2012 (No 4 and 5 of AP Ordinances respectively) will allow district and mandal-level task force units of the state government to inspect private engineering , MBA and MCA colleges and even close down institutions which are not following rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15432166", "title": "Celebrity fanfare lined up for Janmashtami", "text": "MUMBAI: Celebrities will add a touch of glamour to dahi handi festivities in Mumbai Friday. MLA Sachin Ahir and his wife Sangeeta have managed to draft the biggest names in the Hindi film industry for their Sankalp event in Worli.There is Akshay Kumar , Hrithik Roshan , Emraan Hashmi and Esha Deol. Ever the stuntman, Akshay will try a few tricks alongside the 400-odd teams at the venue while Hrithik plans to reprise the dahi handi act from the film Agneepath . Not to be outdone, Esha will for the first time do a ballet based on Radha before thousands of govindas in the vast Jamboree Maidan where Sankalp's festivities unfold.In the suburbs North Mumbai MP Sanjay Nirupam has organised what he calls Mumbai's first sarvajanik Krishna Janmotsav along the lines of the popular Ganeshotsav. His team has drawn up a full schedule of performances beginning 11 am through until 9.00 pm at the Kora Kendra Ground No 2 in Borivli.Performers include eight musicians, as many dancers and a DJ. Indian Idol singer Yashraaj will entertain the crowds as will Aman Trikha of Go Go Govinda fame with Prabhu Deva &amp; Sonakshi. Singers Indrani, Buddhaditya, Osama and Akash of Bharat Ki Shaan , Ravi Shukla who won the Voice of India show will perform apart from the extremely popular Vaishali Samant and Shibani Kashyap. Bali Brahmbhatt is a major attraction. Singers Abhas and Shreyas Joshi, Kaustubh, winner of Gaurav Maharashtracha, are enlisted as is dancer Vaishali Jadhav and singer Swaroop Balwankar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "15428384", "title": "'Special status' NGO wants to know what it is", "text": "MAPUSA: The NGO 'Movement for Special Status for Goa' (MSSG) has sought a meeting with chief minister Manohar Parrikar on the eve of his visit to Delhi to meet Prime Minister Manmohan Singh seeking special status of Goa.The NGO's convenor, Antonio Lobo, has said that they will convey to the chief minister their perspective, about what is needed for Goa while asking for special status from the Centre. He said that they wanted to know from the chief minister what he exactly meant while asking for special status for Goa.\"We have fixed the meeting with the chief minister on Monday, and we will convey to him what is needed for Goa under special status before he leaves for Delhi,\" said Lobo.Parrikar had recently stated in the legislative assembly that he will meet the Prime Minister on August 17 and will impress upon him the need for Goa to be granted special status under Article 371. Parrikar also said that he will raise the issue at the chief ministers' meeting in New Delhi. \"We are asking that Article 371 (I) of the Constitution of India be amended to incorporate therein powers for the legislative assembly to legislate in order to protect the resources of Goa including mines, forest and land of Goa, to prepare structure and identity of Goa and Goans and to bring in control, the uncontrolled migration into Goa,\" Lobo said.\"Resources which are limited can be optimally utilized for the population which is already inside Goa. The state has its own carrying capacity and we cannot afford the influx of thousands of migrants, which has been happening. These are the things which we want to discuss with the chief minister,\" the MSSG convenor added. Lobo said that MSSG hopes that Parrikar will highlight these issues during his meeting with the Prime Minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15428921", "title": "Maharashtra sees spurt in H1N1 cases, deaths this month", "text": "PUNE: The state has witnessed a rise in the number of H1N1 infections, with the virus claiming five lives and infecting 78 people within just eight days so far this month as against eight dead and 205 infected in the whole month of July.There has also been a five-fold increase in the number of throat swabs coming from various parts of the state to the National Institute of Virology (NIV) here for testing of the H1N1 virus since the beginning of this month. The NIV, however, says that there has not been a significant increase in the infection rate as compared to the number of suspected cases and throat swabs arriving for testing.The number, which was earlier restricted to an average three to four samples per day till July, has now jumped to around 15 to 20 samples each day. Mumbai has reported the highest 52 positive cases and one death followed by Pune with 13 positive cases and one death.\"We receive around 15 to 20 throat swabs every day now. They are mainly from Pune and the rest of Maharashtra except Mumbai and Raigad, which send the swabs for testing to the Haffkine Institute in Mumbai. The sudden increase in samples is being witnessed since the beginning of this month,\" senior scientist Mandeep Chadha, deputy director of NIV, told TOI on Thursday.However, Chadha said that there was no significant increase in the infection rate as only three to four samples among them test positive for swine flu .\"The viral infection will subside after the monsoon. Since it is a self-resolving as well as self-limiting virus, there is no need to panic,\" Chadha said.The H1N1 group of viruses proliferate more when the weather is humid and cool. It's an airborne virus and humidity and cool weather conditions are conducive to its survival.State epidemiologist Pradip Awate said, \"Influenza epidemics in colder countries are usually seen in winter. In tropical countries like India, epidemics can be seen throughout the year. In fact, there is a propensity towards more epidemics in the monsoon. This is usually due to a combination of high humidity, relatively cooler temperatures and indoor crowding of people.\"Around 95% cases tend to improve without the help of medicines. \"But of 29 deaths in Maharashtra this year, about 25% were those who did not fall in the high-risk category. Though the H1N1 influenza can strike anyone, those with compromised immunity are more susceptible to fatalities,\" Awate said.The spread of the swine influenza A (H1N1) virus is thought to occur in the same way seasonal flu spreads. The influenza spreads from person to person through the respiratory route. If a person already infected with the virus coughs, sneezes or even talks or sings loudly, he or she generates aerosols or droplets of saliva with virus particles in it.\"These particles get deposited in the respiratory tract of a nearby person, who, in turn, gets infected. These particles also get deposited on inanimate objects (called fomites) like napkins, handkerchiefs, door knobs etc. The virus can remain viable on such surfaces for a week or two. If a person touches these surfaces and then touches his or her nose, mouth or eyes, the virus can get transmitted to that person,\" said city-based microbiologists.So far, it is observed that certain medical conditions increase the risk of severe and fatal illness. These include obesity , respiratory diseases - notably asthma - cardiovascular diseases, diabetes and immunosuppression, liver disorders, pregnancy, hypertension and neurological disorders.Since April, the state reported 570 positive cases and 29 deaths. Pune district reported the highest number of deaths, that is 12, followed by Thane (4), Nashik (4), Kolhapur (4) and Mumbai (2). Aurangabad, Nanded and Gondia reported one death each.In 2010, the World Health Organisation warned of sporadic seasonal outbreaks of the disease due to changes in the season. It said this would happen for a couple of years till the virus dies down.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15431002", "title": "I cannot indulge in any personal luxury: Chitra Singh", "text": "It had to be Jagjit Singh who would coax her out of her 22-year-long exile from the public eye. \"He was my entire universe , my husband, friend, guide aur sabse badhkar, my guru,\" she says, in an introduction to The Master And His Magic \u2014 an album featuring eight unreleased, original compositions of the legend who revolutionised ghazals forever.The compilation album will be released on October 10, his first death anniversary. Despite being shaken by grave personal tragedies \u2014 her only son with Jagjit, Vivek, died in a car accident in 1990, her daughter Monica committed suicide in 2009 and last October, Jagjit passed away \u2014 Chitra has gathered herself bravely. Here, she talks to TOI.You haven't spoken to the press in 22 years. Why have you decided to talk now? Considering all that happened and the life I have been leading, there was nothing to talk about. I'm talking now only because of Jagjitji's new album.Why is such a rare collection released only now? For all these years, I didn't have these songs. Our very good friend and a great fan from Ahmedabad, Sanjay Tayal, who had collected these live performances between the late '80s and the late '90s, called me one afternoon and asked if he could come over and make me listen to these gems. We picked the eight best, of which one was recorded in a concert abroad. They were wonderful but had to restored and re-mastered.What are your earliest memories of Jagjitji's music? I must have been 22 when I first heard him sing and I didn't like his voice (smiles). But like Jagjitji, I was a huge Talat Mahmood fan, and hence had a different taste. His singing didn't register with me initially. But as I started listening, it grew on me, its finesse and its nuances. It mesmerised me.Of all that he taught you about music, what are the three lessons or rules that you hold as most important? It's hard to pick three. He would always say riyaaz karo...always hit the note on its head. Bahut singers sur ke aaju baaju se gaate hain. That is something he couldn't bear and he transferred that bug to me. The third thing he would repeat is \u2014 zyaada ustaadi nahi maarneka (smiles). Try out all your vocal fireworks at home. But when you sing, don't oversing. Focus only on the expression , passion and meaning of the lyrics. Gulzaar has often said that when Jagjit sings, he adds new meaning to the lyrics and enhances its depth. Most singers today overlook this.How was the teacher-student equation between you two? Jagjitji would sit in the hall with his harmonium and compose, while I would be inside cooking or giving my child a massage. What he would compose for me was vastly different from the songs he would compose for himself. That's because he knew my voice and ability so well.How do you look back at your musical journey with him? Singing has been my life and I always loved singing. Jagjitji came into my life and took it to another level. My journey started with him, went along beautifully and stopped abruptly.I am very spiritual. I believe everybody gets only as much as one is supposed to get. I won't say as much as one deserves...but as much as one is meant to. If you seek anything beyond that, you don't get it even if you break your head. What I was meant to get with Jagjitjee, I have had a full feel of it. I had a wonderful life and a superb musical career with him. I don't know what would have happened to me musically. He made me whatever I am. Also with what Jagjitji and I have gone through personally, there have been a lot of emotional, spiritual changes that have reflected in his music, selection and treatment of songs.From where did you draw strength to deal with the tragedies? I don't practice anymore but spiritual healing and counselling others helped me tremendously. It was very satisfying work. But life now has brought me to a stage where I cannot indulge in any personal luxury. I have to totally detach myself and concentrate on such things, which I can't do any longer.Spirituality is about cleansing your insides and your thoughts. My father instilled a lot of spirituality in me, which I realised only when I needed inner strength. Jagjitji was very spiritual too but without any fanfare. He was very perceptive and had terrific insight.Now that you have broken your silence, when do you plan to take the mic?  Aisa bilkul koi plan nahi hai. I won't sing. My fans will have to make peace listening to my records.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15427569", "title": "Taste test: Lab hunt for the best rice for Bengal palate", "text": "KOLKATA: The state government is running tests on all hybrid varieties of rice grown in Bengal to find the best three that suit the Bengali palate.Bengalis cannot compromise when it comes to their plate of steaming rice - the grains must be fine and aromatic and they must not stick. But since the high yielding hybrid varieties of rice are generally sticky and lack the aroma, they find few takers in the state.No wonder, hybrid varieties like IR8 lose out to their local competitors - gobindabhog, chamormoni, tulaipanji and sitashal - despite a nearly 80% higher yield.The state government has increased the areas under hybrid rice cultivation, in tune with the recommendations of the central government, but with few takers among its own people, the state's plans have fallen flat.This has prompted the government to select the three kinds of hybrid rice that will be cultivated in larger quantities.The criteria: Not sticky, aromatic and high yield.There are three kinds of rice available in the state. The first are traditional kinds like gobindabhog, chamormoni, tulaipanji, sitashal. Though they have a comparatively lower yield, they are the best in terms of taste, and hence sell more.The second kind is the high yield variety like satabdi, swarna, parijat and lolaat - the yield being 40% to 50% higher than the local ones. In terms of taste, this rice is somewhat average, definitely not as good as the local kind.The third type with the maximum yield - about 80% higher yield than the local variety - are the hybrid ones. However, many kinds of hybrid rice are sticky and lack the aroma and flavour.Researchers at Cornell University in the US have found that high yield verities like IR8 cannot give higher produce without chemical fertilizers.IR8 gave 5 tonnes per hectare without fertilizer and 10 tonnes per hectare with chemical fertilizers. This is way higher than the yield of the traditional varieties - 1 to 2 tonnes a hectare. But recent tests prove that some traditional varieties such as gopalbhog have a fairly high yield.Fiound The tests reveal that dwarf varieties of rice called high-yielding varieties or HYVs like IR 8 produce better yield only with the application of chemical fertilizer.With the markets being flooded with different kinds of this seed from government and private companies, farmers are clueless about which one to choose. This is the main reason why farmers don't get buyers for hybrid, even if the government wants this variety - with the maximum yield - to be produced more in the state.\"If tests are done to select the best three of the lot, the farmers can easily pick the best,\" said Madhab Chandra Dhara, rice agronomist in the Rice Research station of Hooghly's Chinsurah.Tests are on to increase production for four out of the six agro-climatic regions: Hills, Terai-Teesta flood plain, Bindha alluvial zone, new alluvial zone, red and laterite zone and coastal saline zone.The results will be out in November this year. The situation will improve remarkably next year, the state government hopes. Bengal does not have shortfall of rice - its demand is 142 lakh tonne against last year's production of 154 lakh tonne. This year, the target is 156 lakh tonne, and area under cultivation has been increased from 42 lakh hectare to 42.9 hectare this year. However, production has to increase so that there is no gap between the demand and the supply in the next few years, and the country's food security is maintained. There is also the plan to give a major boost to the production in the country's eastern region for the eastern green revolution.\"China produces 80% hybrid rice, so the production is much higher. In China, however, stickiness in rice is not an issue, and moreover people eat with chopsticks. For Bengalis however, lack of stickiness is very important,\" Dhara said.In Bengal - like most of the other rice producing belts in the country - the maximum rice producing area is under the \"high yielding variety\". The local variety is 5-10% and the hybrid variety is as little as 2%.Once the tests results are revealed, the cultivation for the hybrid variety is likely to increase, the more the state's yield will increase. This should be good news for both the government as well as for consumers who don't want to compromise on the taste.Nothing can come in the way of the Bengali and his plateful of steaming rice. And the grains of rice must be long but not sticky and sometimes, with aroma.So surely there is a problem for the Bengal government when the extremely high yielding \"hybrid\" varieties such as IR-8 have few takers compared to the more popular, traditionally grown local rice like gobindabhog, chamormoni, tulaipanji, sitashal and so on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15431527", "title": "Tiger to roar in the city of Nawabs", "text": "Salman Khan is coming down to Lucknow for the promotion of his upcoming film 'Ek Tha Tiger'. Salman had a tight schedule and he had an option of visiting only one more place but he chose to visit Lucknow.The city of Nawabs finally managed to call Salman to their place over any other city. Lucknow people are surely going to be lucky to have Salman in their city. Salman feels that he has a huge fan following in Lucknow, so he is quite eager to go and meet his fans.Along with the fans, one more thing which is attracting him to go Lucknow is the very famous food out there. Lucknow is very famous about its various cuisines. And especially now being the season of Ramzaan, Lucknow has many other mouth watering cuisines to serve to Sallu Bhai. The Tundey Ke Kababs, biryani, Kashimiri Chai, Kulche-Nahari are just a few enough to tempt the tiger.Ek Tha Tiger is a film very close to Salman Khan and for his fans of Lucknow to be a part of it is surely going to be an epic moment for them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "15429420", "title": "Assam chief minister opens prison at Jorhat jail", "text": "JORHAT: Chief minister Tarun Gogoi on Thursday inaugurated the \"Pitambor Dev Goswami memorial prison\" inside the Jorhat Central Jail to mark the centenary year of the jail. He announced that the Pitambor Dev Goswami memorial prison, where the great Vaishnavite social reformer and former Garmur satra satradhikar (head priest) was imprisoned during the freedom movement, will be preserved as a heritage building.Addressing a meeting organized to inaugurate the centenary programme of the jail, Gogoi said, \"Several jails of Assam have a glorious relation with the freedom movement of the country as many prominent freedom fighters were imprisoned here during the freedom struggle. Some martyrs were also hanged in Jorhat Central Jail. We are aware of the historic importance of our jails so we are planning to preserve part of some jails as heritage sites for the future.\"He added, \"Apart from that, we have also decided to transform our jails as reformation centres as the prisoners can avail the opportunity to reform themselves inside the jail. We will provide facilities like employment generation training for criminals so that they can earn their livelihood. We will also try to change their attitude so that they can live peacefully in society like a law-abiding citizen.\"The Jorhat Central Jail is one of the oldest jails in the country and it has completed 100 years this year. The jail was formerly known as Jorhat District Jail and was constructed during the British rule in India in 1909. It was opened in 1911 and during the freedom struggle, several prominent freedom fighters were imprisoned here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15429031", "title": "Cash and chain snatching gangs active in Ranchi", "text": "RANCHI: Unidentified criminals looted Rs 6.32 lakh from a contractor, Shakti Singh, on Thursday morning in Adarsh Nagar, Tantisilwai, when he was going to the Usha Martin factory on a two-wheeler. This daylight robbery, among a series of snatch-and-run incidents in the past few months, has sent alarm bells ringing ahead of the festive season.Cash and chain snatching has gone up in the past five months, said the police. Huge cash withdrawals are made this season and this perhaps explains why robbers' gangs are active. People carrying as little cash as Rs 3,000 are also getting robbed. The elderly and women are the principal targets.In the case of Singh, while he was passing through Adarsh Nagar, two youths on a bike accosted him. But Singh did not stop, onlookers said. The youths overtook him, forcing Singh to stop. Then they asked him to give them his bag. When he refused, they pointed a gun at him. Out of fear, Singh gave them his bag and the two fled in their bike. Thereafter, Singh raised an alarm and called the police.\"We recorded the statement of the victim. The matter is being investigated,\" said Ashok Kumar, officer-in-charge of Tatisilwai police station.On August 1, Rs 7,000 was looted from a person under the jurisdiction of Lower Bazaar police station. Two days later, on August 3, a sum of Rs 65,000 was snatched from a person in Namkum.The police said biker gangs keep an eye on people going to banks. They operate in such an efficient manner that despite the fest efforts of the Ranchi police, the gangs are yet to be caught.Senior citizen Nishikant Singh rued the increase in criminal activities in the capital. \"Even youths cannot carry cash without being mugged,\" he said.The police, as of now, have been unsuccessful in dealing with these cases. Some criminals were caught but investigations revealed they had no connection with the crimes and so were released.A victim of cash snatching, seeking anonymity said he was called to the Lower Bazaar police station more than four times. \"First of all they (the police) tried to blame me for the incident. They said money is bound to be snatched if I carry it carelessly in a handbag,\" said the victim.Last month, the Ranchi SSP, Saket Kumar Singh, had constituted a team of senior police officials to nab the snatchers.The DIG Ranchi range, Seetal Oraon, said, \"There has been a spurt in such cases recently. Officers have been given necessary instructions.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15427954", "title": "China co to assemble electric scooter at INKEL, Angamaly", "text": "KOCHI: A Chinese electric scooter manufacturer will start an assembling unit in the Angamaly campus of Infrastructures Kerala Ltd (INKEL), said its MD T Balakrishnan.\"Semi knocked-down kits, imported from China, will be assembled at the Standard Design Modules (SDM) of INKEL at Angamaly,\" he said to reporters in Kochi on Thursday.INKEL, a pubic-private-partnership, has constructed a five-storied building with 2.2 lakh sq ft of built-up area, ready to be occupied. The campus is located adjacent to the TELK-NTPC campus. \"We are looking for non-polluting industries to start operations at SDM and we have got four companies planning to occupy modules, which includes a food processing company too,\" Balakrishnan said.\"The site is 1 km from the Angamaly railway station, 6 km from the Cochin International Airport and 35kms from the Vallarpadam International Container Trans-shipment Terminal. The facility is located right on the fast developing Kochi-Trissur investment corridor,\" Balakrishnan said.\"The limited number of modules constructed at SDM Angamaly, provides an excellent opportunity to invest in a hassle free commercial property as an investment. The facility is offered to the investors at an attractive long term lease and on monthly rental rates. The lease rate and as well as the monthly rental rates varies from floor to floor. The present rates range from Rs 1,550 per sq ft to Rs 1725 per sq ft for 30 years long lease and Rs 16 to Rs 19 per sq ft for monthly rentals,\" INKEL officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15426812", "title": "Pedaller\u2019s delight: Cycle tracks planned in Noida", "text": "NOIDA: In a bid to reduce traffic chaos and encourage pedaling enthusiasts, the Noida Authority has invited bids for construction of two dedicated cycle tracks in the city and one along the Noida-Greater Noida Expressway. Each cycle corridor will be constructed at an approximate cost of Rs 1.5 crore. Three companies have come forward and applied for construction work. According to the Authority officials, the tender formalities as well as the Detailed Project Report will be completed soon and construction work will begin soon after.The two dedicated cycle corridors in the city will be constructed on Master Plan Roads number II and III. The cycle track on MP-II will be about 3m wide and 5.5km long and will be constructed from Sector 27 till Sector 61 via the Atta underpass and the Flex crossing in Sector 61. The second corridor on MP-III will be around 3m wide and 4.5km long and will be constructed from Sector 37 crossing till the Sector 57-71 crossing.According to the Authority officials, another dedicated cycle corridor will come on the service roads on either side of the Expressway, from the Sector 105 underpass to the Mahamaya flyover in Noida and from the Mahamaya Inter College road to the Sector 105 underpass in Noida.Chief project engineer of the Noida Authority, AK Goel, said that work on the cycle tracks will be completed within six months from the time that the construction is started.Following directions of chief minister Akhilesh Yadav, the Authority is constructing dedicated cycling corridors on all main roads, around the city stadium, along the Noida-Greater Noida Expressway and several other locations across the city.A total of 20km bicycle tracks have been planned across the city at a cost of around Rs 8 crore. The first phase of the project comprises of the two corridors mentioned above. Another 2.5km track is being constructed on Master Plan Road-I between Rajnigandha crossing and Noida Stadium. A dedicated track is also being built inside the Noida stadium.The project is being implemented in phases along with other developmental works like footpaths, development of green belts, etc. If the tracks planned a part of phase I of the project are successful, the design will be replicated in other areas of the city, Authority officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "15427186", "title": "Police refuse to allow rival festivities at Dombivli ground", "text": "KALYAN: Thane police commissioner K P Raghuvanshi has cancelled permission to both the Shiv Sena and its rebel MP Anand Paranjape to host dahi handi celebrations at the Bhagshala ground in Dombivli, citing law and order problems. Thane police also imposed section 144 at the ground and adjoining areas to avoid any untoward incident. The decision brought major disappointment for the two groups. Earlier, on Thursday morning, KDMC commissioner Ramnath Sonawane had permitted both the Sena, led by local corporator Dipesh Mahatre, and Paranjape, who was elected on a Sena ticket but is now supporting the NCP, to peacefully celebrate dahi handi at the venue.The two groups are at loggerheads over who will hold the dahi handi function on the ground.Mahatre, had moved against permission granted to Paranjape in to the court, claimed that he had approached Kalyan- Dombivali Municipal Corporation (KDMC) first to seek permission and concession in rates for the ground, but his plea was rejected. He alleged that Paranjpe had used his clout to seek KDMC's permission to put up the handi there.However hearing both side on Wednesday setting aside permission granted to Pranjape, court had ordered KDMC commissioner Sonawane to take new decision on grant of permission on Thursday by consulting with both party leaders.On Thursday morning when first Paranjape met to the KDMC commissioner and submitted his application demanding for permission which eraked to Shiv sena supporters including Mayor Vaijyanti Gholap who went outside commissioner office and passed abusive language against MP Paranjape.To control the situation the local Bazarpeth police later arrested around 50 Shiv Sena workers including Gholap and released on personal bond.Later commissioner taking safe decision has given permission to both parties. However if police sources to be believes then even though both party had agreed to celebrate festival in half ground successfully then also there was internal news that some miscreants from party can raised law and order problem situation.Confirming news Manoj Patil, Deputy Commissioner of Police, Unit 3 said, \"There is possibility of law and order situation due to event and this is reason we have canceled the permission of both party and have imposed CRPC 144 at ground restricting to go anybody there\".Dipesh Mahatre, Shiv Sena leader blamed commissioner Sonawane responsible for the whole episode claiming that if he had accepted their permission request as we had approached first then the issue has not risen up to this level.MP Paranjape too also accepted police decision and decided to keep mum on the issue.To take precautionary measures the police have raised security around the city and have also deployed one platoon of SRPF (State Reserve Police Force).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15429793", "title": "Congress Hatao campaign launched", "text": "JAIPUR: The Bharatiya Janata Yuva Morcha (BJYM) on Thursday launched its nation-wide campaign against the UPA government Congress Hatao from the state capital. Led by the BJYM's national president and MP Anurag Thakur, senior members of the state BJP and hundreds of supporters participated in a rally against the Congress governments in Jaipur.Hundreds of workers and supporters participated in the rally which started from the state party headquarters and moved towards the chief minister's official residence at Civil Lines. It was a show of strength for the party as most senior members from the city also participated in the rally along with the youngsters. The protestors though were stopped by the police at the Civil Lines Crossing, where they raised slogans against the state and the centre.Protests programmes would be organised by the party's youth wing members. Prior to the rally Thakur along with senior members addressed the party workers at supporters outside the state party headquarters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15427718", "title": "Ashram shalas under scanner", "text": "NAGPUR: Over a thousand ashram shalas (boarding schools for tribals) in the state will be put under scanner with top officials of the government carrying out a special inspection between August 15 and 30, state tribal development minister Babanrao Pachpute said here on Thursday. He said his ministry's focus on improving quality of education and amenities at the tribal schools had already yielded results and the number of students had shot up from 8.5 lakh to 18 lakh.A couple of years ago, the then tribal development secretary Uttam Khobragade had in a major embarrassment to the government said most of ashram schools in the state were in abysmal conditions and not fit for humans. Half of these schools are run by the government and the rest on grants basis by organizations. While those run by the government lacked basic amenities, the private ones inflated figures and defrauded the government by huge amounts, he had alleged.However, Pachpute has now claimed that things were in control as the government had set the target of improving the quality of education for tribals to improve their lot. Since most of these schools are located in inaccessible forest and villages where teachers are reluctant to go, the ministry had introduced biometric system of attendance for students as well as teachers from August 15. \"We have already taken action against 59 schools and once report of the special inspection teams is available next month we will not spare any erring school,\" Pachpute warned.\"Looking at the problems of Naxal-hit areas in Vidarbha, we are considering setting up model education hubs for tribal students where at one education complex a student can be taught from KG to PG (kindergarten to post-graduation). Such centres are being planned at Gadchiroli, Deori (for Bhandara-Gondia) and Nagpur. This is a ten-year plan and may require Rs100 crore but most of it can come from the Union government. A team from state will visit Odisha where such a centre for tribals has been set up,\" said Pachpute. \"If NIT gives us 60-70 acres of land, we will develop the Nagpur centre as a model on fast track,\" said the minister. He said a special commissionerate for tribal education was also on cards in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15426818", "title": "Central Railway's train time management system flops", "text": "MUMBAI: The railways' much-touted Train Management System (TMS) has been a flop with Central line commuters. The computerized system, through which information about train arrivals and departures is put up on electronic display boards in platforms, has failed to impress, with passengers calling it erratic.\"It works in fits and starts,\" said Kurla resident Himanshu Shukla.\"There are times when the system does not work for days. This is strange considering that TMS is a tried and tested technology and in use on WR,\" he said.CR activated TMS between Masjid and Vidyavihar in April 2011. On July 25 this year, the system was activated at all Main line stations till Kalyan. In all, between CST and Kalyan, there are 26 stations with 92 platforms. The project was more than a decade in the making and cost Rs 32 crore.At times, the indicators do not change after a train's departure. \"Once I was waiting at the platform for a fast train to Ambernath. The train had already left, but the indicator still mentioned the arrival time. After waiting for quite a few minutes, I asked a stall owner and only then came to know about the departure of the train,\" said Ghatkopar resident Sonal Shah.CR general manager Subodh Jain said, \"We are not satisfied with its performance and so have decided to issue a notice to to Bombardier Transportation (which installed the system).\"Bombardier won the contract for the design, supply, installation, testing and commissioning of TMS on Central Railway stations in Mumbai in 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15431898", "title": "Prabhu Deva, Sonkashi in true Janmashtmi spirit", "text": "Recently India's most accomplished male dancer Prabhu Deva shot a Janmashtmi Dahi-Handi breaking song for Akshay Kumar's Oh My God.Accompanying the magical dancer was Sonakshi Sinha who's rapidly emerging as one of the better female dancers in the industry. Says Prabhu, \"Sonakshi dances really well. She has great timing and wonderful grace. The last time I enjoyed keeping pace with someone so much was Madhuri Dixit when we did the Que Sera Sera number in Pukar .\"Prabhu says he wanted to make this Janmashtmi song very different from the ones that have been seen on screen so far. \"We just wanted to do a fun song. In our own way,\" says Prabhu who broke his own self-imposed rule for this very special song dedicated to Lord Krishna. No item songs, unless it's for the God.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15427481", "title": "Date debate ensures Janmashtami encore", "text": "HYDERABAD: Many denizens and groups of devotees celebrated Janmashtami on Thursday by performing pujas and observing fasts even as some chose to observe the event on Friday given the confusion over the exact date for the festival.Devotees celebrated the auspicious occasion marking the birth of Lord Krishna by fasting and performing pujas. Temples and religious groups in the city too organised bhajan sessions, specials pujas and distribution of bhog.Bharat Sevashram Sangha celebrated Janmashtami on Thursday. Sangha secretary Swami Muniswarananda said: \"A special puja was performed at 8pm followed by distribution of prasad and bhog to the poor and needy and also the hundreds of devotees who visited the temple here.\" He added that every year, around this time, they distribute free notebooks at several government schools in the state and will continue the practice this year as well by handing out 10,000 books at some government schools in the slum areas of the city. Ramakrishna Math was another organisation which celebrated the festival on Thursday. The programme included Bhagwat Gita reading in the morning followed by a bhajan and sloka session in the evening.Manu Agarwal, a volunteer, said that an estimated 1,200 people had gathered for the aarti and prasad distribution in the evening.Talking about the confusion over the date for the festival, he said: \"Some organisations follow the solar calendar while others, Ramakrishna Math included, follow the lunar one, which suggests that the ashtami is at 12am on Friday and not at 12am on Saturday.\"Meanwhile, organisations like ISKCON will celebrate Janmashtami on Friday. Members of ISKCON said that the temple in Hyderabad would be open throughout the day on Friday for darshan with around 50,000 devotees expected to visit the shrine. The main attraction at ISKCON is the abhishekam which is scheduled to be performed at 10pm followed by the maha aarti. Members of the Gujarati community, too, will celebrate the festival on Friday.Lord Sri Krishna's idol is decorated in new clothes and ornaments and people wear saffron on Janmashtami as it is considered to be an auspicious colour. Many families even recreate the story of Krishna's birth through a model comprising a jail and some trees. Chappan bhog comprising 56 varieties of food items are offered to the Lord and devotees fast till midnight after which the next day is spent visiting temples and relative's homes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15427188", "title": "Here, brooms have long lost the vroom", "text": "CHENNAI: Two weeks after local administration minister K P Munusamy said that no garbage should remain in the city for more than 24 hours, residents and shopkeepers of Park Town and Sowcarpet are forced to live amidst piles of filth that grow every passing day. People here say no garbage has been cleared since Sunday.Parents of children who study at Gujarati Primary School on Revenier Street have stopped walking down the street while taking their wards to school. \"They don't want their children to walk past the pile of garbage at the junction of Revenier Street and Kesava Iyer Street,\" says Shanmugam, a cycle rickshaw driver who drops a few children home.Residents and shopkeepers in the bylanes of Walltax Road say a few workers swept the streets on Thursday morning, but it hasn't helped much. \"Sweepers came to clear garbage from some roads, including Ponnappa Nagar Road and Amman Koil Road, but they only pushed the garbage on to the sides,\" said Ankit Jain, who runs a metal shop.The residents said the corporation used to clear garbage from the commercial-cum-residential area every alternate day. \"But now it has been more than five days. Look at the flies here,\" rued a man who runs a tea stall on Sivaraman Street. They say the unhygienic conditions have led to increase in the number of mosquitoes.The problem seems to be a lot deeper than the general inefficiency of the civic staff. Ward 59, under which the streets come, has more than 170 permanent conservancy workers, which is more than most other divisions have. However, not even 100 of them can be seen on the field every morning, say corporation officials. \"On any given day, 70 people are absent. Twenty of them take their day off, the rest take leave,\" said a civic body official. \"None of the senior officers question or suspend them,\" he added. They admit that on a daily basis, nearly one-third of the streets are not cleaned.\"Of the 170, hardly 30 are below the age of 35,\" he said. \"The others were transferred from zones in South Chennai where they did not do any work for 10 years. Many of them are above 50.\" Temporary workers, who are paid 300 a day, are employed so irregularly that some of them refuse to return to work. Corporation commissioner D Karthikeyan said garbage is being cleared from the area every day. \"Our people clear every street once a day. It is the shopkeepers who dump waste every day. We had served them notices for this,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15428225", "title": "Railways to run special puja train to clear passenger rush", "text": "LUCKNOW: In order to make travelling convenient for passengers during the festival season, Railways has planned to run several puja special trains. While, two of the special trains, 04203/04204 Varanasi-Delhi Jn. tri-weekly Express and 04201/04202 Lucknow-New Delhi tri-weekly Express will directly cater to passengers from Varanasi and Lucknow, the other special trains will also pass through important districts of the state.The train number 04203/04204 Varanasi-Delhi Jn. tri-weekly Express will depart from Varanasi from October 1 to November 28 (26 trips) on every Monday, Wednesday and Saturday at 06.15 p.m. to reach Delhi Jn. at 10.40 a.m. the next day. In the return direction, the train number 04204 will depart from Delhi Jn. from October 2 to November 29 (26 trips) on every Tuesday, Thursday and Sunday at 02.00 p.m. to reach Varanasi at 05.45 a.m. the next day. The train consisting of 10 sleeper class and two 2{+n}{+d} class cum luggage van coaches will stop at Sultanpur, Lucknow, Moradabad and Ghaziabad stations enroute in both the directions.Another special train number 04201/04202 will run between Lucknow and New Delhi thrice a week. The train 04201 Lucknow-New Delhi tri-weekly Express will depart from Lucknow from October 2 to November 29 (26 trips) on every Sunday, Tuesday and Thursday at 10.45 p.m. to reach New Delhi at 08.20 a.m. the next day. However, in the return direction, it will depart from Delhi Jn. from October 3 to November 30 (26 trips) on every Monday, Wednesday and Friday at 11.55 p.m. to reach Lucknow at 09.45 a.m. the next day.The train will consist of one AC-2 tier cum AC-3 tier, one AC-3 tier, eight sleeper class and two second class cum luggage van coaches. The train will stop at Moradabad and Ghaziabad stations enroute in both the directions.Meanwhile, train number 04022/04021 Patna-Delhi Jn. Express will also pass through Lucknow and other cities. The train number 04022 Delhi Jn.-Patna daily Express will depart from Delhi Jn. from October 15 to November 28 (45 trips) at 01.20 p.m. to reach Patna at 11.15 a.m. the next day. In the return direction, the train number 04021 will depart from Patna from October 16 to November 29 (45 trips) at 02.10 p.m. to reach Delhi Jn. at 10.40 a.m. the next day. The train consisting of 14 sleeper class and two second class cum luggage van coaches will stop at Ghaziabad, Moradabad, Bareilly, Lucknow, Sultanpur, Varanasi, Mughalsarai, Buxar, Ara and Danapur stations enroute in both the directions.The other special trains like 04024/04023 Delhi Sarai Rohilla-Darbhanga bi-weekly Express, starting its run from Delhi from October 15 and from Darbhanga a day after, will stop at New Delhi, Ghaziabad, Moradabad, Bareilly, Shahjahanpur, Seetapur Cantt, Gonda, Basti, Gorakhpur, Deoria Sadar, Siwan, Chhapra, Sonpur, Hajipur, Muzzafarpur and Samastipur stations enroute in both the directions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "15426668", "title": "MLA's absence hits development in Koraput's Maoist heartland", "text": "KORAPUT: Fear of Maoists and absence of Laxmipur MLA Jhina Hikaka from his constituency has hit development work in extremist-hit Narayanpatna block. Most projects that have remained a non-starter are construction of road, water channels, culverts, bridges and school buildings. This includes six road projects under PMGSY.\"Labourers don't come to work. Even local leaders don't support. As a result, around Rs 5 crore, including Rs 3 crore under the MGNREGA, will remain unspent,\" said Ramesh Chandra Sahu, block development officer of Narayanpatna. \"I have appraised panchayat representatives of the problem,\" he added.Admitting that since the MLA's kidnapping, development activities have been completely paralysed in the area, an official on condition of anonymity said, \"People feel that when an MLA is not safe and fears visiting the area, how can they dare to defy the diktat of Maoists.\" Hikaka has been staying in Bhubaneswar under enhanced security cover after his release from Maoist custody earlier this year.Narayanpatna consisting of nine panchayats is a Maoist hot-bed. The block has been in news for the past few years for land grabbing by Chasi Muliya Adivasi Sangh (CMAS), reportedly a Red rebel-backed organization, and regular Maoist offensives. Since 2009, the CMAS has forcibly occupied more than 3,000 acres of non-tribal land in the block citing it to be their own and that the non-tribals had taken it from their forefathers by deceit.\"Influenced by Maoists, locals do not support government works in Narayanpatna. As they have also occupied thousands of acres of non-tribal land in Narayanpatna, they keep themselves busy in farming,\" said an official posted at Narayanpatna.Contacted Hikaka said, \"The situation is such that it is becoming impossible to execute development work.\" However, he brushed aside allegations that his prolonged absence has paralysed government programmes. \"I am in constant touch with my people at Narayanpatna and situation is limping back to normal in at least three panchayats. I am going to visit Narayanpatna soon.\"Sources said though the state government does not admit to the Red presence, Maoist rule the roost in Narayanpatna. Fear prevents contractors from participating in the tender process and even officials are unable to do the work because of non-cooperation of locals. Koraput collector Sachin Jadhav said, \"It's not true that all development activities have been affected. Many projects have been admitted under the Odisha Tribal Employment and Livelihood programme in Narayanpatna.\" \"Civil works has been hampered and we are trying to motivate the villagers through self-help groups to cooperate with the administration to execute the government projects,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15429643", "title": "\u2018Provide CCTV cameras through MLA funds\u2019", "text": "NASHIK: MNS MLA Vasant Gite has proposed that closed circuit television cameras (CCTV) be installed in public places in the city with the help of the development fund at the disposal of MLAs.Keeping the recent blasts in Pune in mind, MLA Vasant Gite said that CCTV cameras be installed in sensitive areas of the city through MLA funds. \"The decision to permit installation of CCTV cameras through MLA funds had been taken at the ministerial level in the legislative council around six months back. I have given a proposal in this regard to the police commissioner on Wednesday,\" said Gite.\"I have asked the police to conduct a survey in the city and identify the sensitive areas or those that are vulnerable to attacks and have asked them to gauge the number of CCTV cameras required for the same. The amount would depend upon the number of cameras to be installed. We have also asked them to maintain the cameras. These cameras should be functioning 24 hours a day and the recording should also be done on a daily basis,\" said Gite.He further said that the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) has also put up a proposal for CCTV cameras. \"But we cannot depend on the NMC for it because it would take some time for approval. So, we decided to do it through the funds of the MLAs. I have proposed that funds from all the MLAs of Nashik be utilized for the same. Funds from all the three MNS MLAs would be utilized. I have already spoken to MLA Hemant Takle and he has agreed to it,\" said the MLA.He said that places like banks, malls, community halls, government offices, important city squares, business houses and various institutions needed CCTVs cameras for security.\"The proposal would take a month to get approved and another month-and-a-half for installation. I have appealed to all the MLAs to make this proposal,\" said Gite.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15427826", "title": "Slim chance of tax evasion in Adarsh scam", "text": "NAGPUR: Although income tax department is also probing the income sources of Adarsh society allottees, the officials here say there is a little chance of building a case of tax evasion against them. The department's Nagpur office is carrying out a scrutiny of returns of 10 persons who have been allotted a flat in the controversial Mumbai building. The cases are distributed between different officers but sources say that prima facie it does not appear to be an instance of tax dodging.Of these, six persons from the city got funds from San Finance Corporation (SFC) that has BJP Rajya Sabha member Ajay Sancheti as a partner along with his uncle Abhay and brother Anand. Even other allottees were doled out incredibly big loans by similar other persons. None of the loans was not backed by any security or elaborate paperwork to ensure repayment.The funds have been provided through banking channels and if the sources are properly explained, the department cannot take any action. There is no violation of income tax laws on lending from legitimate sources, said an official.The allottees from Nagpur are Rajesh Bora, Paramveer Sancheti, Sudhakar Madke, Suresh Atram, J P Sharma, Anil Waghmare, Mukund Mankar and Uttam Ghakare. The first six got loans from SFC. Ghakare was lent money by NKP Salve's daughter Arundhati Upadhyaya who also runs Centre Point group of schools and Mankar got funds through a company Landscapers Realtors Private Ltd (LRPL). This firm in turn got loans from various sources. The department is also verifying the source of income of those who lent LRPL. If the amount does not match the income of any of the persons, it may invite I-T action.However, since the cases are divided between different officers, each one may take a different view. There is a chance that some may include these loans into the taxable income of those having a flat in Adarsh Society. \"Since the very manner in which the loans have been granted arouses suspicion, it can be deemed to be the borrowers' income. But a different interpretation may weaken the case in totality,\" a source said.Lending for Adarsh flats seems to be a case of backdoor entry to buy the flat. Many persons lent by SFC or other firms would have otherwise not been able to get a bank loan. However, this is not a matter for the income tax department to probe, an official said.Cases of two allottees, former collector of Mumbai Idzez Kundan and J M Abhyankar, an employee in the state's education department, are also being probed here. This is because the PAN cards of both of them were issued from Nagpur where they had served tenures. In Abhyankar's case, the department is probing the sudden increase in deposits in his accounts that appear to be more than his known source of income. Kundan got a loan of over Rs 77 lakh from State Bank of India apart from cash gifts from her husband and father-in-law. She brought the flat for Rs 83 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15426317", "title": "Centre empowers states to check clinical trials", "text": "INDORE: The states may now find it difficult passing the buck to the centre citing inability to initiate action in the cases of clinical trials conducted by doctors and clinical research organizations. The ministry of health has drafted a new set of rules enabling the states to take action against such drug efficacy investigators.The move assumes importance as the most of the state governments were reluctant to take action on doctors for conducting drug tests on patients. Central Drugs Standard Control Organization (CDSCO) too was targeted for all the wrong reasons related to clinical trials.In the amendments in Drugs and Cosmetics Rules, the ministry of health and family welfare has empowered state drug standard control authority to verify compliance to the requirements of Schedule Y of the Act, good clinical practices guidelines and other applicable regulation.Under the new norms, both centre and states will have full access to inspecting premises of sponsors and clinical research organizations and to clinical trial sites. The trials-conducting parties will have to allow the designated officers of centre and state drug control authorities to enter with or without prior notice. The officers will be empowered to search and seize any record, data, documents, books, investigational drugs and other materials related to clinical trials. It will also be binding on the organizations to provide adequate replies to queries raised by the inspecting authorities.The amendment is hailed by the state food and drug administration officials. They said, now that the state has been given the powers, it needs to be exercised in its true spirit. M Geeta, commissioner and controller, state F&D; administration department said, \"I am yet to receive communication in this regard. If rules have been framed and responsibility of monitoring clinical trials has been given to the state then they have to be followed.\"When asked about whether the office will initiate action against unruly parties conducting clinical trials in the state, the officer said, \"It is too early to comment. I will see the rulings and will comply.\"Drug-trial death: Kin moves SC CommissionMaking allegations over doctors involved in the drug trials, one Anil Saude has registered a complaint via an NGO, Clinical Trial Victim Association (CTVA), to Scheduled Caste Commission (New Delhi) and other authorities stating that his mother Chandra Kala was subjected to a drug test following which she died. He raised allegations against Dr Anil Bharani for conducting drug test without informing or taking consent of the relatives of the woman who died of the side-effects of the drug.The woman had visited MY Hospital for treatment of heart ailment where she was reportedly administered Tonapofylline drug. She died on June 22, 2009. It was stated in the state assembly as well that the woman died of immediate side-effects of the drug she was given. She was one of the three patients who were enrolled as 'trial subjects'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15429822", "title": "Danam turns goon on Janmashtami", "text": "HYDERABAD: A day before Janmashtami, labour minister Danam Nagender and his aides created ruckus at the Lakshminarasimha temple at NBT Colony on Road No. 12, Banjara Hills and disrupted ongoing preparations for the festivities on Thursday. The minister locked up the gate of the temple premises preventing Hare Krishna Movement (HKM) devotees from entering it and abused police personnel guarding the place. His aides vandalised a sacred Tulasi pot and threw away prasadam. Nearly 4.38 acres of temple land has been given on lease to HKM, an initiative of Iskcon Bangalore, for maintenance and development. Trouble has been brewing between HKM and supporters of the minister in the last few days, but it snowballed into a major row just hours before Janmashtami festivities began. At around 9.30 am, Danam Nagender and his associates entered the premises and threatened people who were erecting a pandal for Janmashtami. The minister and his aides, manhandled an HKM volunteer, Ramakrishna Reddy, intimidated HKM manager Captain KS Rao and even abused Banjara Hills police sub-inspector Ramesh.Based on a complaint by HKM authorities and Banjara Hills subinspector B Ramesh, police have booked a case against Danam Nagender and others under sections 143 (Being member of an unlawful assembly), 353 (Assault or use of criminal force to deter a public servant from discharge of his duty ), 342 (Wrongfully confining any person, 427 (Mischief, and thereby causing damage to the amount Rs 50 or upwards), 504 (Insult intended to provoke breach of peace) and 506 (Criminal intimidation) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15428753", "title": "Bikramjeet Singh bags gold in long jump", "text": "LUDHIANA: Scaling 7.21m on the pit, Bikramjeet Singh won a gold medal in long jump event at the north zone athletic meet held at Meerut, Uttar Pradesh, recently. A trainee of Sport Authority of India (SAI), Ludhiana center, Bikramjeet trains under coach S S Pannu.The 18-year-old athlete hails from Gurdaspur and resides at the SAI hostel in the city. \"I am glad to win this gold as it has qualified me to participate in the inter-zone meet, which will be held shortly,\" says Bikramjeet.His earlier achievements include a silver medal in school nationals and a gold medal in the previous north zone athletic meet. Bikramjeet, who is 5'11\" tall, says he has been practicing long jump since he was a kid.\"My goal is to represent India in long jump at the Olympics and I think I can achieve this if I improve my performance consistently. It is my father's dream too, that I bring laurels to the nation in any sport of my choice,\" he adds.Coach Pannu says winning gold at the north zone athletic meet is a significant achievement for Bikramjeet, who has the potential to scale longer jumps on the pit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15428735", "title": "Statues of martyrs lying neglected", "text": "KANPUR: Ironically, the statues of martyrs and leaders of Independence movement are lying neglected but that of Mayawati got repaired within hours of being vandalized.The city has more than 100 statues placed at different spots, like the crossings and parks. Many are in need of maintenance. But there is no one to pay heed.The statue of Gangu Babaji in Chunniganj is lying in a state of utter neglect. He was a revolutionary. In 1978, the residents and administrative authorities have constructed a little temple in his name at Chunniganj which is now in a bad state.The statue of Saligram Shukla is situated inside DAV College. One pillar is also carved near the college in his name. \"Shaligram Shukla attained martydom near DAV College, Lahore. He and Surendranath Pandey had come to meet Azad and Vaishampayan but he was surrounded by police and shot. His statue has been carved at the college,\" informed Harsh Kumar, a history teacher. Advertisements and posters have now been pasted on it.Many other historical structures are also lying neglected. One of them is 'Payam-e-Azadi' written by Azimullah Khan and carved at Nana Rao Park. This historical structure is surrounded by tall grasses and shrubs and no one can read it.A statue at Nana Rao park cannot be identified. The details written on it have withered. Even the caretakers are not sure about the details. The statue of Bal Gangadhar Tilak at Nanarao park is being used at resting spot by anti-social elements where drink and play cards.Worse is the story of Bharat Mata Pratima at Ghantaghar. People use this place to protests on inflation and other issues but no one pays attention to its condition.\"The police are unable to manage crime while district administration is busy in hiding the loopholes of the government. The municipal corporation cannot manage the civic scenario. Then who is expected to repair these statues,\" said Jyotika, a social activist.Kanpur municipal corporation horticulture officer MP Singh said that the statues could not be repaired due to lack of funds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15429245", "title": "Forest dept may acquire stun guns to subdue straying wild animals", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: It looks more like something that you see in science fiction movies. The United States Marshals Service uses this electroshock weapons in law-enforcement operations. These stun guns may soon become part of Kerala forest department's armoury, and may be used to scare away wild animals that stray into human habitats close to buffer zones along the Western Ghats.Such animal attacks are common in villages close to forest areas in Idukki, Pathanamthitta, Wayanad and Thiruvananthapuram.On firing, the darts carrying electric shock, penetrate the animal's skin disrupting its voluntary control of muscles. The shock will then incapacitate the animal, numbing its nervous system by cutting off the neuro-impluse network to the brain.Forest officials said traditional methods - traps, tranquilizer shots - have not been effective in subduing a violent animal on the prowl.\"We have lost many lives because we could neither shoot down the animal nor save the victim. The stun guns will be used in life-and-death situations where there is hardly any time for response,\" a senior forest official said. He said this device could even be used for overpowering elephants that go on the rampage under 'musth'. \"Usually, it takes hours to calm down such elephants. But one shot from this gun can bring an elephant to its knees, and then mahouts can take over.\"Animal rights activists weren't convinced, however. When this weapon was used on humans, there were many fatalities, they claimed.\"The government shouldn't procure these deadly devices; there are many other scientific options to subdue an animal. Man-animal conflicts have been on the rise because forest cover is rapidly shrinking due to road and building construction in forest areas. We are encroaching on animal-land,\" said Maneka Gandhi , animal right activist and founder-president of People For Animals. According to her, the electroshock stun guns can be fired only at close range and this will cause permanent damage to an animal's brain.\"There has not been any study done on its impact of this weapon on animals. We are not addressing the real problem, but only trying to find short-term solutions that will create more health problems for animals,\" she said.Paramjit Singh, head of Taser International (India), said that 10,000 Taser guns are being used in the USA both by Marshal Services and wildlife officials monitoring safari parks.\"An enquiry conducted by the US justice department found that victims who were high on drugs suffered a cardiac arrest after being shot with it,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15429183", "title": "Man held for trying to poison wife", "text": "MADURAI: A 29-year-old man was arrested by the police in Madurai for allegedly attempting to kill his wife by force-feeding poison to her.Police said that Karthikadevi (25), daughter of Govindan of Paramakudi in Ramanathapuram district was married to Shanmugasundaram (29) residing near the Bypass Road in Madurai, in 2011. Karthikadevi's family had reportedly given a dowry of several sovereigns of gold jewellery, besides cash to the tune of Rs one lakh to Shanmugasundaram during the marriage. But, ever since the marriage, Shanmugasundaram and his family members started demanding more dowry. Karthikadevi's in-laws also allegedly harassed her. The harassment reached its peak after the woman gave birth to a stillborn baby.Unable to bear the harassment, Karthikadevi lodged a complaint with the police in January this year. Subsequently, the police held counselling sessions and asked the couple to live separately rather than with the in-laws.Though Karthikadevi got a relief from the harassment of her in-laws, Shanmugasundaram continued to torture her. On Wednesday night, he allegedly attempted to force-feed her with poison. A panicked Karthikadevi escaped from his clutches and lodged a police complaint, following which Shanmugasundaram was arrested by the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15429433", "title": "Law graduate murder: Neighbour heard calling bell but\u2026", "text": "MUMBAI: The police have arrested watchman Sajjad Pathan in connection with the murder of Pallavi Purkayastha. \"He was upset with Pallavi after she had rebuked him a couple of days ago. He felt humiliated and wanted to take revenge. Finding her alone in the flat, Pathan molested her and also made an attempt to rape her,\" a crime branch officer said on condition of anonymity. Pathan was an employee of Ahmed Hamid Enterprises, a security services firm.Police said the murder was committed around 1.45am after two electricians, who had come to restore power at Pallavi's flat 1601 that had gone off at around 12.30am, left the place.The murder came to light when 26-year-old Avik, working with a financial services firm, returned home from work at around 5.30am and found the door to his flat left open. As he stepped inside, he saw the bloodstains and Pallavi lying in her undergarments .He immediately informed his neighbours and they called the police. \"We came to know about the murder at around 5.45am,\" said Nagesh Jadhav, senior inspector of Wadala police station.Recreating the murder, police said after the power suddenly went off in their flat, Pallavi had called Avik and informed him about it He had asked her to get in touch with the society watch man and take his help to re pair it. Pallavi had called Avik at around 1.20am to in form him about the power supply being restored. Police said that was the last call re corded from Pallavi's mobile phone.But in between, from the blood stains in the lobby and also on the calling bell of their neighbour K T Shah, seems Pallavi had rushed out and tried to seek help. But with no one responding to her calls, she apparently went back to her flat and bled to death.Sources said Shah told the police that he heard someone ringing the calling bell when he was in deep sleep. But when he looked through the peephole, he did not find any one, so he didn't open the door. He also denied that heard any commotion screams from Pallavi and Avik's flat. Police have re corded the statement of Shah and his family.Pallavi and Avik had tak en the flat on rent from Vineet Gupta around eight months ago. Earlier, the police had detained the couple's cook Saeeda and others including Avik. All of them have been given a clean chit. A post-mortem of Pal lavi's body was carried and her parents, who had come down from Delhi have been handed over her body police said.Pathan will be produced before the court on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15427484", "title": "CPM coffers bulge with capitalist cash, reveals data given to EC", "text": "NEW DELHI: Contrary to CPM general secretary Prakash Karat's assertions, the party of the proletariat is in the same bracket as the Congress and the BJP when it comes to accepting corporate funds.Information compiled by Election Commission reveal that CPM has been one of the biggest beneficiaries of corporate donations, next only to Congress, BJP and BSP. In fact, CPM managed to rake in more than the Samajwadi Party (SP) and the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP): two outfits often seen to be sensitive to corporate interests.The data the party shared with the Election Commission shows that it mopped up more than Rs 335 crore between 2007-08 and 2011-12. While the Samajwadi Party made only Rs 200 crore during this period, NCP was far behind at Rs 140 crore.Karat had recently blamed corporate donations to its bourgeois rivals for the loss of CPM's political influence.In these five years, the top grosser was, of course, Congress with Rs 1,662 crore, followed by the BSP (Rs 1,226 crore) and the BJP (Rs 852 crore). The estimate of total income was made using the income tax returns filed by each of these parties and obtained by the Association for Democratic Reforms (ADR), an NGO working for election reforms.An assessment of income of these political outfits shows that CPM has other traits in common with the bourgeois outfits. All of them keep the identity of almost all their donors -- from 90% in some cases to 99% in others -- a secret. In fact, CPM has been among the least transparent on that count, but better than the BSP which has put a lid on all sources of its funds. The list of donors declared by the Left party accounted for only 1% of its total income in at least two years \u2014 2007-08 and 2008-09.As against this, the BJP made public the identity of those who were the source of 20% and 14% of its funds in the two relevant years. Congress was less forthcoming, but with figures of 4% and 6% fared better than the CPM.What is also interesting about the figures, which pertain to the phase when the CPM was in power in West Bengal and Kerala, is that some of the corporate donors to the party have also been contributing to Congress and the BJP.The BSP did not declare the names of any of its donors. It claimed it was not obliged to take names because none of contributions that it received exceeded Rs 20,000- the threshold set by EC for mandatory disclosure of identity of donors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15427425", "title": "Too many petitions, cops have a tough time", "text": "COIMBATORE: Twenty-nine-year-old P Vijayakumar, a native of Thirunelveli, reached Perundurai early Wednesday morning to file a written complaint against Queen Emu Farms which cheated him of Rs 15 lakh. He was in deep distress as he explained his situation to the police. He had paid a huge security deposit in exchange for 10 emu units which he planned to rear, to support a 13-member family. He had to sell gold and pledge his property to make the deposit. Now, he has been left stranded.Despite his repeated requests, police authorities were not ready to accept his petition. We are presently engaged in the difficult task of cracking the Susi Emu scam case. We are struggling to process the 1200 petitions that have been filed pertaining to this case. You will have to wait till we finish work on this,\" a police officer reportedly told him.Vijayakumar was among the 400 cheated investors of Queen Emu Farms, who felt disillusionment on Thursday after police refused to accept their complaints citing technical difficulties. At least 100 investors of Sugi Emu Farms also approached the police on Thursday seeking action against the firm. While junior police officials evaded a direct answer when asked about the issue, district police superintendent was reported to be in Chennai in connection with some high level meetings. West Zone IG T P Sundaramurthy, who on Wednesday encouraged cheated investors to file their complaints, remained unavailable on Thursday.Police are limiting their investigation only to Susi Farms and its MD. There are 28 such firms in Perundurai alone and over 250 across the state. Their modus operandi was the same and the promoters left the scene once police tightened the noose around Susi Farms,'' said S Kumaravel of Dharapuram, who lost Rs six lakh to a similar firm in Perundurai.Meanwhile, cheated investors of different firms are now thronging Perundurai bus stand premises. Many are staying put in the bus stand itself, hoping that the police would crack down on similar firms in the coming days. When contacted, District Collector V K Shamugham said the investigation would be expanded to other firms soon. The issue of rejecting complaints is yet to be brought into my notice. I will consult senior police officials and find a mechanism to process all the complaints. We will ensure justice to all investors within the limits of the law,'' he said.On their part, police have appealed to cheated investors of Susi emu Farms in distant locations to contact the deputy superintendent of police at 09842907677 and inspectors at 9360699000 and 9842405070.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15427784", "title": "CID opposes bail plea of accused", "text": "HYDERABAD: Crime Investigation Department (CID) on Thursday opposed anticipatory bail petitions moved by Ind Bharat Group of Companies chairman K Raghu Rama Krishna Raju, MIC Electronics managing director M V Ramana Rao and telecom department deputy director general, Nanded, K Hanumantha Rao in the call data record (CDR) leak case before the fourth metropolitan sessions court.Additional public prosecutor B Yugender Rao informed the court that all three accused who moved the anticipatory bail petitions were absconding. They colluded in obtaining the CDR of Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) joint director V V Lakshminarayana.'After CBI questioned Raghu Rama Krishna Raju in connection with Emaar scam, he directed his friend Ramana Rao to get him CDR of Lakshminarayana by using his connections in the telecom industry. Subsequently, Ramana Rao obtained the details with the help of Hanumantha Rao. Finally, the CDR details reached Raghu Rama Krishna Raju,'' Yugender Rao informed the sessions judge.Meanwhile, S Shastri, an employee of IND Bharath, moved an anticipatory bail petition fearing arrest by CID though he was not named an accused in the CDR case.However, the respective counsels of the accused refuted the contention of the prosecution and claimed that their clients had no role in the CDR leak case. The court is likely to pronounce its order on August 14. Similarly, the order in the anticipatory bail moved earlier by suspended Nacharam inspector M Srinivas Rao is likely to be delivered on August 13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15426110", "title": "Students livid over steep hike in M Phil fee", "text": "BHOPAL: Sharp hike in M Phil course by Barkatullah University-up from Rs 1,500 to Rs 30,000- has come as a bolt from the blue for students. Many are now weighing their options before taking entrance test. Both students and are seeing red over the abnormal high fee.\"It is just not acceptable. I have never seen this big a hike in my career of the past 20 years,\" said Prof HS Yadav, president, Barkatullah University Teachers' Association (BUTA). Such hike would discourage students from pursuing the course, he said.\"Why would a student come for M Phil course in BU can pursue the same course from other universities by paying far less fee,\" Yadav said.Before the increase, the fee was Rs 1,500 for boys and Rs 1,100 for a girl student. \"Now, they have hiked up to 20 times which is nothing, but avoidable burden,\" Yadav claimed.Expressing their anger, students said university should have hiked the fee in a gradual manner. \"It is sharp and sudden. If the authorities had hiked it in a gradual manner, it would have not affected the students,\" said Neha Verma, another student. Such hike would discourage students from pursuing the course.Another student said such hike would force them many times before pursuing it from this university. \"I was planning to join BU. After the hike, I have decided to go to Uttar Pradesh for M Phil,\" said Anand Sareen, a student.When contacted, university authorities defended their decision. \"The university increased the fee on the recommendation of a committee. The increase in fee is on par with other universities,\" said a university official, on the condition of anonymity. For science discipline, the hike in the fees became necessary owing to practical examination. \"With Rs 1,500 fee, it was not possible to continue the M Phil course,\" official added.There are around 250 M Phil seats in the BU for some 15 subjects. The university recently made entrance test mandatory for both M Phil and PhD. The first test will be organised on September 22.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15429470", "title": "Condition of two injured in Wisconsin gurdwara shootout improves", "text": "WASHINGTON: Lt. Brian Murphy, the police officer who took nine bullets during the Wisconsin Gurdwara shootout, and one more person injured in the incident have shown signs of improvement.A city hospital in Oak Creek has upgraded their condition, while one more person remained critical.\"Lt. Brian Murphy, the Oak Creek police officer who was shot in Sunday's shooting at a Sikh temple, is progressing well and his condition has been upgraded to satisfactory,\" the Froedtert Hospital said on Thursday in a media bulletin.Santokh Singh's condition has been upgraded to serious from critical, while that of Punjab Singh, the third patient, remains in critical condition.Six Sikh worshippers were shot dead and several others injured when a lone gunman, Wade Michael Page, went on a shooting spree inside a Oak Creek Gurudwara on Sunday.Page also died in the incident due to self-inflicted injuries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15431304", "title": "Salman Khan 'Being Tiger' now!", "text": "That he supports an NGO by the name 'Being Human' is well known. However, at a promotional event for his upcoming Eid release Ek Tha Tiger yesterday, Salman Khan was spotted sporting a tee that read 'Being Tiger' instead.An eyewitness told TOI, \"The T-shirt he wore was personalised for him. He thought it would add more impact during the promotions of his film. However, later, Salman loved the quote so much that he decided this will be added to the latest collection of the 'Be ing Human' merchandise.\" All the excitement notwithstanding, one can't help but notice that the star looks very tired in the photograph. Sources close to the actor say he has been very busy with various shows and events promoting Ek Tha Tiger that the weariness is now showing. Obviously, Salman has too much on his plate and his health issues aren't making it any easier for the actor. We do hope the pressure of 'Being Tiger' doesn't get in the way of Salman's remaining human.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15427181", "title": "BMC to probe licence transfer fraud", "text": "MUMBAI: The civic body has initiated a vigilance inquiry on the licence department of the H (W) ward (which includes Bandra, Khar and Santa Cruz) for allegedly using fraudulent methods to transfer a licence to more than one hawker on Linking Road in Khar (W).A delegation led by Aftab Siddique, chairperson, 33rd Road ALM in Khar (W) and residents from H (W) and K (W) wards (the latter including Andheri-W and Oshiwara), met municipal commissioner Sitaram Kunte on Thursday, over the illegalities by the unauthorized vendors. Based on a complaint filed by Siddique, a test audit vigilance officer inquiry is being conducted by the BMC on licence department officials, including clerks and peons in H (W) ward, for allegedly transferring licences to illegal hawkers without any scrutiny.Siddique's complaint said the same licence was issued to two people bearing different names. As per a circular issued by the BMC, according to a Supreme Court order, no applications for licences received after February 12, 2007, can be considered for transfer. But licences 1048 and 1882 have changed hands thrice till 2010 and the hawkers continue to operate till date.\"Two hawkers have the same licence number. Nearly 25 licences have changed hands similarly. We have got documents that point to fraudulent methods used by encroachers in connivance with civic officials to transfer licences. We have learned that in two years, three hawkers have used the same licence. We have submitted voice clips of officials, clerks and peons seeking bribes to allow the transfer of licences,\" said Siddique.Rajendra Bhosale, deputy municipal commissioner (specials), said, \"We have initiated a vigilance inquiry on the licence department. We are checking if licences have been transferred to the right person.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "15429405", "title": "Meghalaya chief minister focus on north-east influx", "text": "ITANAGAR: Meghalaya chief minister Mukul Sangma expressed concern over the unabated influx of illegal migrants into the northeast region and asked New Delhi to take corrective measures before the situation goes out of hand.\"The northeastern states, which share international borders with many countries, are vulnerable to influx due to lack of proper monitoring and need to be guarded as much as Jammu &amp; Kashmir in north India,\" Sangma said, while participating in the fourth edition of North East Cultural Festival, which kickstarted at Naharlagun near here on Wednesday.Terming the influx problem as one of the core issues confronting all the northeastern states, the chief minister stressed on the need to address it through involvement of all stakeholders, including various indigenous institutions of the region.He said often citizens of neighbouring countries make desperate infiltration attempts from the other side of the border because the northeast is a better place for income generation with a peaceful environment to live in compared to their own countries.\"Today, Tripura and Assam are the worst sufferers and the problem may crop up in other states of the region in the near future if corrective measures are not taken immediately,\" Sangma pointed out.The northeastern state governments should evolve a common strategy with a regional approach in order to start official border trade with neighbouring countries at the earliest for the mutual economic benefit of the entire region and other neighbouring countries, Sangma suggested.\"Such a step will help minimise foreign nationals' tendency of migrate to the northeast from other sides of the border,\" he said and added that there was a need to get the complete support of non-indigenous communities to discourage influx into the region.\"We must integrate ourselves for our socio-economic development and must workout for a NE-specific policy on illegal migrants so that the rights of the indigenous population are protected,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15426857", "title": "BMC effects a much-awaitedsplit of its roads department", "text": "MUMBAI: To ease its roads department's burden, the BMC has decided to split it into two: roads &amp; traffic, and bridges. Municipal commissioner Sitaram Kunte has instructed officials to prepare a proposal, which will be presented before the civic house for sanction. The decision will change for the better the way the city's bridges are handled.The Standing Technical Advisory Committee, or STAC, had been pushing for the decision since 2004, sending repeated reminders to the BMC. Additional municipal commissioner Aseem Gupta told TOI, \"We are keen to create a bridges department with a dedicated chief engineer. We will present the proposal the civic chief has asked for on Monday.\"At present, the bridges section faces neglect since all attention of the department is on the roads section. Despite growing pressure on the department for a split, the BMC was sitting on the STAC's recommendation because of what it called \"problems of logistics\". \"This decision will increase the efficiency of the sections. The structure of the new bridges department will be similar to that of the roads department. It will have a dedicated chief engineer, with the existing bridges staff reporting to him or her,\" said a senior roads department official.While welcoming the move, STAC members maintained that several other steps were necessary.In its recommendations, the advisory body asked for the creation of a planning cell and the setting up of committees to look into aspects like scrutiny.While the planning cell will oversee the demand of new bridges, the other committees will check design and conduct feasibility studies. \"After the creation of the department, it should plan repairs, inspect existing bridges and plan new ones, rather than acting only after bridge collapses,\" said STAC chairman N V Merani.According to civic officials, increased activities relating to the bridges in the last few years have provoked the administration to take this decision. 'There was a time when the department did not know how many bridges were under them. Several old bridges were collapsing as they were not being maintained. Bridge collapse investigations have also been inadequate,\" said a STAC member. Corporators, too, have welcomed the well-intentioned idea. Rais Shaikh, group leader of Samajwadi Party and standing committee member, said, \"I welcome the move as it is essential that the civic body takes full charge of the city's infrastructure and put to an end the multi-agency tussle.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15428268", "title": "Go see the pandas at Lalbagh", "text": "BANGALORE: Red pandas made of around 30,000 carnations, a floral tree house with over 60,000 alstromeria lilies and bigger and better floral dinosaurs are just some eye-catching floral art at the Independence Day flower show which bloomed on Thursday at Lalbagh.There was good response on Day 1 of the week-long show with 681 floral exhibits with 6,000 visitors making a beeline to catch a glimpse of the flowers. The cynosure of all eyes was the floral hut at the famed Glass House. This year, 764 participants are vying for honours in the garden competition and 417 entrants in ikebana, Indian floral art and vegetable carving competitions.Over 20,000 visitors are expected over the weekend. \"We'll increase the number of security personnel to ensure safety of visitors,\" said Shiv Kumar, joint director, horticulture department.The entry fee is Rs 30 on weekdays and Rs 40 on Saturday, Sunday and Independence Day. The horticulture department also increased parking space for vehicles.Show from 9am till 6pm, till August 15", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15428919", "title": "Govt to probe recruitment of health workers in Pune division", "text": "PUNE: The directorate of state health services has ordered an inquiry into the recruitment of health workers in Pune division following complaints that some selected candidates had filed bogus experience certificates while applying for jobs.\"It is learnt that some selected candidates filed bogus experience certificates at the time of filing job applications. Hence, we are going to scrutinize and cross-verify documents of all those who were recruited to the posts of health workers in Pune division a few days ago,\" R B Nigade, assistant director, state health services, Pune division, told TOI on Wednesday.Five days ago, a written order for the probe from the director of state health services was received by the assistant director's Pune division office at State Family Welfare Bureau.\"The probe has been ordered as the director's office received complaints,\" said Nigade who has been entrusted the task of initiating the probe.On December 29, 2011, the state health services published an advertisement in newspapers for recruitment of health workers across all divisions of the health department.In Pune division, which includes Pune, Solapur and Satara districts, there were 235 vacant posts of health workers. Of this, 50% posts were meant only for candidates who passed matriculation and had 90 days field work experience as contractual worker in carrying out anti-malaria measures, including spraying insecticide, anti-larvae measures, etc, duly certified by the respective district malaria officer.\"We have information that some candidates had procured bogus experience certificates either by bribing DMOs of their respective districts or by printing fake certificates,\" Nigade said, adding, \"As part of our investigations, we will first take up the scrutiny of experience certificate. We will have to check where these people had worked, their attendance log during that period, the salaries they had drawn and cash-books where the expenses were noted down.\"Despite repeated attempts, Archana Patil, director, state health services could not be contacted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15426862", "title": "Yamuna Expressway Industrial Development Authority township chosen for new substation", "text": "NOIDA: After speculating over the location of the proposed 765KV power substation, the state government has zeroed down upon the Yamuna Expressway Industrial Development Authority (YEIDA) township for the project. Land for the substation, which was earlier proposed to be built in Greater Noida, has been identified in Sector 9 of YEIDA township after several rounds of deliberations between Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL) and the state government. The substation with 3,000MVA transformer capacity would be a gas-insulated system built over 30 hectares.On Wednesday, Uttar Pradesh Power Transmission Corporation (UP Transco) officials conducted a field visit for a feasibility study of the project. UPPCL informed that the site has been chosen from amongst four locations suggested by YEIDA for building the substation. \"The three other locations were not feasible because of their proximity to the floodplains of Yamuna,\" said superintending engineer of UPPCL, CL Gupta.The UP Transco team, during their visit, assessed different parameters including depth of the land and options available for building transmission corridors, apart from other technical parameters. A report would be submitted within a week following which the procedure for land transfer from the Authority would commence.The substation, which will be constructed by Western UP Power Transmission Corporation Limited, would take around two years to complete. \"The total cost of the project would be worked out after the technical feasibility study report is presented,\" said Gupta.At present, distribution companies of Noida and Greater Noida draw power from the 400KV substation in Pali which has a maximum capacity of 945 MVA. On the other hand, the average cumulative daily power requirement of the cities exceeds 1,000 MVA.\"This puts great stress on the Pali substation and is responsible for frequent breakdowns and outages. Transformer capacity of 3,000MVA which would be available at the new substation would be enough to suffice the power needs of Noida, Greater Noida and Yamuna township for the next 10 years,\" said Gupta.The 765KV substation would draw power through four main transmission lines. Two of these lines would draw power from the national grid of Power Grid Corporation of India Limited (PGCIL) running adjacent to Gautam Budh Nagar. \"The two remaining lines would fetch power from Mainpuri and Hapur in Uttar Pradesh,\" said Gupta.The 765KV substation would be integrated to a network of transmission lines connected with smaller capacity substations further down the line in Noida and Greater Noida. Work on supporting transmission infrastructure for the 765KV substation is already underway by way of two new 400KV substations in Sectors 123 and 148 of Noida.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15427974", "title": "Expert moots new way to select SC judges", "text": "KOCHI: American legal scholar and Stanford University professor in international relations Armin Rosencranz has said that it is high time that India changes the way it appoints its judges for the Supreme Court.Drawing examples from other common law countries, where laws are developed by the judges through their decisions, he said, \"India is the only country among such nations where the Supreme Court judges suggest the names of their own successors.\" Other countries among the common law nations include the US, the UK, Australia and New Zealand.In town as the Erudite scholar with National University of Advanced Legal Studies, he said the existing system of appointment contradicts the democratic principles that the Indian constitution stands for. \"Instead you need a blue ribbon panel comprising people with exemplary reputation in public life and a list of names should be suggested to the President,\" he said.An expert in environmental law and policy, he lauded the 'Supreme Court's activism' in its rulings to save the country's green cover. \"SC activism has saved forests from complete destruction and has cut down pollution in Delhi. But the court will not be able to do it all the time. It has to ensure that government agencies implement the rulings under its directives,\" he said.Rosencranz, who is the Fulbright professor to India and teaches environmental law at the National Law School of India University, Bangalore, also detailed how environment has been taking a beating in the name of development. He said some judgments in favour of the mining industry, coal industry and coastal regulation zone violations indicate the liberalism in the judiciary, which does not bode well for the country.\"We will need to strictly bring in rules on sustainable solutions and clean energy as a way to cut down greenhouse emissions. The courts can play a strong role in getting the legislature and executive to implement them,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15427656", "title": "Fresh chargesheet filed in Samjhauta Express blast case", "text": "NEW DELHI: The National Investigation Agency (NIA) on Thursday filed a supplementary chargesheet in the 2007 Samjhauta Express blast case in a Panchkula, Haryana, court. The chargesheet, second in the case, was filed against former RSS activist Kamal Chauhan and Amit Chauhan alias Amit Totala and for the first time mentions Lokesh Sharma and Samunder alias Rajender Chaudhary as bomb planters along with Kamal and Amit.Sharma, who was arrested in 2010, is mentioned only as a conspirator in the previous charge-sheet in the case that was filed in June 2011 against him, Naba Kumar Sarkar alias Aseemanand, Ramji Kalsangra, Sandeep Dange and Sunil Joshi. While Joshi is dead, Dange, Kalsangra, Amit and Samunder are absconding.The chargesheet, however, makes no mention of RSS leader Indresh Kumar whose name had earlier come up as an alleged conspirator in various cases, including Samjhauta blast, of Hindu terror. NIA sources said the agency has not found any evidence against Indresh.\"The chargesheet is against Kamal and Amit. They are merely foot soldiers who have no knowledge of the key people behind the larger conspiracy. Ramji Kalsangra and Dange would be able to throw more light on that as and when they are caught,\" an NIA official said.On February 18, 2007, a series of blasts ripped through Samjhauta Express near Panipat, Haryana, leading to the death of 68 people, most of them Pakistani nationals.The chargesheet said the accused used pipe bombs along with fuel oil bottles to turn the explosive into an incendiary device that led to fire in the train causing maximum damage.According to the chargesheet, the conspiracy was hatched in 2005 in Madhya Pradesh. In December 2006, Lokesh Sharma sent Kamal and Samunder to Delhi to carry out a reconnaissance of possible targets. While the duo first wanted to bomb crowded lanes around Jama Masjid, the plan was abandoned due to tight security. Samjhauta Express was then selected as it was easy to enter Old Delhi railway station with a bomb and plant it in a train without arousing suspicion.Following this, on February 17, the duo came to Indore and was given two suitcases with assembled bombs by Kalsangra the next day. The same day, they took a train to Delhi along with Lokesh Sharma and Amit Chauhan. Upon reaching Delhi, they stayed in different guest houses and roamed around areas such as Lal Qila and Chandni Chowk until it was time for the train.They planted the bombs in the train and left for Indore via Jaipur. Only two of the bombs exploded. Once in Indore, they were questioned and reprimanded by Dange for the failure of the two other bombs.Investigations also revealed, the chargesheet said, that all of them had undertaken training in handling of weapons and explosives in 2006 in a jungle near Bagli, Dewas district, Madhya Pradesh.On motive, the chargesheet said Aseemanand was quite upset with the jihadi/terrorist attacks on temples - Akshardham (Gujarat), Raghunath Mandir (Jammu) and Sankat Mochan Mandir (Varanasi). He used to \"give vent\" to his feelings while discussing with Sunil Joshi and his associates. Over a period of time, they developed deep animosity against not only the jihadis but also the entire minority community. As a result, Aseemanand propounded a \"bomb ka badla bomb\" theory. Samjhauta was chosen as most passengers who travel in it are Pakistani citizens.According to the chargesheet, Aseemanand not only provided financial and logistical support to the terror group but also played a vital role in instigating and motivating his associates to undertake this terrorist act. Dange, Kalsangra and Lokesh Sharma, apart from others under the leadership of Sunil Joshi, were instrumental in not only procuring the raw materials for the Improvised Explosive Devices (IED) but also getting these fabricated and planted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15427433", "title": "Hundreds of illegal structures vanish from corporation radar", "text": "COIMBATORE: If city corporation officials are to be believed, a majority of the illegal buildings and structures in the city have done a vanishing act in the past one year. The outcome is that the long-winding list of illegal structures compiled by the civic body last year has shrunk drastically. Now, less than 60 structures in the city appear to have been erected in violation of building norms and regulations.When the city corporation launched a lock-and-seal operation just ahead of the assembly election last year, more than 1,000 buildings with violations were identified and notices were issued to more than 600 such structures. But corporation officials now have restricted their focus to just 57 buildings, which are likely to be served notice. \"We have compiled a list of buildings in our limits erected in violation of government-approved norms. There are about 57 such structures in the corporation limits,\" said TK Ponnusamy, commissioner, Coimbatore Municipal Corporation.The corporation officials claimed that they were focussing on buildings with gross violations and also those that are not leaving adequate parking space forcing people to occupy space on the public roads outside these buildings. The city traffic police have also planned to take up the issue of lack of parking space inside commercial buildings.\"Our main priority are illegal commercial structures and that too the recent ones that have been either completed or in various stages of construction turning a blind eye to the construction,\" said a senior official in the town planning wing of the corporation.The 'new list' of illegal buildings compiled by the corporation includes a few multi-storied structures on Dr Nanjappa Road and R S Puram labelled as 'gross violations'. The last time the civic body initiated action against illegal structures in its limits was in the first three weeks of April, 2011. More than a 1,000 buildings were blacklisted and notices issued to about 600 of them. Many of these were on Cross Cut Road, Big Bazaar Street, Oppanakara Street and other areas in the city. Water supply was also disconnected to some of these structures.The corporation has powers to give sanction for commercial buildings less than 2,000 square feet area with ground plus one floor and residential structures with coverage up to 4,000 square feet. Any structure, both commercial and residential exceeding these limits, is approved from the Local Planning Authority. However, when it comes to acting against violations, the city corporation has enforcement powers.The corporation officials also claimed that the action against the structures will be taken only after consulting with the Local Planning Authority. Chennai Municipal corporation's attempts to take stern action against illegal structures in the recent times have ended in a legal battle, with many building owners approaching the courts for reprieve. \"The government is likely to issue an order to regularise buildings constructed before 2007, after August 15,\" a corporation official claimed.Coimbatore corporation is also facing a staff crunch in the town planning wing and the often deputes its sanitary and conservation workers to carry out action against illegal buildings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15429722", "title": "Shiv Sena to file PIL in HC", "text": "NASHIK: The Shiv Sena on Thursday said it would file a public interest litigation (PIL) appealing to the HC that the 23 reserved plots of land that were in the last stage of getting dereserved, be reserved for public utility.On Thursday, Shiv Sena corporators Ajay Boraste, Shivaji Sahane and Sudhakar Badgujar, said 23 plots of land worth around Rs 700 crore were not acquired by the NMC since 1993. As a result these lands are in the final stages of getting dereserved. Blaming both the NMC and the land acquisition department at the district collector's office for the likely dereservation, they said the Shiv Sena will file a PIL.\"We will ask the mayor what his stand on the issue is. But we will also file the PIL very soon. It is the SC's order that lands reserved for gardens, libraries, hospitals and playgrounds should not be dereserved. We will file the PIL in this backdrop,\" said Sahane.Ajay Boraste said six employees need to be deployed for taking the measurement of the land to be acquired but the NMC has not appointed them and that a 74-year-old man is doing it on an honorary basis. Sudhakar Badgujar said all the plans were being made in an office in Dadasaheb Gaikwad Sabhagruha while the NMC had a big hall for the purpose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "15427845", "title": "Cops find Rs 93L in cash, gold in Fiza's house", "text": "MOHALI: The police investigating the death of Anuradha Bali aka Fiza Mohammed on Thursday found around Rs 92.86 lakh in cash and 1.50 kg gold ornaments from her house here. The money, jewelry and CDs were recovered in presence of Fiza's family members including her two sisters and a sub-magistrate.\"The cash was counted by members of the police team and there are chances that more valuables may be recovered. The seized valuables would be deposited in the area police station and handed over to family members after legal formalities,\" said the Mohali SSP Gurpreet Singh Bhullar.Police also found seven CDs, which they said could be important for investigating the cause of Fiza's death. All valuables including CDs were kept in lockers of two iron almirahs in a first floor room of her three-storey house. One almirah was opened with its key, but another had to be broken open by labourers hired by the police.Police said they have learnt Fiza had seven lockers and two bank accounts including one containing only Rs 14,000. The search started around 10am on Thursday and was on until the filing of this report.Fiza had eloped with former Haryana deputy chief minister Chandermohan Bishnoi in 2008 and got married in Meerut only to separate within months, with Fiza claiming he had divorced her by uttering talaq thrice. Fiza was assistant advocate general with Haryana government until 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15427983", "title": "Govt acts to end water woes of southwest Kochi", "text": "KOCHI: The government has approved the tender for extending Hudco drinking water project to south-western parts of Kochi.The project was in the cold storage since 2006 as governments kept rejecting tenders citing excess rate.Once the project becomes a reality, areas in this region including Palluruthy, which faces acute water shortage even during monsoon, will get an additional water supply of five million litres per day (MLD).Though the water authority (KWA) had invited tenders for laying pipes along the 766-metre stretch covering Karanakkodam Junction to Chemmath area thrice, the government had quashed all of them. In 2010, contractors quoted 36% above the estimated cost of Rs 2.31 crore, which the government has now approved after realizing that there is little chance of anyone quoting less. The KWA had recommended approving these rates saying that the project, which is to cater to drinking water requirements of an entire region, couldn't be delayed inordinately, sources in the government said.According to KWA officials, the project can be implemented without much delay as there is no need for acquiring land. \"The excess land of the railways can be utilized for the project. So, we don't expect any delay,\" said KWA executive engineer Varghese Samuel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15428604", "title": "Dead Ganga channel gets live, threat to Barh", "text": "PATNA: A dead channel of the Ganga, called 'Chharan' in local parlance, has become live this flood season, and has been causing erosion along the northern edge of Barh town, located on NH-30 and near the upcoming mega thermal power plant of NTPC.While the erosion started around 10 days ago, engineers of the water resources department (WRD) took to protecting human settlements lying along the edge of the 'Chharan' and have by now controlled the situation.\"The erosion was not fast and menacing. It was very slow, but panic gripped the people settled along the edge of the dead channel,\" said Devendra Jha, chairman of Flood Fighting Force (FFF) of the WRD.Jha, who returned here after supervising the anti-erosion work going on there, said no damage had been caused to life and property. \"The anti-erosion work there would give only temporary relief to the people of Barh who are in the harm's way of the now active channel,\" Jha said.\"But it certainly requires permanent remedy. It should come in course of the preparation of schemes for flood-fighting and anti-erosion work to be taken up next year,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "15429300", "title": "Bo wife doesn\u2019t deny murder charges, may escape noose", "text": "BEIJING: Ousted Communist Party leader Bo Xilai's wife, Gu Kailai, did not contest murder charges against her as she went on trial for allegedly murdering a British businessman, at a court in Hefei city of China's Anhui province on Thursday. The trail lasted just eight hours.The court is expected to pronounce its verdict shortly although no specific date was announced. Two government-appointed lawyers represented Gu in the trail that has rocked China's ruling party. The government lawyers also defended Zhang Xiaojun, Gu's alleged associate in the murder.Court official Tang Yigan told journalists that Gu's lawyers did not challenge the prosecutor's claim that she had poisoned British businessman Neil Heywood to death. Her lawyers requested the court to consider Gu's cooperation with investigators as she had \"made significant contributions by reporting offences by other people\" .The plea suggests that a possible verdict may have been worked out beforehand and Gu might escape execution . China observers suspect that the information she has provided investigators with would be used against Bo and would result in criminal charges against him.Two British diplomats were allowed to attend the closed-door trail to show China's determination to punish the culprits behind the murder . The British government is believed to have indirectly helped the Chinese authorities to tackle its internal political problems by insisting justice in the case.The official Xinhua news agency broke its silence on the case and quoted prosecutors to report that Gu \"put the poison she had prepared, and which Zhang had brought along to the hotel room, into Heywood's mouth, which led to Heywood's death\" . It reported the prosecutors said the facts of the \"two defendants poisoning the victim to death are clear and the evidence is substantial''. They added that their behaviour violated Article 232 of the Criminal Law of the People's Republic of China and therefore the defendants should be held criminally responsible for intentional homicide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "15427177", "title": "Gopal Kanda supporters force shutdown in Sirsa", "text": "SIRSA: A day after Delhi Police raided the Rania Road residence of absconding MLA Gopal Goyal Kanda here, hundreds of his supporters called for a shutdown in the city on Thursday, claiming that Kanda had been framed in the Geetika Sharma suicide case. Kanda is an MLA from Sirsa constituency.Shouting anti-Delhi Police slogans, the protesters first gathered at Parshuram Chowk near the former minister's camp office. By 11am, the crowd had started asking shopkeepers to down shutters in the main markets of the town.Later, they marched towards the office of deputy commissioner J Ganesan and handed him a memorandum demanding a fair inquiry into the case from the President.On Wednesday night, a six-member team of Delhi Police had visited Sirsa and raided Kanda's palatial house and his MDK International School. Geetika Sharma was a trustee of this school.Shopkeepers of Hisariya Bazaar, Rori Bazar, Suratgariya Bazaar and Sadar Bazaar fully supported the bandh call, said Krishan Saini, former chairman of Sirsa Market Committee.However, a rival group \u2014 Indian National Student Organization (INSO) \u2014 burnt Kanda's effigy inside the Government National College here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "los angeles", "code": "15432761", "title": "Scientist discovers plate tectonics on Mars", "text": "LOS ANGELES: The phenomenon of plate tectonics, previously thought to exist only on Earth also occurs beneath the surface of Mars, a scientist has claimed.A researcher from the University of California - Los Angeles found that the geological phenomenon, which involves the movement of huge crustal plates beneath a planet's surface, also exists on the red planet.\"Mars is at a primitive stage of plate tectonics. It gives us a glimpse of how the early Earth may have looked and may help us understand how plate tectonics began on Earth,\" said An Yin, a UCLA professor of Earth and space sciences.Yin made the discovery during his analysis of satellite images from a NASA spacecraft known as THEMIS (Time History of Events and Macroscale Interactions during Substorms) and from the HIRISE (High Resolution Imaging Science Experiment) camera on NASA's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter.He analysed about 100 satellite images -- approximately a dozen were revealing of plate tectonics.Yin has conducted geologic research in the Himalayas and Tibet , where two of the Earth's seven major plates divide.\"When I studied the satellite images from Mars, many of the features looked very much like fault systems I have seen in the Himalayas and Tibet, and in California as well, including the geomorphology,\" Yin said in a statement.Mars has a linear volcanic zone, which Yin said is a typical product of plate tectonics.\"You don't see these features anywhere else on other planets in our solar system, other than Earth and Mars,\" said Yin.The study was published in the journal Lithosphere. The surface of Mars contains the longest and deepest system of canyons in our solar system, known as Valles Marineris. Scientists have wondered for four decades how it was formed.\"I saw that the idea that it is just a big crack that opened up is incorrect. It is really a plate boundary, with horizontal motion. That is kind of shocking, but the evidence is quite clear,\" Yin added.\"The shell is broken and is moving horizontally over a long distance. It is very similar to the Earth's Dead Sea fault system, which has also opened up and is moving horizontally,\" Yin said.\"I don't quite understand why the plates are moving with such a large magnitude or what the rate of movement is; maybe Mars has a different form of plate tectonics. The rate is much slower than on Earth,\" Yin added.The Earth has a broken shell with seven major plates; pieces of the shell move, and one plate may move over another. Yin is doubtful that Mars has more than two plates.\"We have been able to identify only the two plates,\" he said. \"For the other areas on Mars, I think the chances are very, very small. I don't see any other major crack,\" Yin added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15427529", "title": "Innovation mantra from business guru", "text": "KOLKATA: At a time when big corporate houses are turning to various cost-cutting methods to sustain in the current economic scenario in the country, Tata Sons - the holding company of Tata Group- feels innovation is the key to success.While speaking at the C K Prahalad Memorial Lecture 2012, organized by Aspen Institute of India, R Gopalakrishnan, director, Tata Sons, said that the reason his firm has managed to be on top of its game is largely because of the importance attached to innovation. due to the huge ability of innovation.\"We at Tata group give utmost importance to innovation. While most other large companies of the country tell their employees what to do and chart out certain rules, we at Tata group do totally the opposite of this. We tell them what are the things to be done that should not be done and the rest is left to them, which gives birth to innovation,\" he said. Gopalakrishnan further enlightened the august gathering at the event by explaining how his company manages to connect with all the other group companies.\"People often ask me how do we manage to keep focus on each of our companies. Well, the basic idea is that all the companies are not being monitored looked from the top. But the structure is based on the idea of a tree. And we try to provide nourishment to all the branches from the roots which eventually leads to better results from all the group companiesfrom the roots we try to provide the nourishment to all the branches, which eventually leads to better results from all the group companies,\" he added.Sanjiv Goenka, chairman of the RP-Sanjiv Goenka Group, also addressed the gathering.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15427603", "title": "DPS New Town hosts table tennis tournament", "text": "KOLKATA: The Inter-DPS Table Tennis Tournament Boys (Open) organized by DPS New Town recently brought together students from Delhi Public Schools across the country and Nepal. The event was inaugurated by the Table Tennis duo from Bengal Poulomi Ghatak and Soumyadeep Roy. The tournament included three groups' boy's singles and team championships singles and doubles.As the tournament progressed, the top slot was bagged taken by the small wonder Ayush Tayel from DPS Sonepat. He ranks No. 5 at the national sub-junior level. The tournament was commanded by him throughout.The team championship Singles was won by DPS Sonepat's Ayush Tayel who beat DPS Edelco's K Singh Bist 11-7, 11-5, 11-5. DPS Sonepat also clinched the doubles title beating DPS Edelco 11-5, 11-6, 11-6. The singles match was a fight between two of the best players from DPS Sonepat - Ayush Tayel and Parash Madan. It was Ayush Tayel the India ranked No. 5 in sub junior level who superseded Paras Madan by 3-0 in a score 11-6,11-9,11-9.The champion school was DPS Sonepat, while DPS Edelco was the first runners up. DPS RK Puram was declared the second runners up.In the individual awards, Karan Rai of DPS Biratnagar in Nepal, was the second runners up; Paras Madan of DPS Sonepat received the first runners up award while Ayush Tayel bagged the champion's trophy and was also adjudged the player of the tournament. The principal of DPS New Town, Sonali Sen, said that the meet will be the beginning of a very long and lasting friendship amongst the DPS family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15428247", "title": "10-day Clean Gomti campaign concludes", "text": "LUCKNOW: The 10-day campaign for 'Clean Gomti say no to polythene' concluded on Thursday at the Malviya Hall of Lucknow university.Teachers, students, engineers, doctors, religious leaders participated in the programme in the mission mode to clean the river banks.The 10-day programme organised by Anil Singh, convener of Lok Adhikar Manch, was aimed at sensitising the young and old alike about the pitiable condition of the river.It also aimed to put pressure on the local administration to have a concrete plan in place to regularly clean the river, which include enhancement of sewage treatment plant, de-silting of the river through dredging and stop the waste from the city from draining into the river.Ambika Chaudhary, revenue minister and Dinesh Sharma, mayor were present on the concluding day along with other dignitaries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15419508", "title": "Janmastami fair declared tobacco-free", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The fair and festivities of Janmastami is all set to bring a new color among the people of Rajkot. The five day Jamnastami fair has been declared tobacco-free. Thousands of people attending the Mela are here in Saurashtra region and especially Rajkot are breathing air free of smoke and the youth volunteers dressed in Krishna avatars are motivating them to quit the tobacco habit distributing leaflets and other awareness materials.Rajkot and Saurashtra has the highest gutka consumption in the state. Every second person is found to be chewing tobacco or gutka, said District administration. As per the Global Adult Tobacco Survey, 2009-10 India Report, 29.4 % adults in Gujarat use tobacco in one form or the other. Smokeless tobacco use is more prevalent in the state with 18.4 % of the adult population using smokeless tobacco products while 7.8% use smoking forms. About 46.2% males and 11.3% females are current tobacco users. As per the Global Youth Tobacco Survey -2009, 14.6% of the youth are using tobacco in any form, in India.According to Deputy Collector G.M. Dixit \"The administration of Rajkot has been implementing the tobacco control law (COTPA) with full spirit. With hundreds of thousands of people gathering for Vivekanand Janam Jayanti Lok Mela (Janmastami ) fair in Rajkot, we have decided to make the fair tobacco-free as no shops will be allowed selling any tobacco product at the place (Race course Maidan) during the five days celebration. This will be a step towards becoming the district of Rajkot tobacoo-free.There will be no smoking inside the Mela ground and selling of tobacco products to and by minors will strictly be prohibited. There will be strict monitoring of the implementation and those violating the law will be penalized. We want to give our people the gift of good and divine health to commemorate Janmastami this year.\"The Government of Gujarat, in association with Public Health Foundation of India, Indian Institute of Public Health -Gandhinagar and district level NGOs have been implementing project STEPS in Gujarat. STEPS aims to contribute to reducing the health and economic burden of tobacco use in India, by piloting multi-level community-based, health systems and policy level and youth interventions. In Gujarat, STEPS is being implemented in Anand, Banaskantha, Khera, Rajkot, Surat and Tapi districts which intend to serve as champions for the scale-up and strengthening of the National Tobacco Control Program (NTCP).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15429726", "title": "Prithviraj Nagar residential scheme back in court again", "text": "JAIPUR: The Prithviraj Nagar residential scheme appears to be heading towards another round of litigation on the land acquisition issue.People of two villages --Goliyawas and Gokulpura --that are now part of the scheme area, have filed a petition in the high court challenging the land acquisition on the ground that the state government failed to follow the procedure. On the basis of the petition, the court issued notice to the state government on Thursday, seeking a reply in next two weeks.The state cabinet recently allowed regularisation of the state's biggest residential scheme that is spread over more than 11,000 bighas on Jaipur's outskirts. Until recently the scheme's land acquisition, which was initiated in 1988, was caught up in litigations. The state government de-acquired the land in 2002, but later withdrew this notification in 2008 following the high court's cognizance against the de-acquisition.The petition filed now by nearly six dozen residents, who claim to be the original owners and occupants of land in the two villages, have objected to the state government again acquiring the land in 2008 without initiating the acquisition process afresh. \"Once the government de-acquired the land in 2002, it ought to have followed the acquisition proceedings afresh, especially when the government had not taken possession of over 2400-bighas of the acquired land,\" petitioners' counsel Anil Mehta argued before the court.The petitioners also highlighted how \"encroachers\" upon the scheme's land stood benefited by the state government's move. Many made money since the government was now regularising their properties, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15428820", "title": "19-year-old murdered over old rivalry", "text": "PUNE: A gang of seven persons allegedly bludgeoned a 19-year-old youth to death following a previous rivalry. The incident took place at Jambhulwadi on Mumbai-Bangalore highway during the early hours of Thursday.The deceased Tejas Ashok Rakshe is from Ramnagar, Vadgaon Budruk, Sinhagad road. The Haveli police have arrested four suspects, Karan Shivaji Telang (24), Vijay Shetty (18), Thakur Lakhandas (19) and Arjun Shivaji Telang (19) all from Dhayari Phata.Senior police inspector Shivajrao Deokar said that on Wednesday night Rakshe and his friend Ganesh Mitkari had gone to a restaurant in Vadgaon Budruk for dinner. After some time the suspects came there and began quarrelling with the duo. The suspects thrashed them and threw beer bottles and glasses towards Rakshe and Mitkari, following which Mitkari fled from the spot. \"The suspects forced Rakshe into a van and left the restaurant,\" he said.The suspects took Rakshe to Jambhulwadi. They assaulted him with sharp weapons and bludgeoned him to death with a big stone. During the early hours of Thursday, Mitkari contacted the police and informed them about the Rakshe's abduction. \"We found his body in the morning,\" Deokar said.Investigations have revealed that Rakshe and the suspects had entered into a brawl around five months ago. Assistant police inspector Namdeo Kauthale is investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15428689", "title": "\u2018Only 0001 for my Rolls Royce, and I\u2019ll get it\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: \"I'll try again and will never give up till I get 0001 for my Rolls Royce. I would drive around with the temporary number till the next auction and win my favourite number,\" vowed Ajit Singh Dhillon, who bid for CH-01-AP-0001 on Thursday.He kept pushing the envelope till the bid reached Rs 25 lakh, but finally his competitor Amarjit Singh offered to pay Rs 5,000 more and walked away with the coveted number. Dhillon didn't take the loss too hard and as the number went to Amarjit Singh, who lives in the same sector (44) as him he said laughingly, \"It doesn't matter, as the number has gone to my \"padosi\" only.\"Registration and licencing officer Sanjeev Kohli said it was a charged up atmosphere at the auction as everyone was astonished to see the price going higher and higher. He said there were a total of 10 bidders for 0001. As the amount crossed Rs 5 lakh, eight bidders opted out but two of them kept up with the bidding, he said. Dhillon said, \"God is with me, but He showered a little more of his blessings on Amarjit.\" He said it's the second time that he had lost this number as in the last auction he lost out by just Rs 50,000, said Dhillon.He said no matter how long it takes but he will get 0001 number. \"I will stay without the number even for a year but would not compromise,\" smiled Dhillon. He said this time Mercedes had won the race over Rolls Royce but not the next time. \"I will participate in the upcoming auction for CH-01-AQ and will get 0001,\" said Dhillion confidently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15427867", "title": "PAC reviews govt land utilisation", "text": "HYDERABAD: TDP, Congress and TRS members of the Public Accounts Committee (PAC) on Thursday levelled charges against one another while addressing the media after their meeting concluded. Instead of collectively forcing the government to be accountable to the legislature, the members belonging to rival parties were attending the meeting with an ulterior motive, they alleged.The PAC met on Thursday to review the utilisation of land assigned by the government to various companies for setting up industrial units. In the absence of chairperson and TDP MLA Revuri Prakash Reddy, party legislator B Durga Prasad chaired the meeting.The land allotments to Brahmani Infratech, Stargaze Properties and Indu Tech Zone, among others, reportedly came up for scrutiny at the meeting. While the TDP members said land was indiscriminately allotted to the companies in the name of industrial development, the Congress members countered by saying that the TDP members were present only to target the state government.Speaking to the media after the meeting, Congress MLA Anam Vivekananda Reddy alleged that the TDP members raised issues as per the agenda set by their leader N Chandrababu Naidu, and objected to this. \"The purpose of the PAC is to protect public properties and contain wasteful expenditure. However, the TDP members are being motivated by their political agenda,\" Anam Vivekananda Reddy said.C Bhanu Prasad, another Congress member, asked as to why the TDP members were reluctant to discuss the land allotments implemented during the Naidu regime. In response, TDP member Devineni Umamaheswara Rao alleged that the YSR Congress and Congress leaders colluded in Vanpic and Lepakshi projects. \"Why is the government not ready to scrap these two projects first,\" he asked.Pointing out as to how thousands of acres were assigned to dubious companies, another TDP legislator G Jaipal Yadav said that between 2006 and 2011, about 50,285 acres were allotted to various companies but not a single industry had come up in these tracts.TRS member of PAC Etala Rajender sought action against the promoters of companies that failed to set up industries as promised and instead raised loans by mortgaging government land. Durga Prasad , who presided over the meeting,said PAC had decided to recommend to the government to take back the 'unutilised' land allotted to various companies. The PAC decided to visit the allotted land for industrial purposes in Ranga Reddy, Medak and Mahbubnagar districts on August 22 and 23. PAC members on Thursday reiterated that they would still complain to Speaker N Manohar and CM Kiran Reddy about the lack of cooperation by irrigation department officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15428976", "title": "Comprehensive and continuous evaluation in CBSE schools helping students perform better", "text": "GUWAHATI: Heads of CBSE schools here said the system of comprehensive and continuous evaluation (CCE), which was introduced for Class IX and X last year, has helped students understand their subjects better and obtain good grades in class.K K Choudhury, regional officer of CBSE (northeast) said, \"Students have benefited from CCE. We have special mentors comprising principals from different schools, who visit schools to see whether the students are being evaluated properly.\" He added, \"There is a basic parameter for monitoring whether the system is being followed properly. A mentor has to see if the students are benefiting from the new curriculum. They have to advise teachers if there is any need to make changes in the method.\"The mentors basically guide schoolteachers and regularly check the overall performance of the students. Such monitoring is carried out throughout the year.K Chanda, principal of South Point School, said, \"The basic idea is to assess the child properly and keep in constant touch with the teachers who compile the performance grades of the students and send it to us.\"Final Assessment (FA) I and Final Assessment (FA) II is carried out, which includes the student's participation in extra-curricular activities, his overall participation in class and Summative Assessment (SA) I and Summative Assessment (SA) II, which are his exam performances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "15428014", "title": "Rubber board to crack the whip on smugglers", "text": "KOTTAYAM: Large quantity of natural rubber is being smuggled from Kottayam to other states through Kaliyikkavila route. After receiving several complaints, the rubber board has initiated steps to intensify patrolling from its regional centre in Marthandam, Tamil Nadu.\"This is being done on an experimental basis. Since smuggling cases are increasing, we felt the need to comb this area and have entrusted the job to our flying squad. We will review the new system at a later stage,\" said board director (licensing and excise) C C Chacko.Kerala levies a value added tax (VAT) of 5% for 1/kg of rubber while the same charged by other states is less. This raises the price by Rs 2/kg in Kerala. Also cess tax (Rs 2/ kg) needs to be paid to the board. Officials said this additional expense is the driving force behind smuggling operations.Staff shortage had forced the board to close down its Kavalkinar checkpost in Tamil Nadu on Thursday.But, deputy director of publicity and public relations M G Satheesh Chandran said the checkpost lost its relevance following the closure of the sales tax check post and so it was shut down. \"There are so many ways to enter Tamil Nadu, this is not the only route. There was staff shortage as we had two officials who worked in shifts. So the only way to address the smuggling issue was to form a patrolling unit that will check all documents required for inter-state transportation of rubber and whether cess was paid to the board,\" he said.The board has two more checkposts at Walayar and Manjeswaram, where four officials handle the work. Board will send two more officers from Kottayam to strengthen the patrolling force to six officers, he added.Meanwhile, some rubber dealers voiced their concerns. \"Compare the annual production and consumption of rubber in Tamil Nadu. The board should maintain a record of this to find out the quantity of rubber being smuggled from Kerala,\" said a dealer on condition of anonymity.Kottayam: Large quantity of natural rubber is being smuggled from here to other states through the Kerala border near Kaliyikkavila. In the wake of receiving several complaints, the Board has initiated steps to intensify patrolling operations based from its Regional Centre in Marthandam in Tamil Nadu. But the shortage of staff has forced the Board to close down its checkpost in Kavalkinar in Tamil Nadu, a place close to Marthandam on Thursday.\"This is only done on an experimental basis. Since smuggling is increasing we felt that combing this area by our flying squad would be much better. We will be reviewing the new system at a later stage to see whether it is effective,\" said C C Chacko, Director, Licensing and Excise Duty Department of the Board.Kerala state is levying a Value Added Tax (VAT) of 5pc for per kg of rubber while it is less in other states. This makes an additional Rs 2 per kg in Kerala. Adding to this is the cess tax to be paid to the rubber board. According to officials in the Board it is this additional expense here which is the driving force behind smuggling of rubber.Meanwhile, M G Satheesh Chandran, deputy director, Publicity and Public Relations, Rubber Board, said that the check post was closed down as it lost its relevance following the closing down of the Sales Tax Check post which used to operate in the same place. \"There are many other roads to enter Tamil Nadu. Another issue was shortage of staff here as there were only two here which makes one person at a time,\" he said. \"So the only way was to form a patrolling unit to check the documents required for inter-state transport of rubber and cess to be paid to the Board,\" he said.The Board has two more check posts at Walayar and Manjeswaram where there are four staff each. Now the board will be sending two more persons from Kottayam to strenghthen the patrolling force in Marthandam which will increase its strength to six.Meanwhile, some of the rubber dealers complained that smuggling of rubber to other states is flourishing. \"Compare the annual production and consumption of Rubber in Tamil Nadu. Board should maintain a record of this to find out the quantity of rubber being smuggled from Kerala,\" said one of the dealers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15427917", "title": "Bandis glitter as shops plunge into darkness", "text": "HYDERABAD: With thousands of hawkers and street-side vendors setting up shops and using high power bulbs to display their wares this Ramzan, the Old City is grappling with an acute power crisis. Bangles have lost their glitter in the once brightly lit shops as Laad Bazaar plunged into complete darkness on Monday and Tuesday, failing to set cash registers ringing. The crisis continued even on Thursday with no power supply to one stretch of Laad Bazaar.Owners of business establishments said more than 50 shops in the area lost business worth lakhs of rupees owing to the power outage. They added that since the power situation didn't improve, CPDCL linemen made the best of the opportunity on Wednesday by asking for an unofficial fee anywhere between Rs 200 and 600 to 'change lines'.Complainants were greeted either by a busy tone or empty promises of 'looking into the matter immediately' when they contacted CPDCL. Further, no docket number was allotted to the complainants who called the helpline.An irate Mohit Kumar from Lalaji Banaraswale said, \"There was no power from 8.30 pm on Monday to 4 pm on Tuesday. We are receiving power only on one phase now.\" Voicing safety concerns proprietors said since the entire power load is concentrated on just one supply line, there is a high risk of short circuit and a corresponding fire hazard.CPDCL officials pointed out that the 'lighting load' was caused by an exponential rise in hawker activity in the commercial areas including Madina, Laad Bazaar and Pathergatti resulting in the power outage and also possibly the unscheduled power-cuts in the area. They added that since business activity peaks during Ramzan, shopkeepers use a larger number of high power lights to attract customers. While the area is usually fed electricity by the 33/11 KVA substation at Khilwat, temporary transformers of 500 KVA capacity have been installed at Pathergatti, Nimrah Cafe, Osmania Bazaar, Motigalli and Gulzar Houz to tackle thepowerproblem, officials said.Meanwhile businessmen from Madina informed that their business has taken a beating due to unscheduled power-cuts lasting between one and four hours every evening. Faiz Mohiuddin from Maqdoom Brothers said, \"There was no power yesterday from 1.45 pm to 5 pm and then from 11 pm to 12 pm. Apart from the one hour scheduled load shedding, unscheduled power-cuts happen throughout the evening for different durations during peak business hours, usually after Iftar. Even my inverters are drained after an hour or so.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15426432", "title": "Karnataka mining scam may have cost exchequer Rs 50,000 crore", "text": "NEW DELHI: The scale of the Karnataka mining scam seems to be getting bigger with the estimates of an expert committee suggesting that the alleged robber barons who engaged in illicit mining may have cheated the state of Rs 50,000 crore in taxes and other levies.The mining syndicate which thrived across regimes claimed that it was taking out just 50 million tonnes of iron ore every year whereas inspections showed that in reality, another 30-40 million tonnes of ore was illegally mined and siphoned off.Considering that the recent e-auction for just 26.58 million tonnes brought in Rs 1,496 in various levies, the loss to the state exchequer works out to Rs 7,000 crore every year over the last one decade.The Supreme Court's environment panel, Central Empowered Committee (CEC), submitted its report to a bench of Justices Aftab Alam, K S Radhakrishnan and Swatanter Kumar on Thursday and said till July 31, 26.58 million tonnes of iron ore was sold through e-auction for Rs 6,416 crore.\"In addition to the sale price, about Rs 1,496 crore has been recovered and paid by the monitoring committee to the government -- Rs 606.24 crore as royalty, Rs 594.06 crore as forest development charges, Rs 270.65 crore as VAT and Rs 25.11 crore as CST,\" said the report submitted to the court by CEC's member secretary M K Jiwrajika.CEC sources said if the private lease holders had sold the iron ore for Rs 6,416 crore, then they would have paid income tax of over Rs 2,100 crore to the government. So, along with the various levies, the government would have got almost Rs 3,600 crore from the entire transaction.Before the apex court banned mining completely, private lease holders had declared sale of 50 million tonnes of iron ore per year on an average and inspection showed that another 30-40 million tonnes of ore was illegally mined and siphoned off.If sale of the total 80-90 million tonnes of iron ore was shown as legal by the private parties every year, then they would have earned around Rs 18,000 crore, over which income tax would have been Rs 6,000 crore. In addition, the government would have got nearly Rs 1,500 crore as royalty, FDC, VAT and CST. This means the government would have got around Rs 7,500 crore every year. But what the government actually got was only around Rs 500 crore from the private parties.Thus, an estimated loss of Rs 7,000 crore to the exchequer per year happened for nearly a decade and CEC sources said the entire illegal extraction of iron ore and under-reporting of sale and extraction could have cost the exchequer Rs 50,000 crore.The bench asked the Karnataka government to file its response to the CEC report after amicus curiae Shyam Divan and A D N Rao informed the court that the reclamation and rehabilitation plan for 16 mines had been prepared. But the bench insisted that it would permit resumption of mining in these mines only after the rehabilitation plan was implemented on the ground.To make available adequate quantity of iron ore for iron and steel plants dependent on the ore extracted from Bellary-Hospet, Tumkur and Chitradurga districts, the bench sought an update from NMDC, which alone has been allowed by the court to undertake limited mining operations.Senior advocate Arvind Datar, appearing for NMDC, said the PSU had the capability to extract 10 lakh tonnes of iron ore but it faced problems in transporting the extracted mineral and lack of assured long term demand.The Karnataka Iron and Steel Manufacturers Association and Federation of Indian Mineral Industries through senior advocates C S Vaidyanathan and T S Andhyarujina said their clients were ready to lift the mineral. The bench asked representatives of industry associations, ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) and NMDC to sit with the CEC on Monday to chalk out long-term e-auction scheme and place it before the court on August 17.dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15432516", "title": "Internet virus demands money via 'FBI message'", "text": "WASHINGTON: Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) has warned computer users to ignore a message, purportedly from its officers, that freezes people's screens and asks them to pay a fine for visiting inappropriate websites.According to Donna Gregory from the US Internet Crime Complaint Centre, the virus known as Reveton ransomware, has hit users in the US and globally.\"We're getting inundated with complaints. Some people have actually paid the so-called fine,\" News24 quoted Gregory, as saying.The virus, 'drive-by malware', installs itself when a user clicks on a compromised website and issues a message saying a federal law has been broken, she said.According to a statement by the FBI, the 'bogus message says that the user's internet address was identified by the FBI or the Department of Justice's Computer Crime and Intellectual Property Section as having been associated with child pornography sites or other illegal online activity'.To unlock their machines, users are required to pay a fine using a prepaid money card service, it said.According to the report, Gregory said there is no easy fix for users whose computers have been infected.\"Unlike other viruses, Reveton freezes your computer and stops it in its tracks. And the average user will not be able to easily remove the malware ,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15428114", "title": "13,687 families depend on manual scavenging in Kerala!", "text": "KOCHI: The enumerators for the Socio Economic and Caste Census (SECC) 2011 seem to have come up with some curious data.According to them, there are 13,687 families who depend on manual scavenging to eke out a living in Kerala which has won global acclaim for its high levels of social development.Another perplexing finding is that there are 14,947 freed bonded labour families in the state.Interestingly, even as per the census data of 1982 there were only 51 families who belong to the category of freed bonded labour in the state and all of them are known to have expired, the officials of the Rural Development Department (RDD) told TOI here. The data collection launched in April 11 was over in June. The SECC data also shows that 17,564 families belong to the primitive tribal group in the state and has accorded the status to five tribes, namely Kaadar, Cholanaikkar, Kattunaikkar, Koraka and Kurumba.According to RDD officials, there could be a maximum of 5,000 families in the state in the group, mainly in Wayanad, Idukki and Kannur.However, the data collected as part of the SECC indicates that there are about 1,500 families belonging to the group even in Thiruvananthapuram. The RDD officials clarified that some of the enumerators might have committed errors without knowing the criteria to be used for entering into different categories in the census data.For instance the enumerators may have included the workers engaged in the city cleaning activities in the city areas as manual scavengers, he said.The entire data collection exercise was paperless, done on hand-held electronic devices. This was expected to reduce data entry errors and enumerator discretion. About 20,000 tablet PCs manufactured by Bharat Electronics limited (BEL), Bangalore, was acquired by the LSGI Department with financial aid from the Ministry of Rural Development, Government of India.Also officers at various levels were expected to make sure that there was no misreporting. But RRD officials are surprised that despite all these precautions such errors have crept in.\"We are trying to conduct another round of sample survey to trace how and where the errors have crept in and correct them before uploading to the NIC server,\" the rural development commissioner Nandakumar said.He said supervisory examination of the data collected during the SECC was yet to be completed in nearly 5,000 of the over 68,000 enumeration blocks in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15428860", "title": "Entry fee hike mooted for '7 Wonders' garden in Parvati", "text": "PUNE: Watching the models of the Seven Wonders of the world installed at Yashwantrao Chavan garden could get costlier, as the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) has plans to increase the entry fee. A proposal to hike the entry fee from Re 1 to Rs 50 will come for discussions before the standing committee meeting on Tuesday.The PMC has set up miniature models of the seven wonders of the world at the garden in Shivdarshan area in Parvati. The miniature models include that of Niagara Falls , Statue of Liberty and the Pyramids of Egypt . The size of the structures range from 20 ft to 60 ft.The proposal states that the entry fee for students and children should be Rs 10, for adults it should be Rs 50 while foreigners will have to shell out Rs 250.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15427142", "title": "Dad blames hospital for schoolboy\u2019s death", "text": "CHENNAI: Vincent Ramaswamy, father of five-year-old Akash, who died after being knocked down by his school van at Padappai near Tambaram on Tuesday, has alleged that the private hospital where his son was taken to was responsible for his death. The hospital did not provide adequate assistance, he said, demanding a probe.Ramaswamy told TOI that the doctors at Sayee Hospital should have kept the boy under observation for 12 hours as per norms. He said they just sutured the injured leg and sent him home where he developed fits. \"We took him back to the hospital, but they said they didn't have enough facilities to treat him. We then moved him to the General Hospital where he died.\"Sayee Hospital managing director Dr M Pandian refuted the allegations. He said the hospital staff had rendered first-aid and took an x-ray of the child. \"The mother was with the child all along and when we asked them to wait for observation she refused, stating that the child was fine,\" he said.Investigating officer J Sivakumar said the incident took place outside the school and it was the fault of driver Arivalgan, who has been arrested on charges of rash and negligent driving.School authorities could not be contacted as the school was closed on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15427128", "title": "Boy chasing ball falls into open septic tank, dies", "text": "CHENNAI: A seven-year-old boy died after falling into an open septic tank near a hostel under construction at the Panimalar College of Engineering in Nazarthpet near Poonamallee on Thursday.Police said Ajay Deshmukh, whose father, Ram Sai, and mother were busy at the construction site, was playing with a ball nearby. The family of labourers is from Madhya Pradesh.When the ball rolled into the open septic tank, the child tried to retrieve it and fell in. Labourers rushed to the spot hearing the child's cries. They removed him from the tank and took him to the Rajiv Gandhi General Hospital where he was declared brought dead.A large number of migrant workers have been employed to construct the new hostel block for the college which is some distance away. A number of children who do not go to school play in the area while their parents are at work, police said.This is the second incident in the last two days where migrant workers have been killed. On Monday, 10 workers were killed when the wall they were constructing for a basketball stadium at a college near Sriperumbudur collapsed. Eight others were injured.On Wednesday, a worker from West Bengal was killed and six others were injured when the boom of a crane came crashing down at a metro rail work site in front of Pachaiyappa's College on Poonamallee High Road.The three incidents and subsequent deaths have brought to the fore the rights, living conditions and the amount of salaries paid to workers brought to the city from Bihar, Nepal, West Bengal and some northeastern states by agents with promises of a secure future.Most of the workers from the above states are in the unorganized sector and some of them are paid weekly wages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15428278", "title": "3 held for forging papers to get loan", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A Sabarmati police team arrested three persons including a Western Railways employee for trying to dupe a cooperative bank of a car loan of Rs 5 lakh. The trio forged papers to get the loan, said investigators.According to Sabarmati police, Umiyashankar Dave, a resident of Railway Colony, Sabarmati, conspired with Anil Ayar, a resident of Motera, and Maulik Panchal, a resident of Chandlodia, and applied for a car loan at Ramnagar Branch of Sarvoday Commercial Cooperative Bank earlier in July. Dave also presented a quotation from Active Auto, a Sarkhej-based dealer, for the car he wished to purchase and the receipt of advance.\"The bank smelled something fishy as the quotation for Rs 4.98 lakh was on a letterhead but were not in the prescribed format. The officials investigated the matter on their own and found out that Dave had forged the papers to get the loan. They then filed a complaint of cheating with the police on July 28,\" said a Sabarmati police official.The trio went to the bank to collect a cheque for the loan on Wednesday when the bank officials informed police and the trio was nabbed. \"They confessed that they were planning to disappear after transferring the amount to other accounts,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15428275", "title": "NMDC tells SC its problems", "text": "BANGALORE: The NMDC, the sole agency allowed to undertake mining in Karnataka, on Thursday told the Supreme Court it has the capability to extract 10 lakh tonnes of iron ore. But senior advocate Arvind Datar, appearing for NMDC, said the PSU faces problems: one, transporting the extracted mineral and, two, lack of assured long-term demand.But the Karnataka Iron and Steel Manufacturers Association and Federation of Indian Mineral Industries, through senior advocates C S Vaidyanathan and T S Andhyarujina, said their clients were ready to lift the mineral. The bench asked the representatives of the industry associations, ministry of environment and forest and NMDC to sit with CEC on Monday to chalk out a long-term e-auction scheme and place it before the court on August 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15428642", "title": "Govt for turning mining pits into tourism stops", "text": "PANAJI: It may sound strange, but the government is thinking of developing closed mining pits for tourism activities.The draft mining policy announced by chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Wednesday has proposed that tourism be developed in mines that have shut down after excavation of minerals.The policy states that \"mineral-related tourism would be promoted with a view to create awareness, educate the masses and provide employment opportunities to the local people\".It further states, \"Geological parks would be set up in the state wherever feasible.\"There's nothing concrete as far as promoting \"mineral-related tourism\" is concerned as the proposals in the policy appear vague. There is also a big if that goes with the proposal. Speaking to TOI, mines director Prasanna Acharya said they floated the tourism idea intending to see whether closed mining pits can be converted into lakes. \"If mining companies have planted trees, then we can check if those can be converted into spice farms,\" he added.Sources said the government expects feedback from the citizens in next one month. The last date for making suggestions on the draft policy is September 10.Sources added that depending upon what emerges, the government would appoint a consultant to further develop the concept of promoting mineral-related tourism.The policy makes it binding on the state to ensure that mines in their mine closure plans make adequate provision for reclamation and/or restoration of the land to the best possible potential in collaboration with local communities, and for their use. \"Land after closure shall be returned to the local bodies for management preferably as a common property resource, particularly for the benefit of the rural poor,\" the policy states.Mining companies will be asked to put in place corporate social responsibility schemes, setting aside 3% of their net profit of the previous year. \"Mines will be encouraged to form partnerships with the district administration, local bodies and NGOs for implementation of local area development progammes, maintenance of community assets and creation of on and off mine employment opportunities,\" the policy states. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "15426998", "title": "Zip to Agra in 2.5 hours, e-way now open", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: You can now zip across the spanking new Yamuna Expressway, from Greater Noida to Agra. The six-lane, access-controlled expressway was finally thrown open on Thursday via a video link by the chief minister, Akhilesh Yadav, at 11am from Lucknow. His uncle and Samajwadi Party MP, Ram Gopal Yadav, waved the green flag at the Greater Noida end.Now, the drive to Agra from New Delhi should not take more than two-and-a-half hours. From Noida and Greater Noida, the time taken to cover the distance would be even less.At the inaugural function, Ram Gopal Yadav said that expressways like this opened doors for development and progress. He observed that the reduction in travel time would save many man-hours that can be used productively. \"If 50,000 people travelled on this expressway, nearly 1 lakh man-hours, besides enormous fuel costs, could be saved,\" Yadav said.While Ram Gopal Yadav said he believed the speed limit should be at least 120 kmph, Akhilesh, speaking in Lucknow, repeatedly cautioned commuters not to drive over the designated speed limit of 100 kmph. \"Speed laws will have to strictly enforced,\" he said. Sameer Gaur, Joint MD, Jaypee Infratech, shifted the responsibility of speed limit to the government and said the decision lay with the Yamuna Expressway Industrial Development Authority (YEIDA).Ram Gopal Yadav asked the Jaypee group, which has built and will maintain the road, to provide parallel service roads for toll-free access and for facilitating movement by villagers. He also suggested several rectifications. The Authority, after handing over the completion certificate for the project to the developer, has provided a window of 180 days for dealing with the shortcomings.The Jaypee group had some more good news for commuters. It announced on the occasion that the Noida-Greater Noida expressway will remain a toll-free road. The Noida-Greater Noida expressway, which was earlier part of the concession agreement of the Yamuna Expressway project, has been delinked from it. \"There will be no toll on the Noida-Greater Noida expressway, which was originally supposed to be handed over to Jaypee for maintenance and tolling as an integral part of Yamuna Expressway,\" said Gaur. \"We now have an understanding with the state government and the MoU will be amended accordingly,\" he said.The expressway promoter will also develop five integrated townships on 500 hectares each at Noida, Jaganpur, Mirzapur, Tappal near Aligarh and Kuber near Agra along the e-way. Officials said that four hospitals, two in Gautam Budh Nagar and one each in Tappal and Agra, had also been planned.This project had witnessed many delays since it was conceived way back in 2001 during the Mayawati regime. It had then been named Taj Expressway. Thereafter, it did not take off because of a change of government in the state in 2003. The project was revived in 2007 and re-named as Yamuna Expressway, with a deadline of 2013.The project has consumed Rs. 12,839 crore. The state government had acquired land in 1,182 villages of six districts from Greater Noida to Agra for the purpose. A huge price was paid to facilitate the project - while three farmers and a policeman were killed at Tappal in Aligarh in 2010, two farmers and as many policemen lost their lives at Bhatta-Parsaul in Greater Noida in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "15428166", "title": "Meghalaya's Congress CM too rings alarm", "text": "ITANAGAR: Meghalaya chief minister Mukul Sangma expressed concern over the unabated influx of illegal migrants into the northeast region and asked New Delhi to take corrective measures before the situation goes out of hand.\"The northeastern states, which share borders with many countries, are vulnerable to influx due to lack of proper monitoring and need to be guarded as much as Jammu &amp; Kashmir,\" Sangma said.Terming the influx problem as one of the core issues confronting all the northeastern states, the CM stressed on the need to address it through involvement of all stakeholders, including various indigenous groups of the region.He said that often citizens of neighbouring countries make desperate attempts to infiltrate into the northeast as it is a better place for income generation with a peaceful environment to live in compared with their own countries.\"Today, Tripura and Assam are the worst sufferers and the problem may crop up in other states of the region if corrective measures are not taken immediately,\" Sangma said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15428697", "title": "Dance therapy: People swing on happy tunes", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It was good start to the day for residents of Sector 15, who enjoyed some 'dance therapy' on Thursday morning. The session that was held at the floral garden saw the young and the old alike participate with much zest. The dance session was held with a view to relieve people of stress. And the residents of the sector enjoyed the session that lasted for one-and-a-half hours to the hilt. At the beginning of the session people were a little anxious about what the 'therapy' was all about. But once the dancing began, they just got into the groove with professionals guiding them.\"Unlike the monotonous schedule of a walk everyday, on Thursday it was a different thing altogether and it made me feel really good,\" smiled S C Gupta, an educationist. Santosh Bansal, a businessman said he sent SMSs to as many residents of the sector as he could once he got to know about the activity, while adding that he was delighted with the response. Sarla Jindal, a housewife said that every morning it's just a boring walk but the dance was an enlivening experience. Vandana Luthra, another resident of the sector, who was really excited about the activity said that it should be held thrice a week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15429319", "title": "Man orders TV online, gets assault rifle", "text": "WASHINGTON: Police in Washington are looking into how a local resident who ordered a color TV set via Amazon.com ended up with a high-powered semi-automatic assault rifle instead.Seth Horvitz, who lives in the northeast quadrant of the US capital, said he contacted police immediately after a parcel delivery service left the military-style SIG Sauer SIG716 at his apartment door.\"They were a little confused at first. They've never seen anything quite like it,\" he told Fox 5, a local television station. \"They just took my information and then said, 'We'll handle this weapon because it's illegal to keep here' , It's illegal to transport in a car, so it can't be returned.\"While the box was addressed to Horvitz, who had ordered a flat-screen television from a third-party retailer via Amazon.com, an invoice inside the box suggested the gun was supposed to go to a Pennsylvania gun shop.A spokesman for Washington's metropolitan police department said on Wednesday that the case \u2014 which comes on the heels of two mass killings in the United States in less than a month \u2014 remains under investigation.On its website, the US subsidiary of SIG Sauer, a major European firearms manufacturer that supplies guns to many US police forces, says the SIG716 is \"the rifle of choice when you require the power of a larger caliber carbine\". \"We've seen in recent weeks the tremendous damage these guns can do,\" said Dan Gross, president of the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence, which campaigns for greater gun control in the United States.\"We have to be better than a nation where assault weapons are so prevalent and can so easily end up in dangerous hands,\" he said in a statement. \"It's deeply disturbing.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15427666", "title": "Opposition corners Shinde on Assam debate in Rajya Sabha", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Opposition took the honours in the debate on the Assam violence in Rajya Sabha on Thursday with home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde failing to find answers to respond to leader of Opposition Arun Jaitley's charge that the state is not \"safe\" in Congress's hands.Shinde reeled out the actions initiated by the Centre but, as in Lok Sabha on Wednesday, he came across as slow footed in reacting to the political argument Jaitley built up around Congress's \"vote bank politics\" being in sync with designs of Pakistani leaders like Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto on making India's northeast a \"second Kashmir\".The home minister's bid to inform the House about the Centre's efforts to ascertain the causes behind the incidents leading to the ethnic violence by a CBI probe did not pacify the Opposition which dismissed this as a \"clerical approach\".\"By merely bringing the Army for a few days or organizing relief camps you will not solve the problem,\" said Jaitley. Charging the government with being blind to the illegal immigrant problem, the BJP leader said: \"If you adopt the original line of Gopinath Bordoloi (who wanted to preserve the cultural and linguistic identity of the north-east) India will be safe in your hands. But if you adopt vote bank politics, I don't think this region is safe in your hands\".Sharpening his attack, Jaitley said, \"Here was a government which not only discarded the original Assam line...but encouraged illegal infiltration en-masse in search of vote bank politics,\" he said saying the situation was not a simple law and order problem.Reminding the House of Bhutto's plans, he said Congress's policies \"...overlapped with the design of some other's hand\" across the border.\"No country allows encroachment by infiltrators like this,\" Jaitley said, accusing the government of not allowing identification of illegal immigrants and their deportation through the Foreigners Act and instead forming tribunals.Shinde, on his part, said the Assam violence that has so far claimed 77 lives was not an issue concerning BJP or Congress and one which concerned all. \"The government is taking this issue very seriously. A CBI team has gone there and an inquiry has started....I have instructed the Army to be alert\".Rebutting the law and order approach, Jaitley said, \"11 out of 27 districts are today a majority of persons living who are illegal immigrants. I am not referring to the ethnic minorities of Assam in this category.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15428436", "title": "Students\u2019 union poll a must: Chief minister", "text": "PATNA: All universities of the state have been directed by the education department to hold students' union elections. This was announced by chief minister Nitish Kumar on Thursday at a function of the students wing of JD (U). He said the government was ready to help the universities, if need be, for this purpose.Addressing a crowded and chaotic state-level Chhatra Adhikar Sammelan at the SK Memorial Hall, Nitish said he favoured representation of students in senates and syndicates of the universities. \"Universities can provide better training in leadership to students. Most of the politicians of the present time learnt the basics of politics in universities,\" he said citing his own example.The students' union election in Bihar universities have not been held since 1984. During the last 23 years, the state has been run by one-time students leaders like Lalu Prasad and Nitish Kumar, but no government took the initiative to hold students' union elections.The CM admitted that his government could not do as much as desired in the field of higher education due to certain constraints. The government is providing adequate funds on time and has taken initiative to develop some colleges of different universities as centre of excellence, he added.Other speakers, including student leaders, lashed out at the governor for his handling of the higher education in his capacity as chancellor. JD (U) MLA Neeraj Kumar Bablu alleged, \"In Bihar universities, the post of vice-chancellor is up for grabs. One VC is holding the charge of three universities.\"Some speakers also pointed out the manner in which private coaching institutes were being run and also the private lodges where students 'live like cattle'. The CM assured to look into these issues.Nitish asked the students and youth to lend their support for the success of the Adhikar rally of the JD (U), slated to be held here on November 9, and said he wanted to build a prosperous Bihar for the young generation.\"If Bihar gets special category status, the state will have enough fund from its own resources to launch many more schemes on the pattern of bicycle and uniform schemes which, he said, were fully state government schemes.\"He said, \"We are facing trouble and obstructions at each step, yet the state has made some progress on certain human development indices in the last seven years. Still, Bihar is far behind the national average in different indices, like per capita income and investment. With the speed Bihar is progressing, it will take 25 years to reach the national average.\"A huge crowd of students had turned up at the venue and the spacious hall was jampacked. Hundreds of them were standing in the pathways of the hall. A large number of students went on the podium and at one time, police was called inside to control the crowd and keep them at a distance from the CM.The students' wing of the party held a conference after eight years, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15429505", "title": "Stalemate as Sheetal doesn\u2019t say sorry to hubby\u2019s sister", "text": "MUMBAI: Two days after three apologies\u2014the longest coming from her husband\u2014ended half the saga for Sheetal Mafatlal in the family row where criminal charges were exchanged freely , an attempt to amicably mend one more bridge failed on Thursday despite the intervention of a Bombay high court judge .Sheetal refused to give an apology , even orally in front of the judge in his chamber , to her second sister-in-law Gayatri Jhaveri since her stand was that she was the one who has been victimized by the family of her husband Atulya all this while. She insisted that Gayatri must give a written apology and also sign consent terms not to interfere with her peace and privacy at home . Gayatri was willing to give an apology only if Sheetal also apologised and said her visit to the Mafatlal bungalow was to check on and be with her mother , Madhuri . The matter ended on a stalemate andJustice V M Kanade , who had called the sisters-in-law at 5pm to sort out the spat , placed the matter for a proper hearing on merits in court on August 14.Sheetal , the wife of Atulya , the Mafatlal industry scion , appeared before the high court earlier in the morning where the criminal case filed against her by her step-daughter Marushka was quashed . The complaint was of theft of about 40 paintings of great artists\u2014valued at around Rs 50 crore\u2014from the Mafatlal bungalow . She said it was a \"question of my safety \" and wondered what guarantee was there that the family may not file cases again . Justice Kanade said she was in court and needn't worry . He said since Gayatri was willing now to apologise , if she did too, the matter was resolved and both \"could start on a clean slate\" . \"Why do you want to precipitate the matter ?... Do you like coming to court ?\" he asked Sheetal .The criminal case of cruelty filed by Sheetal against Atulya's mother Madhuri Mafatlal and brother Ajay Mafatlal remained unchanged and will be heard by the court when its turn comes .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15429781", "title": "Delhi corporation takes a leaf out of HDMC book", "text": "HUBLI: The state government is dilly-dallying over extending round-the-clock water supply scheme to all 67 wards of Hubli-Dharwad. But still, the ambitious project caught the attention of Delhi Jal Board (DJB). The 24x7 water scheme has been implemented in eight wards of the twin cities as a pilot project.A delegation led by water board officials of DJB on Thursday met HDMC commissioner, mayor and Hubli Water Board officers and returned with tips to implement the scheme in Delhi. To put an end to water problems, HDMC had implemented 24x7 scheme in eight wards -- four each in Hubli and Dharwad -- as a pilot project four years ago. The scheme has been implemented in wards 27, 29, 30, 32 in Hubli, while those in Dharwad include wards 8, 9, 10, 11.HDMC is waiting for financial sanction to extend the same to all 67 wards. The news of pilot project's success reached DJB when the same was discussed at a meeting of water board officials. The Centre had convened the meeting a couple of months ago to discuss various schemes implemented across the country so they are implemented elsewhere too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15428621", "title": "Panjab University hostellers to pay Rs 1,000 fine not declaring guests", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Panjab University hostels seem to be turning into \"guest houses\" for college students and relatives of hostels residents appearing in competitive exams.To check this, the authorities have decided to impose a penalty -- guest charges of two months -- on hostellers who fail to declare their guests.During a raid on PU hostels on Wednesday, it was found that most of the outsiders were college students from Punjab and Chandigarh and none had a criminal intent. The UT police said the boys were let off after a verification.\"Most of them were college students who were staying with their relatives without paying the guest charges. They had not even got their names entered in hostel registers,\" said Gurmukh Singh, SHO of Sector 11 police station.Four to eight students were found to be staying illegally in rooms allocated to residents of boys' hostels.\"We are imposing a fine of Rs 1,000, which is equivalent to guest charges of two months. The penalty will be imposed on those who host these students,\" said A S Ahluwalia, PU dean, student welfare.\"The unfortunate part is that when the students are required to adjust with each other, they refuse. And when their guests and friends come to the city, they adjust with four to eight persons in a room illegally. We will regularly conduct checks till elections,\" said Gaurav Gaur, warden of a boys' hostel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15428949", "title": "CBI team arrives in Guwahati to probe ethnic riots", "text": "GUWAHATI: A CBI team, led by a special director along with officials from the crime branch, arrived in Guwahati on Thursday to carry out a preliminary assessment of the situation arising out of the ethnic clashes in lower Assam before starting investigation.Besides finding out the possible involvement of \"external forces\" in the instigating the violence, CBI will also look into political conspiracy, if any, a source said. He added that the MHA will soon issue a notification to CBI for starting the probe. \"There are formalities to be followed but the notification is expected very soon,\" he said.The state government, on Wednesday, formally approached the CBI to take up the investigation. Union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde , in a statement in the Rajya Sabha on Thursday, said, \"CBI will take over certain cases wherein conspiracy seems to be involved for investigation.\"Joint secretary (Northeast) Sambhu Singh is also accompanying the CBI team, which will visit Kokrajhar on Friday. \"This is a tour to understand the situation and educate the investigators before taking up the probe,\" a source said.Sources pointed out that there are different versions about the number of cases of ethnic clashes registered with police so far. \"The CBI will select some of cases and club them. After the notification, the CBI team will identify the select cases that it will register,\" the source added.The home minister informed the Rajya Sabha that the state government, in its report to the Centre, stated that there was simmering tension between Bodos and non-Bodo in Bodoland Territorial Area District (BTAD) on various socio-political issues and the background of the recent spate of violence may be attributed to the incidents, which took place mainly between July 6 and 19 and on July 20.The home minister also informed the Rajya Sabha that four more decomposed dead bodies were recovered on August 7 and 8 in Kokrajhar district, which has taken the toll to 77, with another 50 injured (including 14 police personnel) and seven missing. Altogether 47,936 families have been affected and 5,367 houses have been burnt as per preliminary reports.AICC general secretary Digvijay Singh also visited the affected districts on Wednesday and Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15426424", "title": "Eunuch groups clash, 4 booked", "text": "INDORE: Two groups of eunuchs clashed at Sanyogitaganj area here on Thursday evening leaving one of the eunuchs seriously injured.One of the eunuchs, Anshu lodged a complaint with the police that her group was at Gurudwaria Haat when another group of eunuch came and suddenly attacked it. The complainant eunuchs including Ashu, Pancham, Pawak and few others are from a group of Ladi Guru and reside in Sindhi Colony while the accused group belongs to Sapna Guru and resides in Nandlalpura locality.Sources said, there was an old rivalry between the groups that surface from time to time over issues related to area domination.Police have booked four including Sandhya and Shyamu under sections 294, 323, 524 and 34 of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15429458", "title": "10 rescued from Tardeo blaze, 1 critical", "text": "MUMBAI: The island city witnessed a major blaze for the second time in less than two months when a fire broke out in a 10-storey commercial building in Tardeo on Thursday evening.Ten people who were trapped on the ninth floor were rescued in dramatic fashion. One of them, Nandkishore Ghagre (40), was admitted to the trauma ward of Nair Hospital due to inhalation of fumes. Doctors said he had been put on ventilator.Six others, who complained of suffocation, were also taken to the hospital and discharged after treatment. They were identified as Shoaib Sheikh (24), Ajit Siddiqui (28), Ajinkya Bagwe (23), Ashwini Mahadik (20), Sonali Desai (22) and Poonam Shinde (24).On June 21, a fire broke out at Mantralaya in south Mumbai, killing five people.Thursday's fire, said officials, started in an office on the ninth floor of the building. The exact source of the blaze could be ascertained only after a probe, they added.Moments after detecting the fire, members of the managing committee of the building's cooperative society rushed to offices on each floor, asking the occupants to immediately vacate the building.The fire brigade got a call at 5.20pm and its personnel reached the spot in 13 minutes. Eight fire engines and four water tankers were deployed to douse the flames. It took the firefighters about 90 minutes to bring the blaze under control and rescue those trapped inside.\"There were no casualties thanks to the presence of mind of the committee members,\" said Premal Gandhi (48), whose office is on the eighth floor.\"The fire started in unit H-1 (Gora Gandhi) on the ninth floor. The air conditioning unit of the office had collapsed. All office equipment, including fax machines, and records were gutted. Four people were rescued with the help of a turntable ladder and six brought down using the staircase. The smoke spread to the 10th floor and those trapped inside complained of suffocation,\" said Suhas Joshi, chief fire officer.The managing committee members said the fire might have been caused by a short- circuit. \"We are waiting for the fire brigade's report. We have followed all safety norms,\" said Kiran Mehta, a member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15427765", "title": "Akalis, UPA spar over shooting spree at US Sikh shrine", "text": "NEW DELHI: Lok Sabha saw a sharply partisan discussion on the shooting of Sikhs in a gurdwara in the US with the Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD) criticizing the government for not doing enough to protect the community and the treasury benches accusing the Akalis of political opportunism.SAD drew first blood during zero hour on Thursday with party MP Harsimrat Kaur expressing her dissatisfaction with US authorities who she said have failed to identify the killer's backers or his actual motivations.The feisty and articulate MP pointed to a Sikh family who has received letters asking it to leave the US and asked why America has failed to curb groups who target the community on the assumption that they are followers of the slain al- Qaeda chief Osama bin Laden.\"Just because there is some resemblance in attire, they are targeted. Sikhs have contributed richly to the nations where they have settled. US is no different...more than 1,000 Sikhs have been attacked or murdered after 9/11,\" she said.As the Akali MP gathered steam, Congress benches could be heard grumbling and asking whether a zero hour deposition could be allowed to run on and on. Soon, Congress's Partap Singh Bajwa stood up seeking to make a few points.There was a hot-headed exchange between Janata Dal (U) leader Sharad Yadav and parliamentary affairs minister Pawan Bansal with the Opposition leader insisting that he be heard on a \"national issue\" as he had been invited to speak by the chair.Bansal did get a word in towards the end when he said Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has taken up the matter with US President Barack Obama and hit back at the Akalis saying, \"I think you should not make political capital from the funeral pyres of those who died.\"Earlier, Bajwa, speaking in Punjabi, said the barbaric killings needed to be condemned in no uncertain terms and defended the government, saying that US had flown its flag at half mast and the PM had urged the US to thoroughly investigate the incident. \"The killer was an ex-Army veteran, not an illiterate person. It needs to be probed,\" he said.However, Bajwa found it hard to speak as he was repeatedly interrupted by Kaur and other NDA MPs. The din soon saw SAD MPs enter the well but when Bajwa and some others tried to follow suit, they found Congress chief Sonia Gandhi waving them back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15426538", "title": "Bank manager booked for Rs 2.75 lakh fraud", "text": "GURGAON: An FIR has been lodged against an assistant manager of the State Bank of India's Sector 56 branch for alleged misappropriation of close to Rs 3 lakh of the bank. The FIR was registered on the recommendation of the economic offences wing (EOW) of the city police, which had been probing the matter on the complaint of the bank manager.According to the police, Avtar Kishan, manager of the Sector 56 branch of SBI, had lodged a complaint with the Sector 56 police station some days ago. In his complaint, Kishan alleged assistant manager Bhawani Shankar of misappropriating close to Rs 3 lakh by using fake documents and cheques.The EOW, during its probe, found that Shankar misappropriated Rs 2.75 lakh of the bank. He did fake signatures and fudged with cheques to withdraw the money. After the study of bank's account, the EOW team found that the bank's money was deposited in the assistant manager's account.\"We have lodged an FIR and will arrest him soon,\" said an investigating officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "kidwai nagar", "code": "15428773", "title": "Ramzan: Hundreds break fast at Sufiyaan Bagh mosque", "text": "KIDWAI NAGAR: As the time for iftaar approaches near, Sufiyaan Bagh mosque becomes abuzz with activity. Hundreds of members of the Muslim community come here to break their fast.Imam of the mosque, Hifz-ur-Rehman, says, \"We receive hundreds of people almost every day for iftaar. They include businessmen, educationists, professionals and members of the working class. We break the fast with dates as our Prophet used to break the fast with the same\".Fruits like pears and apples are also part of the platter. \"We also serve 'sherbet', 'pakodas' and other snacks at iftaar. After breaking the fast, we offer evening prayers during which we pray for peace and tranquillity in the world, apart from good health and luck,\" he adds.Aleem-ud-din Saifi, an industrialist and resident of Janakpuri, says, \"The Sufiyan Bagh mosque is normally abuzz with activity during iftaar as a large number of people break their fast here. I also go to this mosque whenever I get time. It is always great to break the fast in the company of hundreds of other devotees at the mosque\".Even the market adjoining the mosque witnesses a huge rush as the devout shop there for fruits, dates and other eatables.Another frequent visitor at the mosque, Haji Muhammad Akhter of Kidwai Nagar, says, \"The best part of breaking fast here is that no matter how rich a person is or how poor, everybody sits together. The other great thing is that people not only pray for near and dear ones, but also for the entire world\".Muhammad Fazal, a shopkeeper of the area who sells 'fenis' (special 'kachori'), says, \"I do brisk business during Ramzan as lots of people come to buy 'feni' from me. I also do iftaar inside the mosque sometimes\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15427928", "title": "Fresh row over digging at Naya Qila", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) on Thursday washed its hands off the recent digging activity at Naya Qila located within the premises of the Golconda fort, drawing severe protests from members of civil society groups. At a meeting held in the office of GHMC commissioner M T Krishna Babu, municipal authorities maintained that they had not outsourced the work to any private company, as alleged by activists. They even rubbished charges of deploying a posse of policemen, from the nearby Golconda police station, to oversee the job.Exactly a week ago, trouble had erupted at this heritage precinct when a private contractor was seen digging a channel through the Naya Qila Bagh to drain water out of the Naya Qila talab, in gross violation of a court order. Activists and political party members who reached the spot to stage a dharna against this illegal activity were left fuming after cops refused them entry into the Qila. When questioned, the cops said they were stationed there following a request by GHMC to man the work being carried out at the site. Boards declaring 'GHMC work under progress' were also seen dotting the bagh area.At Thursday's meeting, however, municipal officials denied having called the cops. Surprisingly, even the Golconda police had a different story to narrate. \"It was the Hyderabad Golf Association (HGA) and not GHMC that had contacted us saying they feared trouble. That is why we sent our people there,\" said Md Waheeduddin, station house officer of the Golconda police station.Interestingly, only hours ago, HGA members present at the GHMC commissioner's meeting asserted that they had no role to play in last week's digging activity at Naya Qila. Members of the elite golf club even expressed displeasure at being wrongly accused of violating norms by heritage activists.Meanwhile, GHMC claimed to have filed a police complaint to ascertain who had permitted the Naya Qila work. It, however, refused to divulge any further details on the complaint and where it was filed. Despite repeated attempts, Krishna Babu could not be reached for a comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "rameswaram", "code": "15429172", "title": "Fishermen demand release of 5 held by Sri Lankan", "text": "RAMESWARAM: Fishermen from Rameswaram have demanded the immediate release of the five fishermen held in a Sri Lankan prison on drug charges since November 2011. Families of the fishermen are holding a five-day relay fast with support from the local public, women and fishermen associations.Thangachimadam fishermen Emerson, Agustus, Wilson, Langlet and Prasad were detained by the Sri Lankan navy near Neduntheevu islet on November 28, 2011 and the Lankan police later arrested them on drug peddling charges. But fishermen leaders here said that in spite of the local investigation agencies giving a clean chit to the fishermen, the Sri Lankan court was still detaining the fishermen, remanding them after every hearing.Their family members, Lavanya wife of Emerson, Packiaselvi wife of Agustus, Shanthi wife of Wilson, Michael Sketina wife of Prasath and Langlet's mother, Infanta Sanbritto are leading a hunger fast in Thangachimadam, with more than 2,000 fishermen and local people participating. Nearly 1,200 mechanised boats and around 2,000 country boats have not ventured into the sea to express solidarity with the family members. The relay fast that started on Wednesday, will be held for five days. Gladwin, younger brother of Emerson, said that the families are undergoing untold miseries without their bread winners. \"Emerson has health complaints and needs regular medication. We want them to be released without any delay and urge the Centre to speed up the measures,\" he said. \"Till now, the fishermen associations were taking up the cause of our family members but now we have decided to come to the fore to seek justice for our loved ones. None of them are involved in any drug peddling and have been confined over false charges,\" Wilson's wife, Shanthi said.Fishermen association leaders said that both mechanised and country boat fishermen are participating in the struggle as such false cases threatened the morale of their community. \"There may be local issues among us but we are all one as fishermen. They are innocent fishermen and the families are languishing without their men. who are wrongly confined on false charges. The fishermen associations will never support anyone involved in smuggling or other illegal activities,\" S P Rayappan, president of the district country boats fishermen welfare association stated.\"These are false cases framed by the Sri Lankan government to prevent Indian fishermen in the Palk Strait. Our associations will never support anyone involved in smuggling. We are sad that none of the political leaders are taking up the cause to release the fishermen,\" B Jesuraja, district secretary of Tamil Nadu mechanised boats fishermen association said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "balangir", "code": "15426662", "title": "Four officials held for funds bungling", "text": "BALANGIR: Four officials of Nuapada's Komna block, including the BDO, were arrested for misappropriating Rs 9 lakh of MGNREGS fund. They are block development officer (BDO) Subash Chandra Singh, assistant block development officer (ABDO) Pradip Bhoi, assistant engineer (AE) Sarada Prasanna Behera and junior engineer (JE) Prabhati Dhengra.The officials were arrested following an enquiry after people complained about irregularities in road works to the Nuapada collector. \"The inquiry revealed that four officials were involved in forging documents to make false bills and embezzle MGNREGS funds. We have arrested the officials and sent them to judicial custody\", said SP (Nuapada) Umashankar Das. He said the case needed further investigation.Sources said there were names of dead persons in the job cards to avail the MGNREGS jobs resulting in genuine people getting deprived. The three road works, which were estimated at Rs 11 lakh, were never executed and Rs nine lakh was found to have been withdrawn in the name of work. Roads under the scheme were to be constructed from Kureswar Sishumandir to Tarini Mandir, from Chhutigudi to Krishna chhak, and Kureswar to NH-353.Sources said after the new Nuapada collector Punam Guha joined, some villagers of Kureswar under Komna block met the collector at her grievance cell and apprised her of the irregularities. She then asked the SP to look into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15427158", "title": "Govt drops gag clause from judicial accountability bill", "text": "NEW DELHI: The extrajudicial dicta which often generate headlines and whip reluctant authorities into action will not go away. In a significant rethink, the government has dropped a controversial gag clause in the Judicial Accountability Bill restraining the judiciary from making remarks on constitutional bodies and authorities in open court.The government has decided not to come up with a code for the judges in the bill but is instead thinking of giving statutory recognition to the Code of Conduct evolved by the judiciary to escape any future confrontation with them.Obiter dicta, or making observations not pertaining to the case at hand, has been a subject of debate. While critics say that judges make comments to play to the gallery as many such observations don't find mention in the verdict they pronounce later, judges themselves are split on the issue. Some say the questions they raise on constitutional authorities may put a misleading picture on the issue that is under consideration.Sources said the amendments have been made in the bill, which is currently pending in Rajya Sabha, and will be brought before the Union Cabinet shortly for its approval before it is tabled in the upper House . Once it is passed by RS, the bill will again be taken up for passage with amendments in Lok Sabha.Former chief justice of India, Justice J S Verma, who had drafted the code of conduct for judges and which was adopted by the Supreme Court in 1997, said since the judiciary had already adopted it, giving it statutory shape would be welcome. \"I see no other opinion on the contrary,\" said Justice Verma who was consulted by the government after the gag clause invited widespread criticism. He, however, refused to speak on the opinion he had given to the government.The Judicial Accountability Bill was passed by the Lok Sabha in the monsoon session amid protest from some members. It invited a lot of criticism, particularly from the judiciary, for its clause that restricted judges from making comments against any constitutional authority in open court.The bill provided for action against any judge liable for judicial misconduct if he made oral comments against constitutional authorities and individuals during hearing of matters.The controversial clause was included in the bill on the recommendation of the parliamentary standing committee on personnel, law and justice seeking to \"retrain judges from making unwarranted comments\".Last week, law minister Salman Khurshid had said he would go back to the Cabinet with the Judicial Standards and Accountability Bill with some minor amendments without specifying what the changes would be.He said the changes were cosmetic in nature to avoid any confrontation with the judiciary as several jurists had objected to certain provisions in the bill. \"If we are doing something good, we should not lose its sheen by even a marginal controversial provision,\" he had said.The legislation is intended to set up a mechanism to address complaints against judges of high courts and the Supreme Court while at the same time, maintain judicial independence, said a senior law ministry official. In fact, the minister held consultations with many retired judges of the apex court before firming up these suggestions.The code of conduct evolved by the judiciary, though, already provides for certain restrictions for judges such as not allowing any family member to appear before him in a case. It also debars a judge from entering into public debate on political issues or matters that are for judicial review.The code of conduct also forbids a judge to hold shares of a company for which he is hearing a case and neither should he indulge in speculating in shares or stocks of a company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15427583", "title": "Rajarhat Metro project hits land hurdle", "text": "KOLKATA: The extension of the Metro project from New Garia to Dum Dum has hit a land block at New Town, Rajarhat, where people need it most. Metro authorities found to their dismay that the land under Hidco's possession still belongs to private owners on paper.The fact came to light shortly after Rail Vikas Nigam wrote to this state-owned housing infrastructure corporation on July 5 to submit the land documents needed for construction of the Metro. While conducting a search at the block land and land reforms office (BLLRO), Rajarhat, Hidco authorities stumbled upon the records that still display the names of private landowners in as many as six mouzas though they have been paid the land price during land acquisition.Meet Feroza Bibi of Noapara who claims to have land documents of the one-and-a-half cottah land opposite City Centre II. \"The government acquired my plot and paid Rs 8,600 as compensation for a cottah. When I asked for rehabilitation, the government offered me a one-cottah plot at Raipara, at a stone's throw from my original plot, at Rs 9,000 a cottah. I purchased the plot but could not take possession as of the land.locals there drove us out of the Raipara plot when I went there,\" said Feroza. Her neighbour Rekha Manna had a similar story. \"I bought the Raipara plot but was assaulted by locals who wouldn't allow me to settle there. They beat me up when I was performing the bhoomi puja in 2011. I approached the Hidco authorities, but to no avail,\" Rekha said.Some of these landowners allegedly have a nexus with local land developers and land officials and have been paying the khazna (land rent) to the local BLLRO to establish their claim over the plot that comes under the Metro route. The purpose, Hidco officials pointed out, is to extract money from authorities. In fact, private land owners in the area have resorted to such arm twisting earlier.Johur Ali is a case in point. Johur claims to be the owner of the 10 decimals Rajarhat plot, a part of the selected site for the upcoming Eco Park. His status is slightly different from Feroza Bibi and her neighbour.The government acquired Johur Ali's land, but he refused the compensation money like some of the farmers did in Singur. Ali claims that the land belongs to him and he is paying the khazna for the land on a regular basis.According to land department officials, the reason is simple. \"Properties including land may change hands. But the land records office won't recognise the new owner (government or private) without mutation of the transferred property. We will go by our records,\" a land official said. Fact is that land transfer in most cases in Rajarhat is yet to be entered in government records even after a government agency has taken possession of the land after paying off the owners. But the mutation process got delayed due to lack of monitoring on Hidco's part.The Hidco authorities became aware of the problem when a family claiming to be bonafide owners of the five-acre Rajarhat land that houses Rabi Tirtha identified to house of the Rabi Tirtha project staged a dharna in front of it at the Rabi Tirtha project site since Monday morning, a day before the CM went there to inaugurate the project. The stir was called off on Monday night after state urban development minister Firhad Hakim assured the family to look into the matter. Sensing trouble, Hakim asked the HIDCO authorities to scrutinise papers of the land already under Hidco.Hidco officials have now stumbled upon the paperwork. The focus is mainly on six Rajarhat mouzas - Mahishgot, Thakdari, Jatragachhi, Ghuni, Rekjuyani and Noapara - where the land is under Hidco's possession though some of the land records are not updated as yet.\"Some of them may continue to pay khazna. But that doesn't establish their claim because the land has already been acquired. Paying khazna for an acquired land is illegal,\" said Hidco chairman Debashis Sen. The chairman pointed that the family that staged a stir at the Rabi Tirtha site on Monday stays at Canning in South 24-Parganas. \"This Mandal family has never made such claims before. The only paper the family is flaunting now is a petition it made to the court, not even a court order, way back in 1953. All these plots are vested land and can't be reverted to the so-called owners,\" Sen said. He, however, admitted that the confusion over certain plots is because of some procedural delays over mutation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15426342", "title": "Indore Municipal Corporation council passes 17 proposals in 5 minutes flat", "text": "INDORE: The BJP-ruled council of Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) passed 17 proposals at a meeting on water, drainage, storm water line, gardens, education and construction of bridges and culverts etc in five minutes flat on Thursday amid pandemonium in the meeting over demand for discussions on proposals.The session of council lasted only for 40 minutes out of which around 20 minutes were devoted to paying tributes to Rajesh Khanna , Dara Singh and Prabhakar Joshi while only five minutes were devoted to pass the important proposals.After paying the tribute, the meeting was adjourned for five minutes and then began with a demand for question hour from the opposition bench, which was denied by the chairman citing rules.\"Suspended House cannot have a question hour session,\" chairman of the House Rajendra Rathod said, assuring that from next time he will kept separate time for the question hour. Chairman had suspended the House for five minutes after paying the tribute. \"The demand made by the opposition was not in accordance with the rule of the house,\" Rathod said.The argument failed to satisfy opposition and they created ruckus and surrounded the chairman. Subsequently, the chairman passed 17 proposals listed in the work list with majority without any discussion in just five minutes.On the other hand, leader of opposition Abhay Verma blames that it was a ploy by the ruling party to avoid discussion. \"Firstly, chairman suspended the house without any reason and then they argued that discussion cannot held in the suspended house as per the rule,\" said Verma adding that there were proposals like water and cancellation of contract of a private company.Mayor Krishnamurari Moghe said opposition does not have any argument and they do not want to enter into any discussion. They created pandemonium in the house, she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "15428612", "title": "Wisconsin court issues summons to Badal over rights violations", "text": "JALANDHAR: A Wisconsin court in America has issued summons to Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal, who is currently visiting the US, on a lawsuit filed by Sikhs for Justice (SFJ), a human rights group, and Shiromani Akali Dal (Amritsar).The lawsuit accuses Badal of allegedly shielding police officers, who it claims are responsible for extra-judicial killings in Punjab.The summons for Badal have been issued by district court for the eastern district of Wisconsin on August 8, giving him 21 days to answer the charges of torture, practice of impunity to police officers responsible for extra-judicial killings and continuous human rights violations of Sikhs in Punjab.The lawsuit has alleged that during Badal's tenure (from 1997 to 2002 and from 2007 till date) there have been several hundred cases of extra-judicial killings, police tortures and human rights violations, but not even a single police officer in charge and responsible for the such killings has been investigated or prosecuted by the Badal administration.The lawsuit has also questioned Punjab government's decision to appoint Sumedh Singh Saini as the DGP of the state police department.The lawsuit has also cited the recent killings of four youths in Punjab namely Jaspal Singh in 2012, Sohan Singh in 2011, Shaminder Singh Shera in 2011 and Darshan Singh in 2009 as extra-judicial.SFJ legal advisor Gurpatwant Singh Pannun alleged that Badal was not only protecting the past acts of police torture and extra-judicial killings committed during 1984-1997, but also continuing with blatant human rights violations and acts of torture by police and other security forces under his command.Three activists of SAD (Amritsar) -- Jeet Singh, his wife Gurdeep Kaur and Jagtar Singh -- are also among the petitioners. All three have alleged in the lawsuit that they were tortured in police custody at various times during Badal's regime in Punjab.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15427691", "title": "Rollback on blanket ban on depiction of smoking in films", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Union health ministry has rolled back its original call for a blanket ban on the depiction of smoking in films.The ministry has said that \"a smoking scene might be needed for creative licence\", and won't ask directors against depicting such scenes, \"if absolutely required\".The ministry has asked its counterparts in the information and broadcasting ministry to make the actor who smokes in the film (all new films) to record a health message himself saying, \"he does not support smoking but is doing so because the script requires it\", and the message would have to run before the film starts and during the interval.The proposal, however, has been shot down by the I&B; ministry who have suggested that \"instead of asking the actor to record such a message, a generic anti-smoking clip involving a renowned sportsperson could be run\".\"We would have liked it more if the actor himself gave out the anti-smoking message,\" a health ministry official told TOI.The I&B; ministry has also shot down the health ministry's suggestion to allow a health official to be part of the Censor Board.\"Both I&B; and us have reached an agreement regarding depiction of smoking in films. For all new films, a voiceover and a disclaimer needs to be run before the film. For old and foreign films, a scroll needs to be run besides an anti-smoking clip by a renowned person. We will notify new requirements next week,\" a health ministry official said.India is all set to notify the new pictorial warning for cigarette packs next week.Instead of the controversial picture, which looks more like English footballer John Terry, the new picture \u2014 a torso with a diseased lung \u2014 will have to be used.Interestingly, the image belongs to the Thai government. \"We have received permission from the government of Thailand allowing us to use the image because both India and Thailand are signatories of the WHO Framework Convention on Tobacco Control (FCTC),\" a health ministry official said.Anti-tobacco campaigners HRIDAY say depiction of smoking scenes in films is a matter of grave concern as studies show a strong association between teenage smoking and portrayal of smoking in films. In a study conducted by HRIDAY \u2014 for assessing tobacco use status vis-a-vis exposure to tobacco use in Bollywood films \u2014 it had found that students who are highly exposed to tobacco use occurrences in movies have more than twice the risk of being a tobacco user as compared to those with low exposure.India is the world's largest producer of movies, with more than 1,000 films being made in several languages annually. A study conducted by the World Health Organization (WHO) and the health ministry had revealed that 76% of Indian movies showed tobacco use.Recently Shah Rukh Khan, a known smoker, received a letter from anti-smoking activists explaining how quitting will help him like in 20 minutes blood pressure, pulse rate and body temperature returns to normal; in eight hours, carbon monoxide levels in blood drops; in 24 hours chances of heart attack decreases, and in 48 hours nerve endings start growing. Also, in two weeks, blood circulation improves, and in one-nine months lungs clear.In India, 2,500 people die daily due to tobacco use. About 250 million people across the country use tobacco products like gutkha, cigarettes and bidis.The health ministry says 40% of health problems stems from tobacco use. Tobacco will be responsible for 13% of all deaths in India. Studies suggest that more than 38.4million bidi and 13.2million cigarette smokers may die prematurely because of their addiction. Only 2% of Indian smokers quit successfully.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "15427653", "title": "Infant mortality rising in Amravati", "text": "AMRAVATI: The infant and maternal mortality rate is increasing in the district. A recent study, done by various NGOs, shows that from April 2011 to March 2012, there were 391 still births and 764 infant deaths. The fact which is unsettling is that all these deaths have been reported from the district's non-tribal zone.Earlier, it was Melghat which had been in focus for malnutrition deaths and infant mortality but now it seems the whole district is in the grip of a deteriorating health scenario. The NGOs working here fear that if the state of affairs remains so, very soon the district will the get the nefarious distinction of being 'capital of infant deaths'.The non-tribal belt of the district seems to have overtaken the tribal belt in the number of cases of child deaths. Of the 1,183 cases, 764 have been reported from the non-tribal areas. 419 deaths were reported from Dharni and Chikhaldara the tribal dominated tehsils of the district. 100 infant deaths were reported from Chandur Bazaar tehsil while 60 still births were reported from Achaplur. Poor medical facility and lack of awareness about the various medical facilities are the main reasons behind the increase in child deaths.The NGOs held a demonstration before the collectorate to highlight the situation. Every year the death toll increases during the monsoon. Bad roads prevent the medical flying squads, set up by the government, from reaching the interiors. Also, the 22 flying squads in the Melghat region have stopped functioning. NGOs said that it is because the vehicles provided to the flying squad are in bad condition.The NGOs have submitted a memorandum to the resident deputy collector. They have demanded an increase in the number of doctors in the flying squad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15428870", "title": "Militants trigger IED blasts in Sivasagar, Goalpara", "text": "GUWAHATI: Suspected Ulfa militants of the anti-talks faction on Thursday triggered two IED explosions, targeting security forces, in Sivasagar and Goalpara districts.The rebels targeted a CRPF convoy in Goalpara district but two vehicles of the force survived the blast and no one was hurt. The other blast took place at Charaideo in Sivasagar, minutes before security forces arrived in the area to take stock of the situation after a bullet-riddled body was found there. Police said the bomb was attached to an electric pole and exploded in front of security forces. However, no one was hurt. Police added that the IED was triggered from a hill at Khardong under Krishnai police station at 2 pm.On Tuesday, an IED was found at Haldapara in Goalpara district, a few kms away from the site of the July 31 blast, triggered by the anti-talks faction Ulfa, killing an army jawan and injuring six others.Thursday's IED blasts occurred a couple of hours before the new chairman of Ulfa's anti-talks faction, Abhizeet 'Asom', issued a statement where he pledged to work for \"establishment of Assam as a sovereign nation.\" The new chairman, who was working as an acting chairman for over an year, took charge of the outfit on Wednesday, replacing Arabinda Rajkhowa, who has been ousted from the faction.The new head of Ulfa hardliners stated, \"The armed wing of my organization has the responsibility of defending the interest of Assam and the Assamese. Our armed cadres will use all means for self defence in line with international norms.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "gurdaspur (punjab)", "code": "15432439", "title": "Toll in Gurdaspur hooch tragedy mounts to 18", "text": "Gurdaspur (Punjab): With the death of one more person, the toll in the hooch tragedy in the district has mounted to 18, police said today.32-year-old Ved Parkash died in Kandial colony in Batala last night after he consumed illicit liquor.Yesterday, Gareeb Dass, a resident of Shahabad village, died after consuming hooch while two persons were referred to Guru Nanak Dev Hospital at Amritsar.While 11 people died in Johal Nangal and Balewal villages of the district after consuming illicit liquor, four persons were killed in Kutbi Nangal village after consuming illicit liquor earlier this week.Police have conducted surprise raids on the hideouts of illicit liquor sellers and arrested seven persons including three women and recovered huge quantity of illicit liquor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "15432957", "title": "US first secretary, political attends bhog of Akhand Path, held in memory of Wisconsin Gurdwara victims", "text": "AMRITSAR: Representative of US ambassador to India Nancy Powell, First Secretary,Political , Chad A Thornberry arrived at Golden Temple on Friday to attend the bhog ceremony of Akhand Path recited in memory of 6 Sikhs who were killed and others who were injured in Wisconsin Gurdwara shoot out incident.Expressing condolences towards the bereaved families of victims of tragedy he said US administration would do everything to ensure safety of Sikhs in US. He also hailed Sikh's contribution in the development of America. He said Powell had assured SGPC president Avtar Singh Makkar to conduct in depth probe into the incident.He said US administration shared the feelings of Sikhs while adding that every possible measure would be taken to instill a sense of security among US Sikhs. He said to honour the victims, the US administration had ordered American flags to be flown at half mast in all US government buildings and its diplomatic missions overseas till August 10.Earlier Nancy Powell had visited Gurdwara Bangla Sahib, Delhi to offer prayers to assuage the hurt feelings of Sikhs.While expressing gratitude towards Obama administration for its quick action during Wisconsin Gurdwara shoot out , SGPC president Avtar Singh Makkar said \"US administration has done its best to assuage the hurt feeling of Sikhs \".He expressed hope that US administration would soon complete the probe in the incident. Meanwhile Jathedar of Akal Takht Giani Gurbachan Singh said that SGPC had decided to honour police officer Brian Murphy who took nine bullets during the shoot out and Wisconscin Gurdwara president Satwant Singh Kaleka with Gold Medals for their heroic acts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15426945", "title": "State ban on Bt cotton seeds sold by Mahyco", "text": "MUMBAI: Confirming the widespread doubts in the Indian farming community about the efficiency of genetically modified cotton seeds, the Maharashtra government has banned the sale and distribution of Bt cotton seeds by a US multinational giant.The state announced its decision after Mahyco, the Maharashtra-based partner of the Monsanto group, failed its appeal against a show-cause notice. The company was served a notice over allegations of hoarding and over-pricing.Mahyco accounts for 5% of the total demand of 165 lakh seed packets supplied to farmers annually.\"The order will come into effect on an immediate basis,\" said agriculture minister Radhakrishna Vikhe-Patil.In the past, several independent studies have connected a spate of farmers' suicides in the state to Bt, which has allegedly been causing \"crop failure\", resulting in a loss of Rs 2,000 crore annually. Bt, which has been allowed an experimental-basis cultivation of (bollworm-resistant ) GM cotton on 10,000 hectares across the country since 2005, is used in 27cotton-growing regions of Maharashtra.Several states, including Maharashtra, had also allowed commercial cultivation trials in rain-fed cotton-growing regions, which led to an agrarian crisis of sorts with increased cost and stagnant yield. The black-marketing of seeds became widespread in the state, leading to financial debts for farmers. The Bt also proved to be more expensive than the use of traditional seeds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15428066", "title": "Security at courts remains slack", "text": "LUCKNOW: Even after four bomb-like objects were recovered on the civil court premises on Thursday morning, no massive security arrangements were put in place later. Only a few civil police personnel were deployed at each entrance of the court.Unlike the metal detectors and hidden cameras installed in the high court, no such precautions have been taken in the civil court, even though the court witnessed a terror strike in 2007.People were seen walking to and fro in the court without any checking. No monitoring was done on the handbags and packets being carried by visitors. \"The security outside the court does not indicate that some bomb-like objects were found. It seems to be just another day,\" said Jagannath Prasad, a litigant.Although the bomb-like objects were said to be a work of mischief-mongers, they created panic on the court premises. Amid confusion and chaos people questioned the slackness shown by the civil police. \"When will the government start taking these bomb scares seriously,\" asked Saurav Khattri, a working professional.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15426131", "title": "Flood relief to 17 districts hiked", "text": "BHOPAL: For flood relief in 17 districts, the state government on Thursday announced an additional relief of Rs 8.18 crore, taking the total financial aid sanctioned so far to Rs 13.18 crore.Sidhi, Indore, Sehore, Burhanpur, Harda, Dewas, Katni, Khargone, Hoshangabad, Seoni, Vidisha, Jabalpur, Rewa, Damoh, Chhindwara, Singrauli and Khandwa were affected by flood caused due to incessant rains in the past few days.A maximum assistance of Rs 2.80 crore has been allocated for Sehore district where 96 villages were affected due to heavy rains, according to an official release. The release said Rs 1.50 crore has been sanctioned for Dewas district, Rs 50 lakh for Vidisha and Rewa, Rs 60 lakh for Harda, Rs 40 lakh for Indore, Rs 10 lakh each for Sidhi and Jabalpur, Rs 35 lakh for Khandwa, Rs 24 lakh for Singrauli, Rs 22 lakh for Chhindwara, Rs 12 lakh for Seoni and Rs 20 lakh for Khargone districts.The state government had already sanctioned advanced relief of Rs 5 crore for the flood-affected districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15427685", "title": "Extend August 31 deadline for 2G auction, Centre tells SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre on Thursday moved the Supreme Court seeking a three-month extension of the August 31 deadline for auction of cancelled 2G spectrum licences on the ground that it would allow sufficient time to bidders to participate effectively to achieve the objective of garnering actual market price.It said the redrawn process for auction of 122 spectrum licences, which were cancelled by the apex court in its February 2 judgment, provided for only 97 days whereas the similar process for auction of 3G spectrum licences in 2010 took 542 days.The court had on February 2 asked the government to auction the cancelled licences within four months, thus putting a deadline of June 2 for completion of the process. However, the Centre requested for more time and the court allowed it to do the needful by August 31. It also allowed holders of the cancelled licences to continue services till September 7.Given the fact that the government appointed Times Internet Ltd as the auctioneer only on August 6, the department of telecom moved a fresh application seeking time till November 11 for completion of the auction process and 40 more days for allocation of spectrum and licences to successful bidders.The department of telecom, in its application, said the government was \"fully and irrevocably committed to implementation of the judgment and orders of the Supreme Court\" but detailed the complex process to seek more time for the auction.\"Enough time needs to be given to the bidders to enable them to take all necessary steps to participate effectively in the auction including raising of funds/resources, obtaining internal approvals etc. Only if sufficient time is provided in respect of the above, effective participation and proper discovery of market price of spectrum would result,\" the DoT said.\"In the absence of adequate time, the objectives laid down by the Supreme Court for allocating spectrum through auction at market prices may not be fully achieved and the government of India revenues may be impacted adversely,\" it added.\"The assignment of frequencies will take place only after the licences have been granted/amendments have been carried out. It is estimated that this process of grant of licence/amendment of licence and assignment of frequencies may take 40 days following the completion of auction,\" the DoT said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15431488", "title": "Google fined $22.5m for user privacy violation", "text": "WASHINGTON: Internet search giant Google has agreed to pay a 22.5 million dollars fine to settle charges with US regulators that it bypassed the privacy settings of customers using Apple's Safari browser.The firm agreed to pay the heavy fine imposed by the US Federal Trade Commission , after it emerged that the firm monitored web surfers using Apple's Safari browser who had a 'do not track' privacy setting selected.This is the largest fine ever imposed on a single company by the FTC, the BBC reports.The government agency launched its inquiry after a Stanford University researcher noticed the issue while studying targeted advertising.He revealed that Google was exploiting a loophole that let its cookies be installed via adverts on popular websites, even if users' browsers' preferences had been set to reject them.This allowed the firm to track people's web-use habits even if they had not given it permission to do so.According to the report, Google said no 'personal information', such as names or credit card data, had been collected, and that the action had been inadvertent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15429206", "title": "Clashes erupt over quarry closures", "text": "TRICHY: Ever since four sand quarries were shut down in Trichy district from August 4 following a high court directive, sand has become dearer and even if one were to pay a premium, the scramble for the commodity has led to alarming group clashes reviving the locals versus the outsiders issue all over again. On Tuesday, the local Thiruvanaikovil truck owners detained a few hundred 'outsider trucks' saying that they had to await their turn for more than two days because of them.Prior to the court directive, a total of 49 official sand quarries were operating on the Cauvery and Kollidam rivers from Karur to Nagapattinam. There are only 18 in operation now, six in Trichy and seven in Karur were closed down after the court order. There are only two quarries that are now allowed to operate at Kondayampettai and Kilikkoodu on the Kollidam river bed in Trichy and hence the sudden scramble.A public works department (PWD) official, who did not want to be named, said that the business of sand quarrying was taking place transparently. Since every stakeholder in the lucrative but dangerous business aims for a bigger share in profit, the trouble starts and then the bogey of price increase is raised particularly from the builders' lobby, he added.Interestingly, truck owners, both locals and outsiders, willingly buy the sand at a premium from the permitted second sale points, thereby indirectly encouraging hoarding, and later the same people make a hue and cry about the doubling of the sand price, the official said. Moreover, the government does not have control over the second sale points and its primary duty is to oversee if the sand is supplied at Rs 321 a unit on the basis of the rotation of the queue. Two units make a load earning the government a revenue of Rs 624 minus the loading cost of Rs 184 that goes to the excavator-contractor.Meanwhile, the local truck owners said that while they paid Rs 624 for a two unit load (consisting of six scoops), they were forced to buy the rest (four more scoops), at a whopping Rs 1200, thereby making the truck load soar to a cost price of Rs 1,850. That they could sell a load for up to Rs 4,500 and the calculation of how much the private contractor would profit from the second sales are beside the point.The PWD official said that about 7,000 trucks would be loaded on any given day in the recent past and now it has been drastically reduced to less than 1,500 lorries. As a result, the rates at the second sale outlets have doubled, the depth of quarrying goes deeper than the stipulated three metres at some points going to a depth of even 50 feet and the process of lobbying for obtaining the mandatory environmental clearance has intensified.As transporting small quantities by trucks to a certain distance is not economically viable, the truck owners are forced buy sand from the second sales outlet that would inevitably erode their profit margin. On the contrary, the construction engineers have expressed apprehension that the sand price might escalate further in the days to come going up to even Rs 7,000 a load and the situation has spawned cart loading in an unprecedented way leading to traffic woes in the morning rush hours.Since the government does not have infrastructure, manpower, network and the much-needed fleet of trucks, the only way to contain the looting of the river bank is start a 'Sand Transport Corporation' and bring the entire operation under the government control, said a PWD official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15427474", "title": "New auto permits: Notice likely by next week", "text": "NEW DELHI: Several months after the Supreme Court gave the go-ahead for more autorickshaw permits in the city, the Delhi government is still negotiating the installation of GPS with autorickshaw unions, which have now demanded a fare hike.Sources in the transport department said that the government was now considering issuing the new permits, irrespective of a decision on installation of GPS in older TSRs.A senior official said, \"The public notice for the new permits will be out before August 15. Initially, 10,000 permits will be issued in the first phase.\" The decision to start the issuance of permits comes after a nod from the chief minister's office, said an official.\"The permits will be given out 30 days after the notice is out,\" a government official said. As proposed earlier, permits will be given only to those applicants who have a valid driving license. Only one permit will be issued to each person, and women will be given preference. The permits will be for TSRs that are already installed with GPS-enabled fare meters. Transport department can issue a total of 45,000 new permits. The Supreme Court, however, has given an opportunity to the department to approach the court for more permits, if required.Meanwhile, representatives of the autorickshaw unions met senior transport officials on Thursday to sort out the fare hike issue. An official said, \"The unions are demanding a hike of over 50% \u2014 citing hike in CNG prices as well as of TSR spare parts. The department will look into the demands before taking a decision.\" Till now, the transport department has been consistently denying any hike in TSR fares.According to an official, the department had calculated that the actual increase in prices due to the CNG hike was minuscule. \"On average, an auto gives a mileage of 30km/litre on CNG, which works out to be less than an increase of Re 1 for TSRs because of the hike,\" he added. The department is yet to come to a decision over GPS installation in older TSRs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15426405", "title": "Jaipur-Secunderabad Special extended till August 11", "text": "INDORE: Owing to demand from the passengers, train number 09736/09735 Jaipur-Secunderabad special has been extended till August 11 from Jaipur and August 13 from Secunderabad, informed the PRO Pradeep Sharma, adding that the train was to run till July 30.Therefore, the 09736 Jaipur-Secunderabad special will leave Jaipur at 21.10 and reach Nagda 3.55, 6.15 Ujjain, 8.22 Shujalpur, 8.52 Sehore, and 9.40 Bhopal and will reach Secunderabad on August 13 at 3.55. The return train 09735 will leave Secunderabad at 23.55 and reach Bhopal at 18.50, 19.01 Sehore, 19.42 Shujalpur, 21.25 Ujjain and reach Jaipur on August 15 at 6.15 via Nagda, informed the PRO. The train will halt at Durgapur, Vanasthali Niwai, Sawaimadhopur, Kota, Nagda, Ujjain, Shujalpur, Sehore, Bhopal, Itarsi, Nagpur, Ballarshah, Sirpur Kagajnagar, Belampalli, Macheriyal, Ramagundam and Khimel stations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15427633", "title": "Second-hand car, first-hand trouble", "text": "NAGPUR: Next time if you plan to buy a second hand car even from a reputed agency, think twice. It may land you in immense trouble like Rajesh Bobde whose car was hauled away by Bank of Maharashtra authorities under false accusations.Bobde, a resident of Friends Colony, Bobde had purchased a Maruti Suzuki Alto from True Value Maruti Dealership, Kamptee Road, in October 2007 with all the documents including the registration certificate (RC) and insurance papers in order. He even paid the entire amount of Rs2.60 lakh at one go.However, on July 1 this year, the bank officials arrived at his residence to claim the car, alleging that the loan on the car had not been paid. Though perplexed by this accusation, Bobde allowed the officials to take away his car as he did not want to create a scene in front of neighbours.The next day, when he tried to register an FIR at Gittikhadan police station, the cops refused to do so. \"Though it was clearly a criminal case of forgery, the police refused to handle it and tried to passed the buck to the judiciary,\" informed Bobde. In the subsequent days, he had to make several trips to the bank's Itwari branch, the dealer and the Regional Transport Office, but all in vain.After a few days, he learnt that the previous owner of the car Mustaq Ahmed Qureshi had acquired a no objection certificate (NOC) for the sale of the car without paying the whole amount. Bobde alleged that the NOC was provided by Bank of Maharashtra as Qureshi was an employee there. He later sold the vehicle to True Value. The bank authorities and the outlet's manager were blank when questioned by Bobde how the NOC was made without the whole payment of the loan.\"I had all the required documents of the car in my name and no mention of such a loan is present on the RC obtained from RTO. The authorities had no jurisdiction to confiscate my vehicle as it was not my fault. The wrong doings of others has caused me severe hardships as I had to run pillar to post to get back my car.\"After getting the copy of the original NOC, Bobde informed the bank officials and the company's manager about the fraud done by the previous owner. Even after this, the car was not released to him for nearly 10 days. Bobde finally took the certificates to the police, who took a written statement from him regarding the settlement of the matter. A compromise was reached with the Bank of Maharashtra officials who agreed to return the vehicle.BoM branch manager NT Gokhale, who had asked Bobde to hand over his car, denied that such an incident had taken place and refuse to give any comments. True Value general manager Ravi Joshi blamed BoM and said, \"Our dealership is not at fault here as we were provided with the documents which were passed by the bank authorities. It is puzzling to see how a false NOC was made and passed by the Bank authorities.\"Gittikhadan police station police inspector CM Bahadure also refused to take the responsibility by saying, \"This matter does not concern the police and the complainant should take the matter to the court.\"(With inputs from Aman Bordia and Manka Behl)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15427888", "title": "Kanhan plant failures lead to water shortage", "text": "NAGPUR: In spite of commissioning of a new water treatment plant (WTP) at Kanhan, water shortage continues to affect north and east Nagpur. Though the plant was provided with a generator backup, it is non-functional. As a result, whenever power is cut off even for a minute, it takes five to six hours to normalize the water supply.CPI leader Jammu Anand pointed out that since last few days the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) overhead tanks in east and north Nagpur did not have adequate water level. \"As a result, areas catered by them were receiving very little water,\" he said.\"NMC had installed a management information system for water distribution (MISWD) at the cost of Rs5 crore for monitoring the water level of its overhead tanks. It is installed in the room next to municipal commissioner's chamber. Neither the NMC officials nor the office-bearers use it,\" he said.Anand further said when NMC was not able to fill up the existing water tanks how would it cater to 20 more tanks that are supposed to be commissioned by December. \"The capacity of Kanhan plant is more than required. On an average it can't pump more than 170 million litres per day (MLD) against its capacity of 240 MLD because Kanhan river does not have that much water,\" he pointed out.Rat disrupts supply for three days!A few days ago electric supply to Kanhan plant was disrupted and it took three days for OCWL to completely normalize water supply in north and east Nagpur. A MSEDCL official said that a mouse had entered a power distribution box while trying to escape from a snake following it. Both the rat and the snake were electrocuted. This led to a cable fault, disrupting power supply, the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15428326", "title": "D G Vanzara constructing temple in Sabarmati Central Jail!", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Suspended cop D G Vanzara is not just busy celebrating festivals and writing poems in jail. The cop, who is an accused in Sohrabuddin Shaikh fake encounter case, has started constructing a temple on his own in Sabarmati Central Jail, where he is lodged for over five years.A co-accused in the case, suspended IPS officer Rajkumar Pandian has objected to Vanzara's move and questioned jail authorities for allowing him to build the temple.In an 18-page application filed to jail superintendent R J Pargi last month, Pandian wrote that Vanzara had brought two loading auto-rickshaws with construction material including glaze tiles in June. He has also accused the jail authorities of supplying labourers for construction of the temple inside the historic Sardar Yard.After highlighting the alleged illegalities, Pandian sought information under the information laws that whether construction of temples by an inmate was permitted inside jail campus as per the jail manual.Pandian has gone a step further to seek details about all existing religious structures in the jail premises and under what law they are being maintained. He has questioned whether the jail authority can assist any inmate in constructing religious place in prison and that whether Vanzara was granted any permission to build a temple.The two officers have been at loggerheads for sometime now with Pandian even accusing Vanzara of a physical assault recently. Pandian has also accused the jail authorities of going out of the way to allow Vanzara to meet his lawyers and family members after meeting hours.Accusing the jail officials of providing special treatment illegally to \"rich and VIP prisoners\", the suspended SP has sought information whether it is permissible as per jail manual.After jail officials did not reply to his application, Pandian complained about this before the CBI court.In a reply filed before the court on Thursday, jail officials claimed that Pandian was not telling truth. They even put up a lame excuse that they were not in receipt of the application.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "15429301", "title": "Arunachal, Meghalaya chief ministers attend 4th North East Cultural Festival", "text": "ITANAGAR: The chief ministers of Meghalaya and Arunachal Pradesh Mukul Sangma and Nabam Tuki attended the 4th North East Cultural Festival at Naharlagun near Itanagar on Wednesday. While Mukul suggested organizing a northeast carnival to showcase the rich cultural heritage of the region globally, Tuki exhorted the youths to univocally discourage anti-social elements, who are trying to dislodge the social fabric and disrupt law and order in the northeast.\"It is high time that all the northeastern states come together to showcase the rich cultural heritage of the region,\" he said while inaugurating the festival at Rajiv Gandhi Stadium in Naharlagun on Wednesday.Calling the region a 'storehouse' of vibrant cultural diversity, Sangma stressed on the preservation of traditional values that the people inherited from their forefathers. \"We are proud of our rich cultural heritage and values. Efforts should be made not to dilute our traditional songs and dances,\" he said.He said festivals of regional importance not only unite people, but also provide them with an opportunity to showcase their strength for economic growth. \"The youths of the region are talented enough to compete in diverse fields, but the onus lies with the respective state governments to create proper environment to exploit their potentials,\" Sangma said.Arunachal CM Nabam Tuki said, \"We must stand united and discourage anti-social elements so that our beautiful northeast, which is one of the favourite tourist destinations in the country, does not become a second Kashmir.\"\"The youth force can never be undermined. Instead every government must evolve and facilitate ways to channelize this massive youth power. When the power of youths increases, the potential of a society or country also increases. The duty of elders as well as that of governments is to ensure that this power is not misused,\" he added.\"Our youths have exhibited their potential not only in sports, but also in other fields. From singing, dancing, art, education and games, our youths have excelled in all. While boxing, martial arts, archery, football and weightlifting have become our forte, youths of the region have also carved a niche in other art forms,\" Tuki pointed out.He said as per the new state policy, his government will provide an amount of Rs 25 lakh to those sportsmen who participate in Olympics and the amount will be increased to one crore if they win any medal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "15429641", "title": "HC revokes suspension of radiologists", "text": "JODHPUR: Imposing an interim stay on the Medical Council of Rajasthan's (MCR) order to suspend the practice of radiologists in sonography centers under the Pre-Conception Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques Act (PCPNDT), the Rajasthan high court ordered it to reinstate over a dozen radiologists and release their sonography machines seized by the council.According to government counsel Pradhyuman Singh, many sonography centers were found violating PCPNDT Act during inspections by authorities. \"During inspections, many centers were found violating rules like not wearing apron, not maintaining records as mandated by the Act,\" Singh said.Imposing an interim stay on the Medical Council of Rajasthan's (MCR) order tosuspendthe practiceof radiologists in sonography centers under the Pre-Conception Pre-N atal Diagnostic Techniques Act (PCPNDT), the Rajasthan high court ordered it to reinstate over a dozen radiologists and release their sonography machines seized by the council.The cases were then referredtotheMCR ,which suspended the radiologists from practice and seized the machines at a number of places across the state.But about a dozen affected radiologists from Shriganganagar , Hanumangarh , Banswara and Jalore challenged the decision of the MCR in the high court and pleaded that the action of the MCR is not legitimate. They argued that the quorum of the MCR in the meeting to decide this action , was not complete.Counsel of two such plaintiffs , PS Bhati argued in the court that the MCR did not followed the procedure in this action and also did not see the gravity of the violation. \"The MCR just mechanically invoked the act without going into the gravity of the violations and took extreme step for minor violations\" , he argued.Hearing both the sides, Justice Sangeet Lodha then stayed the decision of the MCR and ordered to reinstate all these suspended radiologists and release the seized sonography machines.Singh said that this is just a small number as a large number of radiologists had been suspended from practice and machines were seized during the campaign. They will now come to the court to seek stay on their suspension. \"About 12 such application have been moved in the court on Thursday itself \", Singh added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15426644", "title": "Let there be light on Krishna\u2019s birthday", "text": "GURGAON: Fearing power cuts, organizers of Janamashtami festivities in the city are relying on heavy duty DG sets as back-up for Friday.The city will have spectacular events such as the one in Gymkhana Club, Unitech Patio Club, Epicentre, Palms Club, and DLF Club. On Friday, every temple in the city will have a separate function where devotees will celebrate the birth of Lord Krishna. \"The main function begins post- evening when a power cut is likely to ruin the function,\" said an organizer in Sector 23.At Sector 5 Sai Temple, which runs on the trust of residents, has arranged generator sets to make sure nothing goes wrong on Friday. \"We have kept the generators just in case there is an emergency. We do have an inverter just in case there's a power cut,\" said Sapra, a trustee of Sai Temple.The power back-up is a must for sustaining the electrical decorations and the special section made for children. The biggest event in Gurgaon will be held in Shri Prem Mandir on old Railway Road, where the organizers have included joy rides for children, in addition to religious tableaux. \"All these arrangements take up a load of approximately 100KV, for which a commercial generator set has been deployed,\" said an organizer of the event.The organizers of small functions too are worried about the power cuts. \"We have planned a small function on Friday for which we have hired a 20KV DG set. This will be activated only if the power goes off even as we hope there will be no power cut in the evening,\" said Sharad Gupta, a resident of Sector 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15429564", "title": "Fly into future on triangular jet", "text": "WASHINGTON: A new triangular 'passenger plane' of the future is ready and has already undergone test flights.The super plane so far only codenamed 'X-48 C' is the brainchild of the US space agency Nasa which is developing it in collaboration with aviation major Boeing . Nasa said it has successfully demonstrated a working prototype and took a scale replica for a 'test-fly' , the agency said.But the aircraft which Nasa hopes will become a dominant design within the next 20 years, may come as disappointment for travellers who insist on window seats.The triangular plane sacrifices window seats for increased capacity and higher fuel efficiency.Nasa engineers said that test flights on the aircraft built in UK would continue throughout 2012.The new X-48 C is a 'hybridwinged body' plane which offers more internal volume for passengers and cargo and the triangle shaped plane is reminiscent of spy planes, which cuts through the air more efficiently. Nasa conceits that the plane could be developed in the next 15-20 years for potentially consumer flights as well as for military applications.The X-48 C retains most dimensions of the earlier models, with a wingspan just longer than 20 feet, and a weight of about 227 kg. It has an estimated top speed of about 225 kmph, and a maximum altitude of 10,000 feet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15427777", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation yet to ensure equal water for all", "text": "NAGPUR: On December 10, 2011, Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) had in writing assured to provide equal water distribution all over the city by January 2012. Seven months after that deadline the situation has not improved even during the rainy season.The NMC had given the assurance in writing to put an end to the indefinite hunger strike launched by the then NCP group leader in the NMC Vedprakash Arya and corporator Manoj Sangole. The agitation was launched following discrimination in water supply between West-South-West Nagpur where the supply is relatively higher and East-North-South Nagpur where it is less.Condemning NMC's failure to keep its word, Arya told TOI that the areas in East and North Nagpur were facing water shortage even during rainy season. \"Water supply is still at low pressure and provided just one to hours in a day. Only now the supply is daily instead of every alternate day. West and South-West Nagpur are supplied at high pressure for 5-8 hours a day. Some areas here are even getting round the clock water supply,\" he said.A senior NMC official said the equal water distribution will start once the new overhead water tanks become operational. \"Several of 24 new tanks planned were expected to become operational by January but got delayed. Two tanks have now been brought into operation. Work on the remaining 22 has been expedited. The water supply will improve even if 12 more tanks become operational in East and North Nagpur. These will be connected with Kanhan water treatment plant,\" he said.The official further said the plan has been revised after commissioning of the newly constructed Kanhan treatment plant. \"Earlier, all 24 tanks were to be connected with Pench-IV water treatment plant being constructed at Godhni under JNNURM. Meanwhile, Kanhan plant became operational providing an additional 100-110 million liters per day (MLD) water. Now 14 of 24 tanks will be connected to Kanhan plant to ensure equal water distribution in East and North Nagpur,\" he said.Clearing misconception, the official said that the availability of water was no more an issue for the NMC. \"Additional 115 MLD was to be supplied from Pench-IV plant. But the construction of pipeline is delayed due to various obstacles. The additional water from Kanhan plant has taken care of that deficit. The total water supply increased to over 640 MLD since December 2011 which is enough to cater to the existing population. The water quantity may increase further if rehabilitation plan of 24x7 water supply project is implemented. The additional water from Pench-IV plant may be useful to cater to the increased population in coming years,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15432964", "title": "Soon, blood test to detect Alzheimer\u2019s", "text": "Scientists have taken a step toward developing a blood test for Alzheimer's disease, finding a group of markers that hold up in statistical analyses in three independent groups of patients.The possibility of an inexpensive, convenient test for Alzheimer's has been on the horizon for several years, but previous research leads have been hard to duplicate.\"Reliability and failure to replicate initial results have been the biggest challenge in this field. We demonstrate here that it is possible to show consistent findings,\" said lead author William Hu, MD, PhD, assistant professor of neurology at Emory University School of Medicine.Hu and his collaborators at the University of Pennsylvania and Washington University, St. Louis, measured the levels of 190 proteins in the blood of 600 study participants at those institutions.Study participants included healthy volunteers and those who had been diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease or mild cognitive impairment (MCI). MCI, often considered a harbinger for Alzheimer's disease, causes a slight but measurable decline in cognitive abilities.A subset of the 190 protein levels (17) were significantly different in people with MCI or Alzheimer's. When those markers were checked against data from 566 people participating in the multicenter Alzheimer's Disease Neuroimaging Initiative, only four markers remained: apolipoprotein E, B-type natriuretic peptide, C-reactive protein and pancreatic polypeptide.Changes in levels of these four proteins in blood also correlated with measurements from the same patients of the levels of proteins [beta-amyloid] in cerebrospinal fluid that previously have been connected with Alzheimer's. The analysis grouped together people with MCI, who are at high risk of developing Alzheimer's, and full Alzheimer's.\"We were looking for a sensitive signal. MCI has been hypothesized to be an early phase of AD, and sensitive markers that capture the physiological changes in both MCI and AD would be most helpful clinically,\" said Hu.\"The specificity of this panel still needs to be determined, since only a small number of patients with non-AD dementias were included. In addition, the differing proportions of patients with MCI in each group make it more difficult to identify MCI- or AD-specific changes,\" Hu stated.Neurologists currently diagnose Alzheimer's disease based mainly on clinical symptoms. Additional information can come from PET brain imaging, which tends to be expensive, or analysis of a spinal tap, which can be painful.\"Though a blood test to identify underlying Alzheimer's disease is not quite ready for prime time given today's technology, we now have identified ways to make sure that a test will be reliable,\" says Hu.The findings will be published in the August 28 issue of the journal Neurology .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15432143", "title": "Samsung to probe child labour claims in China", "text": "LONDON: A Chinese firm that manufactures devices for South Korea-based electronic firm Samsung, hired child workers at its production facilities, it has emerged.A New York-based campaign group, Child Labor Watch (CLW), claimed that its investigators found evidence of the violation while working at a factory owned by China's HEG Electronics.The CLW said seven under-16-year-olds were identified between June and July.According to the BBC, the group said that its investigators had limited contact with the factory's other departments and there could be dozens more underage employees.It alleged that HEG had 'slack internal supervision mechanisms,' the report said.CLW also raised concerns about worker injuries and how overtime pay was handled. Samsung, however, said it had found no evidence of an employment law breach when it carried out its own checks.\"Samsung Electronics has conducted two separate on-site inspections on HEG's working conditions this year but found no irregularities on those occasions,\" the firm said in a statement.The company also vowed to investigate the matter and take appropriate measures to correct such problems.\"A team of inspectors consisting of Samsung personnel from Korea headquarters will be dispatched to Huizhou, China on 9 August, and it will immediately launch an investigation and take appropriate measures to correct any problems that may surface,\" the firm said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15432107", "title": "MCX-SX to launch currency options today", "text": "MUMBAI: MCX Stock Exchange (MCX-SX) is all set to launch its currency options platform on Friday, with the US dollar-Indian rupee as the underlying. The move follows regulatory nods from Sebi and RBI last week, a release from the exchange said. At present these derivatives products are allowed to be traded on NSE's currency segment and United Stock Exchange (USE), although volumes have dried in the latter since April.In July, NSE had clocked a turnover of Rs 1.3 lakh crore in the currency options segment.To take on the competition, MCX-SX has reduced the tick size to 10 paise, compared to 25 paise each on NSE and USE. This means traders will be able to buy and sell in the segment at a price differential of 10 paise. The reduced tick size \"is based on industry feedback to ensure better price discovery, cost-effective risk management and increased hedge effectiveness,\" the release from MCX-SX said.\"The European style call &amp; put options on USD-INR will have a lot size of $1,000 per contract and quoted and settled in Indian rupee. Exchange will be introducing three monthly serial contracts followed by one quarterly contract. All outstanding positions of these contracts will be settled on RBI reference rates. The market timings will be from 9 am to 5 pm from Monday to Friday,\" the release added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15426713", "title": "2,000 workers were present at the time of violence: Cops", "text": "GURGAON: City police on Thursday said that as many as 2,000 workers were present at the Maruti Suzuki's Manesar plant when the violence broke out on July 18.DCP (east) Maheshwar Dayal clarified that the mob of around 100 people was restricted to the first floor of the HR wing and was responsible for initiating the violence.He added that there were only 30 policemen present on the ground floor, who couldn't reach the first floor in time because the staircase was blocked by the crowd of workers which was beginning to thicken.\"The violence later spread to the ground floor as well. There were around 2,000 workers armed with metal objects and police priority was to rescue the managerial staff. Even the reports of there being about 1,200 workers are an underestimation of the size of the crowd,\" said Dayal.He said the reports of delay in police action were incorrect as the cops present at the site \"acted swiftly and managed to rescue several employees\". \"The violence on the first floor began around 7pm, and by 7:15pm additional forces reached the plant. The mob on the ground floor was huge and was damaging cars,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15427883", "title": "Two polytechnic students end life in separate cases", "text": "NAGPUR: Two polytechnic students committed suicide in separate cases on Wednesday while a class IX student succumbed on Thursday evening after allegedly consuming insecticide on Wednesday night.Anurag Manekar, 20, a second year polytechnic student and son of a head constable, ended his life by consuming poison at his Raghuji Nagar police quarters residence under the jurisdiction of Hudkeshwar police station on Wednesday evening.Anurag, son of head constable Raju Manekar posted at Ambazari police station, was alone at home when he took the extreme step. His father, mother Pushpa, a homemaker, and younger brother Himanshu had gone to a relative's house. Elder brother Randhir is pursuing engineering from Bhandara.When Himanshu returned home in the evening he failed to get any response from Anurag despite repeatedly knocking the door. Himanshu then entered the home from the rear window but was shocked to found Anurag frothing and lying unconscious. He alerted parents while neighbours helped him to shift Anurag to the nearby hospital. However, Anurag was declared brought dead by the doctors.Sources in the police informed that Anurag was an average student but never went into depression over studies. Police said he had failed in one subject in the first year but was promoted to second year. Just an hour before the suicide came to light, one of Anurag's friends had come to meet him, said police.Besides setting a lock code to his cellphone, Anurag also deleted data including contacts and messages. In a two sentence suicide note in his register, Anurag has written, \"Mummy Papa, I m sorry. No one is responsible for my suicide.\"Cops suspect some other personal reasons behind Anurag's suicide. Police has handed over his cellphone to cyber crime cell to recover data that could provide any clues. A case of accidental death has been registered.In another case, Rekha Singh, a second year polytechnic student, jumped to death from the third floor of her girl's hostel in Trimurti Nagar around 2.15pm on Wednesday. Minutes before she ended her life, she sent a text message on her father's mobile which read, \"I am sorry papa. I am committing suicide.\" She had failed twice in five subjects and probably also lied to her parents, said sources in police.In another incident, 16-year-old Naaz Pathan, a std IX student and a Vandevi Nagar resident, succumbed at Mayo hospital on Thursday evening after allegedly consuming insecticide on Wednesday night. Yashodhara Nagar police, who have registered an accidental death case, assume it to be a suicide. However, her parents claimed that Naaz mistakenly consumed the insecticide. Fearing police action, her labourer parents also refused to give any statement to the police for nearly two days. According to police, since doctors had declared Naaz unfit to give any statement, no dying declaration could be recorded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15423872", "title": "Birth of Lord Krishna", "text": "We sing the glory of Sri Krishna, who is all truth, all consciousness and all bliss, who is responsible for creation, sustenance and destruction of the universe, and who puts an end to the threefold agony.Padma Purana*Perceiving her son endowed with the characteristics of Vishnu, Devaki prayed: You are the Illuminator of all psycho-physical organisms, the indefinable Reality, which the Vedas declare as the unmanifest cause... When the universe is dissolved by force of Time, the gross elements are ultimately merged in ahankara (their cause)...Bhagavata Purana*As long as you have attachment to the body and attachment to objects, fear and suffering will be with you. Therefore, Krishna told Arjuna to develop his discrimination and rid himself of body consciousness. Only then he would be able to develop integral vision.Sri Sathya Sai Baba", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15427796", "title": "100-year-old Gorewada lake quenches Nagpur's thirst, but hungry for recognition", "text": "NAGPUR: Exactly 100 years ago, in 1912, Gorewada lake was developed as the primary drinking water source for Nagpur's 1.01 lakh population. This year, the lake quietly completes 100 glorious years, and remains the major source of drinking water for the city, with 24.05 lakh population.Of 650 million litres per day (MLD) potable water supplied to the city, 420 MLD comes from Gorewada lake while the rest comes from Kanhan river. In fact, Gorewada is the only water reservoir for Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC). It receives around 155 million meter cube (MMC) water every year from Totladoh reservoir (popularly known as Pench). Besides, the lake's natural water sources - one river and two streams - are still live, and keep the catchment area full through out the year.The dense Gorewada forest on three sides of the lake adds to its beauty. The importance of the lake as a major water source and the forest around it have prevented the lake's decline, unlike the 10 other lakes in the city.However, not a single office bearer and only a few officials of NMC's water works department are aware of the Gorewada lake completing its centenary. Deputy engineer DP Chitnis told TOI the lake is everything for the city. \"Pumping stations and water treatment plants constructed during the development of the lake are still intact and situated adjacent to the embankment. Total 16 MLD water is supplied from the treatment plant every day. The lake is nothing less than a saviour for the city,\" he said.Chitnis said the foundation stone laid at the beginning of the construction of the lake can still be seen in the abandoned rest house on its banks.The lake's history is chronicled in the book 'Nagpur Nagarsanstha Shatabadi Granth' published by NMC in 1964 to mark the centenary of the city's civic body. The lake was once known as Sita Gondi, as it was said to have been constructed by a woman Sita Gondin during the Gond period.\"The lake was later named after Gorewada village since the water supply scheme was constructed near it. The 11 sq mile (17,702.74 sq mt) lake's catchment area is double that of Ambazari lake,\" the book mentions.The plan to develop the lake into a reservoir and establish a water supply scheme was drawn up in 1910. NMC, which was a municipal council at that time, decided to develop Gorewada scheme to solve the water crisis prevailing in the city at that time.Until then, Ambazari lake had been the only source of drinking water for the city since Gandhisagar lake (then called Shukrawari talav) was polluted and inadequate. \"Ambazari was constructed during Bhonsle period, some 238 years ago, but developed as drinking water reservoir under the British rule in 1872, under the Binni Scheme. After that, drinking water started being supplied through tap connections. The city's first tap connection was issued on May 20, 1872. By 1910, there were 532 tap connections, all supplied water from Ambazari lake. Besides, water was piped into Gandhisagar lake from Ambazari lake. The population was increasing very fast. As against capacity of 12.60 lakh gallons of water, the supply from Ambazari lake increased to 19 lakh gallons, necessitating another water source,\" the book mentions.The NMC prepared a scheme worth Rs10 lakh in October 1910 for Gorewada, and obtained approval from the then CP and Berar government. The government sanctioned Rs2.5 lakh as grant while the remaining amount was a loan from the government. The scheme was completed in 1912, a year before the deadline, which is almost impossible today! Interestingly, NMC spent Rs21,000 less than the estimate, the lake works were completed for a cost of Rs9.79 lakh, again something impossible in our time.The works included a 2,350 feet long embankment which was 52 feet in height, pumping station, cement nullah up to the embankment and 20 inch Scott water pipeline up to lake bed, waste weir, service reservoir of 1 lakh gallon capacity at Seminary Hills, pipeline from Seminary Hills service reservoir to Old Government House, water pipeline to two overhead tanks (one in Mahal and one at Civil Station (today's Civil Lines), compensation to project-affected persons, and construction of roads and quarters beside the lake. The Rs21,000 saved from the estimate was used to construct the water filtration plant.Water supply from the lake started in 1912 and continues to this day. Even the embankment, pumping station, filter plant and service reservoirs are all in service and in good condition, far better than the infrastructure constructed by NMC later. The service reservoir, also called master balancing reservoir (MBR), in Rajbhavan premises is still as it was constructed.The NMC book mentions that the then engineer Major Olden oversaw the entire works and was remembered for his outstanding contribution. \"Major Olden was shot dead in 1915 in France. In his memory, the foundation stone was established at the lake, which is now lying in the abandoned rest house.\"NMC managed the expenses of the water supply and repayment of the loan by increasing its revenue. \"With increase in octroi cess from clothes and utensils and recovery of vehicle tax, revenue increased to Rs28,000,\" says the book.The NMC had plans to increase the spread of Gorewada lake by 1 sq mile during 1920-21 when the city again faced a water crisis. But the plan was dropped for unknown reasons. NMC then shifted its focus to Kanhan river and developed the Kanhan water scheme in 1941.Chitnis said NMC used water being collected in Gorewada lake exclusively till 1982. \"Water from Totladoh reservoir was released in the lake from November 1982. \"The overflow weir was demolished and four gates constructed at the lake. The depth of the lake is counted as 302 meter from sea-level as on date. The pumping station used to be run by a steam engine first, then a diesel engine, and present by electricity,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15428085", "title": "Chief minister, governor greet people on Janmasthami", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav and governor BL Joshi have extended their greetings to the people of the state and wished them a happy and prosperous life on the occasion of Janmasthami. Speaker of UP Vidhan Sabha Mata Prasad Pandey and chairman of Vidhan Parishad Ganesh Shankar Pandey have also wished the people.NER conducts security check: VK Yadav, divisional railway manager, Lucknow Junction, North Eastern Railway (NER), accompanied by senior divisional officers conducted a security check at the station in the wake of August 15. The officials checked the security at circulating area, passenger hall, cloak room, parcel office, second entry, CCTV room and retiring rooms. DRM also directed the GRP and RPF personnel to upgrade the level of security at the station.Solution camp: BSNL will organise a solution camp, where it will solve the problems of consumers on Saturday from 11.00 a.m. to 4.00 p.m. In the camp those consumers who will give requests to re-gain their telecom connection will get special discounts.Applications accepted: According to the estimates 1,10,485 applications were received for unemployment allowance out of which only 38,940 have been accepted. Around 356 applications were not accepted due to various reasons. Remaining applications are in process of receiving, said director of the scheme Anil Kumar . He also said that in Lucknow district, as many as 1,123 applications were received, of which 1,112 were accepted. Only nine forms have been rejected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15429593", "title": "Think you\u2019re fat? You may grow fat", "text": "LONDON: Normal weight teens who perceive themselves as fat are more likely to grow up to be overweight, according to a new study.Researchers from Norwegian University of Science and Technology found that perceiving themselves as fat even though they are not may actually cause normal weight children to become overweight as adults.One explanation may be related to psychosocial stress, associated with gaining weight around the waist. The psychosocial stress related to having an ideal body type, along with the perception of oneself as overweight, can result in weight gain.\"Another explanation may be that young people who see themselves as fat often change their eating habits by skipping meals, for example . Research has shown that dropping breakfast can lead to obesity ,\" Koenraad Cuypers, a researcher from the university said. Following a diet that you cannot maintain over time will also be counterproductive, since the body strives to maintain the weight you had before you started the diet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15429587", "title": "Stressed-out men prefer curvy girls", "text": "LONDON: Men when they are under stress are likely to choose a curvy women over a 'size zero' as they perceive voluptuous women to be 'more mature', a new study led by an Indian origin researcher has claimed.Psychologists at the University of Westminster, London found that if work or finances are playing on men's minds, they are more likely to turn to a lady with a shapely figure rather than a skinny one, the Daily Mail said.The study tested 80 white British men of normal weight \u2014 of which half underwent a difficult group interview exercise designed to make them feel uneasy. Later they all looked at pictures of women of varying sizes from emaciated to obese. While none found the most extreme bodies at either end of the spectrum attractive, those in the 'stress' group showed a marked preference for those on the heavier side.Lead author Dr Viren Swami said when socioeconomic or personal circumstances are threatening or uncertain, men go for 'more mature' physical characteristics . The researchers believe this is because men subconsciously think these women will also be mature in personality and better able to handle a crisis.\"Body size appears to be an important signal of both physical and psychological maturity,\" Swami said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "greater noida/agra", "code": "15426970", "title": "They had an adrenalin-filled drive to Agra", "text": "GREATER NOIDA/AGRA: It was an adrenalin filled evening as the Yamuna Expressway opened for use by the general public after chief minister Akhilesh Yadav inaugurated it by remote from Lucknow. To give its readers a first-hand account of what is in store for anybody who wishes to speed towards Agra within the shortest possible time, TOI took a ride from the 'zero point' to Agra. While the ride was a smooth one owing to the concrete paving, even the views along the expressway were breathtaking.The first toll plaza of the expressway at Jewar was flooded with vehicles as excited motorists queued up to burn some rubber on the newly laid speedway. Most of the motorists said that they wanted to make the inaugural run a part of their lives so that they could cherish it for times to come. However, most of them, after experiencing a brief thrill decided to turn back after travelling for a few kilometres.TOI started its journey amidst heavy rain from the Jewar toll plaza around 4.30pm and even stopped at the epicenter of the farmers' agitation regarding land acquisition at Tappal in Aligarh district. In August 2010, three farmers and a policeman were killed in a bloody clash there. A brief agitation had been reported from the area, but after reaching the spot by 4.45pm, in Jikarpur village, only curious villagers could be seen standing along the expressway to catch the glimpse of passing cars.Along the entire Yamuna Expressway, villagers, especially the youngsters, were spotted enjoying the fact that the expressway had opened and there were a lot of cars for them to see. They were clapping, jumping and waving their hands at the cars passing on the expressway. Keeping the possibility of an agitation by farmers in mind, a heavy police force was deployed along with fire tenders and an ambulance.The Mathura toll plaza soon whizzed past and Maath came. This is the one of the locations where an international airport has been planned by the state government. As this belt is Nilgai prone, the developer has installed an alert board for motorists to be careful while travelling along the stretch. At 6.10pm, the third and last Agra toll plaza was crossed.The 165km, six-lane Yamuna Expressway became the favourite of enthusiastic riders and speedsters even before its official opening.Akhilesh and Arshad Jamaluddin Siddiqui were the ones to become the first general commuters to travel on the Yamuna Expressway.Siddiqui was travelling in his Tata Safari SUV while Akhilesh was driving his Maruti 800 car.Sharing his experience, Siddiqui, son of Samajwadi party MLA Syed Jamaluddin Siddiqui from Bhojpur, said: \"The elevated road provided a panoramic view of the surroundings, which was an excellent sight. We are still in shock that within minutes we had covered an unexpected distance. It is my privilege to be one of the first commuters of the expressway,\" Arshad Siddiqui said.\"I covered the distance from Buddh International Circuit in Greater Noida to Kuberpur crossing on Firozabad road in Agra in just 70 minutes. We could see herds of Nilgai sitting in the shade far away,\" said Rohit, a speed-crazy youth who drove in his BMW car.\"I zipped through to check out the corridor and see the facilities offered along it and clocked 90 minutes to cover the stretch. We started at 5pm from the Agra Fort crossing. We maintained a steady speed of 80-100 kilometre per hour with brief stops at the toll plazas,\" said Anand, another speed junky.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "satara", "code": "15429050", "title": "In Satara, 200 dogs poisoned after 5-year-old mauled to death", "text": "SATARA: A week after a five year-old boy was mauled to death by a pack of dogs, over 200 strays have been poisoned to death in Satara city in what's being seen as an act of revenge. The boy was an orphan and lived with his grandmother.The carcasses of the animals are reportedly either being thrown at dumping grounds or buried in pits to ensure that there are no traces of the poisoning . When TOI visited the Songaon Khadda dumping ground , there were at least 30 dogs rotting. \"Over the last four days , we have seen several killed dogs being dumped here and buried under piles of garbage. We don't know who is behind this,'' a civic worker said.The Satara Municipal Council has denied any role in the mass killing of dogs over the last week after a five-yearold boy was mauled to death last Friday. Council CEO Abhijeet Bapat said , \"The day we got to know about the death of the boy Ramakant Dalvi , we issued a public notice stating that it is illegal to kill or torture stray dogs . We do not know who has killed them .\" But sources said that certain key ground staff attached to the councilhadbeen given instructions on mixing poison in food items fed to strays and the ways to quietly dispose of the bodies.Bapat said they had shut down Chinese food stalls that sell non-vegetarian items and throw wasted food on roads , inviting hungry strays . \"We have also decided to restart sterilization to control the dog population. The animal birth control ( ABC ) programme was halted in 2008 after some citizens and activists raised an objection . Since then , the dog population has shot up ,'' he said . Avinash Kadam , NCP corporator from Mangalwartale in Satara , admitted that dead dogs had been found \"But we don't know how many were pickedup andtaken by our civicc leaners .In fact ,ours was the first civic council in India to starttheABC method ,'' hes aid .Recalling the attack on the child near Devi Colony in Godoli , 51-year-old tea stall owner Shivaji Moresaid , \"I first heard a monkey crying as a pack of dogs were biting and tearing down something on the ground . As I went closer , I saw Ramakant ,with his skin and body parts torn out by the dogs .\"Asked if he felt that killing dogs was justified, More said , \"If an animal becomes rabid ,it is better to put it down . I don't know about the killings in other parts , but in this area , those dogs had become mad indeed.\" However , president of NGO Animal Welfare Trust , Dhiren Rajpurohit , slammed the civic councilfor failing to protect the animals . \"Our trust had conducted over 1,000 sterilizations till 2008, but the council terminated our contract .\"Mumbai-based animal welfare officer Ganesh Nayak of Animals Matter To Me said , \"Legal action should be taken against those responsible for the killings .\" Meanwhile , veterinarian Manilal Valliyate of People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals said a sister concern called Rahat was ready to help the civic body restart the sterilization process .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15426623", "title": "Party must gear up for 2014 polls: CM", "text": "MUMBAI: Aware of the friction with its coalition partner NCP, the Congress high command has directed senior leaders in Maharashtra to gear up for the Assembly elections scheduled in 2014.Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan met senior cabinet ministers on Monday and asked them to prepare a detailed analysis of the party's performance in various departments and constituencies, and submit a report card as early as possible. The ministers were told they should focus on areas and constituencies where coalition partner the NCP is in a better position.The NCP had recently called for its first meeting to deliberate on mission 2014. The Congress meeting has followed soon after.\"Every minister has been asked to speak to legislators in their constituencies and address problems faced by them. The idea is to minimize differences between leaders and party workers. They will have to submit their report soon,\" said a senior cabinet minister. Apart from discussing drought measures and local elections in parts of the state, the ministers were asked to assess the efficacy of schemes initiated in different regions and pending issues of regions.The meeting was attended by revenue minister Balasahab Thorat, health minister Suresh Shetty, parliamentary affairs minister Harshwardhan Patil, among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15428311", "title": "Collector steps in to check illegal palace work", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The district collector has officially inquired into whether the Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Memorial Society (SVPMS) has any right to construct extra space in the Moti Shahi palace in Shahibaug. The Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) has already issued notices to stop the construction.Ahmedabad collector Vijay Nehra has sought details of the agreement between the roads and building department and the society on the basis of which the property was transferred in the society's name. Nehra wants to find out what conditions were agreed upon before the palace was handed over to the society. \"I have sought details on the ownership of the property from the department,\" he said.\"The possession details and status of the property is a must before deciding whether the activities undertaken by the society are in consonance with the agreement. The AMC% issuing notices for illegal construction in the palace set us thinking. We want to do a background check,\" Nehra added.The 390-year-old palace is considered one of the finest examples of Mughal architecture in western India. This was one of emperor Shah Jahan's first creations that precede even the Taj Mahal.The society today possesses almost 3.87 lakh square feet of area in and around the palace complex. Following the formation of Gujarat state on May 1, 1960, the palace was chosen to become the official residence of the governor from 1960 to 1978. It was officially de-listed by the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) for this purpose on April 11, 1961. Official records suggest the palace was listed as a national monument in 1928 by the British.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15428749", "title": "Ganga river continues to rise, may touch red mark soon", "text": "KANPUR: The 3.35 lakh cusecs of water released into Ganga from Narora Dam on Tuesday has started showing its impact at the barrage, leaving thousands of people of Katri, Bithoor, Chiran and Pratapur Hari a perturbed lot. The river was flowing at 112.60 m on Thursday. The river was flowing at 112 m on Wednesday. The river would touch or cross the 113 m mark (warning mark) soon.The steep rise in the level has alarmed the district administration. Though no evacuation was made on Thursday but if water continues to rise, the villagers of Katri will have to be rescued. The threat also looms large over the livestock of the villagers. Several hectares of agricultural is under threat of getting submerged.If the flood sets in, it would affect more than a dozen villages, having a population of 20,000. Eight flood relief centres will come up, the biggest would be at Ganga Barrage, which could accommodate 10,000 people. The affected villages would be Chainpurwa, Dharamkhera, Kallupurwa, Chotta Mangalpur, Bada Mangalpur, Dibnipurwa, Chiran, Pratapur Hari to name a few. Tehsildar Sadar, AR Farooqui said that the Chainpurwa village would be the worst affected village if river rises further. He claimed that as of now, the river was away from the village.\"Villagers do not leave till water is knee deep. But we will convince them to move to safer places,\" he said. The authorities have 100 boats to rescue the marooned people. The locals of the ghats across the city and the villagers of Katri belt are apprehensive due to continuous rise in the water. The memories are still fresh in their minds when the floods had swept away a major portion of Gangarampurwa village in 2010.The currents in the river have become swift and dangerous. \"These swirls can sweep away anything and everything. We have become alert while fishing or searching for coins,\" said a boatman.\"Devotees try and walk into the river to perform religious rituals but the situation has changed and it could lead to untoward incidents. The depth could not ascertained at times. The boats are available on which we can ferry them for some distance and then they could be brought back,\" a boatman at Sarsiyya Ghat said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15429646", "title": "Leaders rubbish NMC\u2019s claims of filling potholes", "text": "NASHIK: Even as the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) keeps the number of potholes under cover, local political leaders of each of the divisions say that there are many more potholes that are yet to be covered by the NMC. They maintained that the work was \"shoddy\".According to the data procured from the public works department, the total number of potholes filled from July 1 to August 4 is 4,450. Local political leaders rubbish these claims. The NMC, allegedly, does not even have the data of the locations in the six divisions where the potholes have been filled.An engineer of the PWD said that it was not possible to count all the potholes like they did last year due to lack of time.In the East division, where the NMC claims to have filled 749 potholes, independent leader Sanjay Chavan said,\"There are more than 1,500 potholes in the entire division. It is the contractor's duty to maintain the roads for three years. The NMC does not follow the contractor, neither is there any quality check on the work. The NMC should keep a record.\"The NMC claims to have covered 444 potholes in West division. Former corporator, Dr Hemlata Patil said that the work is so shoddy that after they are filled, the potholes are exposed the very next day. Former corporator of BJP and presently with Shiv Sena, Prashant Avhad, said that rather than murram, sand and gravel monsoon tar should be used. \"There are 1,200 to 1,500 potholes between the central bus stand and Ashok Stambh,\" said Avhad.In the Panchvati division, where the NMC says that 785 potholes have been filled, former Shiv Sena corporator and former chairman of the standing committee, Sanjay Bagul, said that being a very big division, there could be around 10,000-20,000 potholes.In another big division, Nashik Road, where NMC claims to cover 749 potholes, former Congress corporator, Vandana Manchanda said that each prabhag had minimum 20-70 potholes. There could be close to 1,000 potholes.Former NCP corporator Pratibha Pawar said that in the Cidco division, it was unlikely that 514 potholes were filled.Former NCP corporator of Satpur division Sadashiv Mali said,\"The potholes have been filled for namesake. There are around 1,500-2,000 potholes in the division,\" he said.Chairman of the standing committee, Uddhav Nimse, said that all divisions will be given 15 days to fill up the potholes, failure of which could lead to strict action against the concerned official. Municipal commissioner Sanjay Khandare on Thursday said that to enhance the quality of work, monsoon tar would be used.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15427011", "title": "Dispose toxic waste in and around Carbide plant in six months: SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Thursday directed the Centre and Madhya Pradesh government to take steps within six months for safe disposal of the large quantity of toxic waste lying in and around the defunct Union Carbide plant, from which leak of poisonous gas in December 1984 had resulted in death of thousands and maiming of a lakh people.Terming the unattended toxic waste at the plant as hazardous to the health of people in Bhopal, a bench of Chief Justice S H Kapadia and Justices A K Patnaik and Swatanter Kumar said \"it needs to be disposed of at the earliest and in a scientific manner\".\"We direct the Union of India and the state of Madhya Pradesh to take immediate steps for disposal of the toxic waste laying in and around the Union Carbide factory, Bhopal, on the recommendations of the Empowered Monitoring Committee, Advisory Committee and the National Institute of Research in Environment Health (NIREH) within six months,\" said Justice Kumar, who authored the judgment.\"The disposal should be strictly in a scientific manner which may cause no further damage to human health and environment in Bhopal. We direct a collective meeting of these organizations to be held along with the secretary to the government of India and the chief secretary of the state of Madhya Pradesh within one month from today to finalize the entire scheme of disposal of the toxic waste,\" the bench said.Private bodies and NGOs have estimated that around 27,000 tonnes of toxic waste is lying in and around the Carbide plant. They have expressed apprehension that this was responsible for gradual ground water contamination in nearby areas.The bench also ordered transfer of the 14-year-old PIL by NGO 'Bhopal Gas Peedith Mahila Udyog Sangathan' to Madhya Pradesh High Court for monitoring of proper implementation of the series of directions issued by the apex court on Thursday as well as on earlier occasions to alleviate the suffering of the victims and provide them proper medical help.It also dissolved the Bhopal Memorial Hospital Trust (BMHT), which was taken over by the Centre after former CJI A M Ahmadi resigned as its chairman. The Bhopal Memorial Hospital and Research Centre and the Trust were created on the direction of the apex court in 1988 for healthcare of gas victims.The trust, with a corpus of Rs 436.47 crore, will be dissolved and the money vested with the Union ministry of health and family welfare which will continue with the research work and provide healthcare to victims, the bench said.In another significant direction, it wanted the accounts of the trust to be audited afresh till July 2010 despite a private chartered accountant pointing to \"no irregularity or objections\".The bench said, \"It would still be in the interest of BMHT itself, particularly when the management and corpus of the BMHT have been transferred to the Union of India, that the government agency, besides regularly inspecting the accounts of BMHT, also give their final report for the period ending July 2010.\"It added, \"Accounts of BMHRC and allied departments, as far as they are subject matter of the present writ petition, shall be audited by the principal accountant general (audit), Madhya Pradesh. It shall also examine the accounts and the audit report dated 15th July, 2011 submitted by M/s V K Verma and Company within three months from today.\"The court said with passage of time, the figure of gas affected population had risen to 5 lakh. \"With the passage of time this disaster has attained wider dimensions and greater concerns, which require discharge of higher responsibilities by all agencies. In terms of Article 21 of the Constitution, all the gas victims are entitled to greater extent of multi-dimensional healthcare, as their sufferings are in no way, directly or indirectly, attributable to them. It was, primarily and undoubtedly, the negligence on the part of Union Carbide Ltd that resulted in leakage of the MIC gas, causing irreversible damage to the health of not only the persons affected but even the children who were still to be born,\" the court said.dhananjay.mahapatra@tiemsgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15427069", "title": "Teachers slam showcause notice", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi University Teachers' Association has made its stand clear on the Kirori Mal College issue. The association, which met on Thursday, issued a statement, condemning the university's handling of the protests, especially showcause of two teachers, while dissociating itself from KMC principal Bhim Sen Singh's statement that led to his suspension.\"The DUTA executive condemns the autocratic manner in which the university administration has attacked teachers' right to protest, as evident in the case of the letters of the university registrar of 1st August 2012 and, subsequently, of the acting-principal of Kirori Mal College to the teachers, denying the right of casual leave,\" says the statement.It adds the \"attack on the staff association is understood as an attack on DUTA. Therefore, DUTA demands immediate withdrawal of showcause notices against office-bearers of the staff association. DUTA shall not tolerate this continuous attack on our right to protest and will resort to direct action unless the letters are withdrawn.\" DUTA, however, dissociated itself from Singh's \"statements through the press conference, particularly his reported remarks against a woman\" but demanded a \"time-bound, independent and impartial inquiry into his conduct\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15427492", "title": "Rare surgery gives lease of life to newborn", "text": "KOLKATA: Born with low birth weight and then burdened with severe cyanosis. But the doctors would not just give up on the one-day-old baby, who was born on July 17. They went ahead with a surgery, considered one of the most difficult neonatal surgeries, the very next day. The baby, now 22-day-old, is home with a new lease of life.The baby boy was born to Piyanka and Dipak Sikdar on July 17 and weighed only 1.4 kg. Immediately after the birth, doctors found him turning blue (cyanosis) due to severe respiratory distress. The newborn was put on ventilation. Further investigation detected that the baby was born with diaphragmatic hernia, a congenital defect in which there is an abnormal opening in the diaphragm - the muscle that helps in breathing. The opening allows part of the organs from the belly (stomach, spleen, liver, and intestines) to go up into the chest cavity near the lungs.In this baby, there was a large defect on the left side of the diaphragm and whole of the stomach, small intestine, large intestine, left lobe of liver and spleen went up through the defect in the left side of the chest cavity, thereby pushing the heart and right lung to the extreme right. Thus the right lung was not functioning and compressing the left lung even before it was formed in the foetal stage.\"We operated on the baby on July 18 and he was put on ventilation for four days post-operative. We discharged him a few days back after the baby was absolutely fine, breathing and also breast fed by the mother,\" said paediatric surgeon Dr Partha Pratim Gupta, who led the medical team at Repose Clinic. Others in the team to assist in this complex surgery were Dr Manak Nemani (anaesthesist), neonatalogits Dr Priyankar Pal and Dr Provash Giri.Diaphragmatic hernia is caused by the improper joining of structures during foetal development. As a result, the abdominal organs such as the stomach, small intestine, spleen, part of the liver and kidney appear in the chest cavity. The lung tissue on the affected side is thus not allowed to completely develop. When the lungs fail to develop properly, it leads to hypoplasia and pulmonary hypertension. In simple terms, oxygen does get into the blood, leading to bluish discoloration and respiratory distress.Some cases of diaphragmatic hernia could also have associated cardiac defects. According to doctors, the mortality rate of diaphragmatic hernia in premature low birth weight newborns is more than 65%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15429724", "title": "Additional coach to clear festival rush", "text": "MYSORE: SWR will attach one additional second-class sleeper coach to four trains and one additional AC 3-tier coach to two trains temporarily. The move is to clear extra rush of travellers in view of Dasara and Diwali festivals.Accordingly, one additional second-class sleeper coach will be attached to Tata-Yeshwantpur Weekly Express (train No. 12889) on Fridays from Tata from October 5 to November 30.Also, one additional coach will be attached to the following trains: Yeshwantpur-Tata Weekly Express (train No. 12890) on Mondays from Yeshwantpur from October 8 to December 03; Howrah-Mysore Weekly Express (train No. 22817) on Fridays from Howrah from October 5 to November 30; Mysore-Howrah Weekly Express (train No. 22818) on Mondays from Mysore from October 8 to December 3.Similarly, one additional AC 3-tier coach will be attached to Howrah-Sri Satya Sai Prashanti Nilayam Weekly Express (train No. 12571) on Wednesdays from Howrah from October 3 to November 28, and Sri Satya Sai Prashanti Nilayam-Howrah Weekly Express (train No. 12572) on Fridays from Sri Satya Sai Prashanti Nilayam from October 5 to November 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15427987", "title": "Plan to bring rail link to Vyttila hub", "text": "KOCHI: In a bid to improve linkages between various modes of transport, the state government, on Thursday, asked the Vyttila Mobility Hub Society (VMHS) to submit a plan to link the bus terminal with the main lines of Southern Railway.At the general body meeting, chief minister Oommen Chandy directed the VMHS to prepare a detailed project report indicating location of new stations and the point from where the railway line can be extended to the hub.\"The state government will also present the proposal to the railway ministry and other agencies involved in the project,\" said M Beena, VMHS managing director.The society is already involved in drafting an international design for the second phase development of mobility hub. The design will come up with ways to integrate the proposed Kochi metro rail with the hub. The Kerala State Inland Navigation Corporation is already conducting a feasibility study on a proposal to link water transport to the mobility hub.Earlier, the district collector had stated that the hub would have a station for the high-speed rail corridor connecting Thiruvananthapuram and Kasaragod.Beena said the society was asked to utilize project funds for land acquisition procedures to widen the exit path from the hub, for which Rs 12 crore is required.The government has decided to release Rs 5 crore allocated for the hub in the budget.\"The society requires Rs 52 crore to carry out development activities in the next three years,\" she said.The VMHS will touch base with KSRTC to identify bus routes and finalize the number of buses that would operate as circular services.Meanwhile, the government is now planning to convene a high-level meeting to decide on the proposed flyover at Vyttila.Kochi: The state government has asked Vyttila Mobility Hub Society (VMHS) to submit a proposal to link the bus terminal with the main lines of Southern railway. At the general body meeting convened by chief minister Oommen Chandy on Thursday, the society was directed to prepare a detailed project indicating location of new stations and also the point from where the railway line should be extended to the hub.Speaking to TOI, VMHS managing director, M Beena said, \"The state government will present the proposal before railway ministry and other agencies concerned.\"VMHS is already involved in drafting an international design for the second phase developments to integrate Kochi metro project. A proposal to assimilate water transport with the hub is also active and the KSINC is conducting a feasibility study. Earlier, the district collector had stated that the hub would have a station for the high-speed rail corridor connecting Thiruvananthapuram and Kasargode.Beena said that the society was asked to utilise project funds for land acquisition procedures to widen the exit path from the hub, for which Rs 12 crore is required. The government has decided to release Rs 5 crore allocated for the hub in the budget. \"The society requires Rs 52 crore to carry out development activities in the next three years,\" she said.The VMHS will associate with KSRTC to identify bus routes and also finalise the number of buses that would operate as circular services, Beena said. She also informed that the government would convene a high-level meeting to decide on the proposed flyover at Vyttila.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15429182", "title": "Head post offices to sell solar lanterns", "text": "CHENNAI: D'Light Solar Lanterns will be available in all head post offices in the city from 16 August. Customers can also avail the service using e-payment facility.India Post has been selling lanterns through identified rural post offices in the Chennai city region on a pilot basis. \"It was a huge success and now we are making it available in all the head post offices also,\" said a senior India Post official. The inaugural function will be held at Chennai General Post office, near Parry's Corner on 16 August, the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15427264", "title": "Bombay Dyeing loses mill land battle in SC", "text": "MUMBAI: In a setback to Bombay Dyeing, the Supreme Court on Thursday upheld a Bombay high court order that had asked the textile major to hand over one-third of its mill land each at Naigaum and Lower Parel to the BMC and Mhada, respectively, for development of open spaces, transit camp accommodation and houses for mill workers.A bench of Justices R M Lodha and A R Dave dismissed a special leave petition filed by Bombay Dyeing against the HC's May 2012 order. The company will now have to hand over the land by August 21 that has been earmarked for the BMC and MHADA under the mill land redevelopment scheme.Mhada and the BMC will get around 65,000 sq ft of land, earmarked under the mill land redevelopment scheme, in the city's prime locations. Activists and the state have been fighting to ensure erstwhile mill lands benefit the public and are not used only to house private residential and commercial towers. and the order is a major victory for them.A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Roshan Dalvi of the HC had dismissed petitions challenging stop-work notices issued to Bombay Dyeing for its failure to hand over the landone third of its mill land to the BMC to set up compulsory open spaces and recreation grounds and another one-third to Mhada. The textile company had approached the HC after the BMC issued a stop-work notice on March 26, 2010. The notice was issued following a direction from the monitoring committee, headed by Justice (Retd) B V Chavan, that oversees redevelopment of city's mill lands.The HC had given time for the company to go in appeal and it did. Its counsel Fali Nariman and Navroz Seervai had argued that the company was carrying out construction on its existing built-up land and the question of handing over plots would come up only when it completed construction on 30% of the remaining plot. Mhada's lawyer G W Mattos opposed the argument int he HC in the HC, saying there was as no concept of built-up land under the rules.The projects are coming up on the company's erstwhile mill plots, Spring Mills in Dadar-Naigaon and another in Lower Parel. The plans for the mills include a 38-storey residential-cum-commercial and retail, IT spaces and a hotel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15427643", "title": "'Withdraw subsidies to meat exporters'", "text": "NAGPUR: The Central government has been urged to abolish subsidies to meat trade and exports which is not only taking toll on productive cattle but is also creating shortage of milk.\"There is an immediate need to arrest the present practice of indiscriminate slaughter of young and productive animals. Otherwise, the problem will intensify and the country will have to face acute shortage of milk,\" said Kanakrai Savadia, managing trustee of Sukrut Nirman Charitable Trust, an organization working to save cows in Vidarbha.In a memorandum submitted to Anand Sharma, the union minister of commerce and industry, Savadia has said the prevailing high prices of bovine, milk and meat are strong indication of shortage of supply. Even existing slaughterhouses are not able to meet requirements. Hence, they are procuring buffaloes by illegal means.The most unfortunate fallout of this has been the deleterious effect on small farmers. They are lured to sell their animals, but soon discover that it is impossible to buy fresh stock again. The slaughterhouses involved in export are killing productive buffaloes clandestinely to fulfil their export commitments.Savadia said in India farmers mainly rear cattle for agriculture purpose as well as milk production. When the animal grows old and is not fit for either milk production or agricultural purpose, it is sold at throwaway prices to the traders involved in meat export. Thus the traders get animals at an extremely low cost. To fulfil the demand these animals are stolen and slaughtered.In abattoirs even milk-giving animals are slaughtered illegally to meet the export demand of traders. He pointed out that slaughterhouses maintained and run by local bodies are meant for domestic requirement of meat and not export. Yet, these establishments are involved in illegal export of meat.Savadia said despite violations subsidies are offered by the Central and state governments for construction and upgradation of slaughterhouses and the prevailing meat trade in the country.He said the Agriculture Agricultural and Processed Food Products Export Development Authority (APEDA) is providing 25% to 60% subsidy on transport of meat, pre-cooling facilities, cold storage, brand publicity, quality control, packaging development, brand publicity etc.In addition, there is exemption from sales tax and income tax. The modern export-oriented slaughterhouses are mostly run by private players who earn huge profits at the cost of our water bodies causing pollution and diseases.Savadia urged Sharma to withdraw all the subsidies offered to meat trade. \"The subsidy of crores of rupees from taxpayers' money is not justifiable from any angle,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15429872", "title": "Downpour wreaks havoc; two houses damaged in dist", "text": "MANGALORE: People of Dakshina Kannada district got a respite from incessant rain on Thursday. However, heavy downpour in the early hours of the day damaged two houses in the district. Two persons\u2014 Krishnappa, 63, and Saraswathi, 54, \u2014 were injured when the wall of their house collapsed on them at Jalligudda in Jayanagar. The wall collapsed after the earth underneath it caved in following heavy rain.In Hoigebailu in Ashoknagar, a mud house wall collapsed at 2am. The house, which was constructed five decades ago, belongs to Yashoda Devadiga. Yashoda and her daughter, who were sleeping in the house at the time of the incident, miraculously escaped without any injury. Deputy mayor Amita kala visited the spot and assured them of financial help. The loss is put at over Rs 1.5 lakh.In another incident the compound wall of an apartment in Mannagudda collapsed closing the road leading the apartments and several other houses. Bantwal, Sullia and Puttur taluks of the district experienced heavy rain early morning on Thursday. Vittla recorded a rainfall of 150mm at 3am, while Sullia and Puttur recorded 100mm and 102mm of rainfall in the corresponding period. Rainfall in other taluks is as follows: Bantwal (75.5), Belthangady (80.8), Uppinangady (72.4), Bajpe airport (55.6) and Mangalore (90.8).Water level in Nethravathi river reached 5.5 metre near Bantwal. It has come down a high of 8.1 metre recorded on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15427037", "title": "BJP uses Rajiv's accord to get back at Sonia", "text": "NEW DELHI: Seeking to recover from the embarrassment it suffered on Wednesday when an angry Sonia Gandhi forced L K Advani to withdraw his provocative comment questioning UPA-2's legitimacy, the BJP tried to get its own back at Congress.Party spokesperson Ravi Shankar Prasad on Thursday sought to mock the Congress chief for her rare show of aggression, saying she had not been similarly assertive in checking corruption in the government.The Advani-Sonia skirmish happened on Wednesday during the debate in Lok Sabha on the ethnic violence in Assam. The BJP veteran had started off well but ended up giving an opening to Congress by making a remark which he could not defend and was forced to withdraw.Prasad, who is also deputy leader of the party in Rajya Sabha, seemed to be seeking to counter the perception that the proceedings in Lok Sabha had hindered the opposition's effort to corner the government in the monsoon session. He criticized the Congress chief for not ensuring implementation of the Assam Accord that her late husband Rajiv Gandhi had signed with student leaders of Assam who spearheaded the popular agitation against influx of illegal Bangladeshi immigrants in the 1980s.On the government mishandling the Assam situation, Prasad said, \"Ms Sonia Gandhi, please tell the country clearly whether you accept Rajiv Gandhi's Assam Accord of 1985... Please explain where you stand on the issue. BJP wants the accord to be implemented. Will you tell your government to implement it?\"\"If she does not reply to the question or make her stand clear, it will be a clear case of vote bank politics,\" Prasad added.The 1985 accord signed between Rajiv Gandhi, the then prime minister, and Prafulla Mahanta, then chief minister of Assam, said that those immigrants who came to the state from Bangladesh till 1966 would be given citizenship, those who came between 1967 and 1971 would be allowed to settle down but not given voting rights and those who entered after 1971 would be deported.\"This (not implementing the accord) is a gross case of abuse of power for vote bank politics,\" Prasad said.No steps were taken by successive governments from 1985 to 1997 to implement the accord, Prasad said and insisted that had this been done, the present scenario would be very different in Assam.He pointed out that the controversial Illegal Migrants (Determination by Tribunal) Act, 1983, was scrapped by the Supreme Court and as per the accord, detection would be done on the basis of the Foreigners' Act of 1946 which puts the onus of proving citizenship on the individual.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15429864", "title": "Police to seek citizens\u2019 help to curb crime", "text": "MANGALORE: In the wake of increasing number of crime incidents in the city, police are contemplating taking citizens' help to curb unlawful activities. Citizens with a clean image will be recruited as crime prevention wardens to tackle crimes like chain snatching, house break-ins, prostitution or any unlawful activities in their neighbourhood.Their job is to alert police of any suspicious activities or movements of people in their respective jurisdiction, police commissioner K L Sudheer said. \"We are in the process of selecting those who are willing to work as wardens from each locality. This is aimed at bringing down the crime rate. However, the service of wardens will not be used for investigation,\" he said.People who are residing in one locality for more than a decade will be roped in for the purpose. Their identity will be kept confidential. Any person willing to support police for the cause may approach the jurisdiction police station and register their names. The service of active members of the citizen committee will also be used for the purpose. People with a clean image will be roped in as crime prevention wardens.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15429684", "title": "Private schools may boycott October board exams", "text": "NASHIK: The federation of private schools, which is demanding immediate release of non-salary grants, has threatened to boycott the board examinations by closing down schools thereby hampering the availability of infrastructure for the exams.Presenting a memorandum to the resident deputy collector, president of the state-wide federation of private schools, former mion nister Vijay Naval Patil, along with some of those on the board of directors of the educational institutes of the district and the parents of the students in the schools, have warned the state government of non-cooperation during the board exams if non-salary grants were not released by the central and state governments immediately.\"We have warned the government that the schools would not allow their infrastructure to be used for the board examinations to be conducted in October,\" Vijay Naval Patil said.\"The central government owes Rs 1,200 crore while the state owes Rs 750 crore as aid to the schools which have been given permission as unaided schools. It is interesting to note that the state has the highest number of private schools in the country and the fact that the state government is contemplating handing over the responsibility of some government schools to private organizations underlines the importance of such private schools in the state,\" Patil added.By not giving the non-salary grant to the schools, both the central and the state governments are hampering the development of students since the schools are unable to provide the necessary facilities to these students. \"The governments are discriminating against the children and the parents have also demanded that the grant be released at the earliest,\" Gopal Patil, director of Day Care School said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15426835", "title": "Man makes unusual divorce request", "text": "MUMBAI: A man who appealed against a divorce order granted to his wife by the Bandra family court last year has sought a public apology from her for involving his parents in criminal proceedings. The apology must be in a leading newspaper and the condition is for him to agree to divorce by mutual consent.The peculiar request came on Thursday in a case heard by a bench of judges V M Kanade and K K Tated in the Bombay high court. Ranjit Sharma (name changed), a businessman, had appealed against an August 2011 divorce order. Three months after the order, his ex-wife Malini (name changed) remarried. She had married another man from a reputed family in Mumbai last November.Her marriage to Ranjit was in 2005; trouble began soon and peaked in two years.With his appeal up for hearing, Ranjit through his counsels Avinash Avhad and Rachita Dhuru said Malini must apologize to his parents for accusing them of cruelty. A criminal case filed by her under the dreaded section 498-A of the Indian Penal Code for cruelty to wife by the husband and his parents had ended in an acquittal for Ranjit and his parents. But the state had appealed against the decision.Malini's counsel Shyam Mehta said she was ready to give the apology. \"It will be on page 3 of the newspaper,\" said Mehta. He also told the court that Malini was willing to give three apologies, all directed to Ranjit's parents, for filing the section 498-A case. \"One apology will be in the newspaper, one in writing and one personal,\" Mehta said.However, he said that since the apology was the main condition, the question was whether it should be given first and then the consent terms for the divorce filed or should both processes be simultaneous. Avhad repeatedly insisted that the apology be tendered and published before the criminal proceedings were quashed. But Mehta said that since the court had to follow proceedings, he wished to avoid any situation where an apology was given but the quashing process delayed.The criminal appeal was also pending said Aabad Ponda the wife's counsel for the criminal case and needs to be quashed. Malini, a law graduate, is also facing a case of alleged forgery, a charge she denies and now wants dropped. She is on bail in the forgery case said his lawyers. He said she ought to publish the public apology first. The HC after hearing both sides asked for the criminal case papers to be placed before it and posted the matter after a week to pass orders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15427092", "title": "Tall claims take the shine off celeb endorsers", "text": "CHENNAI: When the emu scam broke, investors were enraged with not just the firm that had made false promises. They were equally disenchanted with film actors Sarath Kumar and Sathyaraj, brand ambassadors for the scheme. The duo had appeared in TV advertisements for Susi Emu Farms, calling it one of the most lucrative business ventures while district collectors were sending out advisories cautioning people against investing in such schemes.After Susi Emu Farms went bust, there was talk of pressing charges against the actors though no case has been filed against them yet. But it has once again raised the issue of celebrities endorsing products or services that often don't live up to the claims they make and the responsibility they have towards the public.\"Brand building is a long exercise, it takes time to nurture a brand,\" says Ashok Vidyasagar, business director of Big Synergy Media Ltd, a media company that creates TV software and content. \"Celebs are used to ensure quick sale and connect. It is also a way to differentiate the brand from others.\"So you have celebs endorsing everything from weight-loss pills and detergents to investment schemes. And some of the more controversial ads have also run into trouble. In July, the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) department decided to take action against Bollywood actors Govinda and Jackie Shroff for endorsing herbal oil as the claims it made were false. The FDA decided to book not just the actors and promoters of the brand but also the ad script writers and TV channels airing the commercials.Ad agencies say the responsibility mainly rests on the client and the celebrity. \"When the client approaches us with a product, we give it a character and see which celeb would fit in with the brand's character,\" says Kailash Kondath, account director of ad agency FCB Ulka in Mumbai. \"We identify a few people and the client makes the decision.\"Since the client pays the celeb directly, the legal agreement is between them, says Sajan Prathap Singh, senior creative director of Chennai-based Rubecon Communications Pvt Ltd. \"There are also celeb management agencies that act as a link between the client and the celeb.\" Ideally, all ads should also be run past the Advertising Standards Council of India. \"A marketer or advertiser should explain the ad to the governing body. If the product makes any claims, authentic documents should be submitted to back these claims, which should also have government approval, before the ad is aired,\" says Kondath. However, 98% marketers don't do it, he says. \"It depends on the brand, marketer and agency if they want to do it or not. There is no written rule that it has to be done,\" says Kondath. Usually, the ads are aired and since it takes at least a week for any complaint to be registered and even if they have to pull it off the air, they have achieved what they wanted, he adds.Some celebs are cautious about signing the deal. \"Musician Zakir Husain has his own attorney who goes through the details of the contract and evaluate all parameters,\" says Vidyasagar.Actor Abbas says he turns down product endorsements if he is not convinced about the quality of the product or the light in which it is presented. \"When I endorsed a household cleaning product, I actually tried it out in my own home,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15432732", "title": "Marathi movie Kumbharwada Dongri launched", "text": "Muhurat of Marathi film 'Kumbharwada - Dongri' was held recently in Mumbai. The film which is based on crime, politics and social issues is directed by Sadanand Pappu Laad and will be produced by Ankita Laad under the banner Ankur movies.The film will mark the debut of Ankur Swami. Apart from him, actors like Samidha Bandiwadekar, Sandesh Jadhav, K.T Anandrao, Bharti Patil, Aniket Kelkar, Ravindra Berde and others are playing important roles in the film.The song 'Dahikalyacha Utsav Chaan Re, Kuni Jau Naka Laamb Re' is exclusively picturised as per the customs of Dahi Handi. The song was shot with great enthusiasm where group of girls and boys shot for the Dahi Handi sequence in the song. Lyrics of the song has been written by Pappu Laad while Ashok Wayangankar has composed the music.The movie is entirely based on Kumbharwada - Dongri, the place known for criminal activities. The story focuses on a young boy who gets into the mess of underworld and how his life changes from that point. The story of the film is written by Pappu Laad, screenplay and dialogues are done by Prakash Bhalekar.The makers are willing to complete the film shooting soon and are keen on releasing the film by Diwali end. Source: gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15427265", "title": "5 years after hanging up his boots, ADGP becomes DGP", "text": "CHENNAI: Five years after S V Venkatakrishnan retired as additional director-general of police, the Madras high court has ordered his notional promotion as director-general of police and rapped the then state government for victimising him by denying the post.Venkatakrishnan, a 1974 batch IPS officer, retired as ADGP on September 30, 2007 though he ought to have been promoted as DGP after 30 years of service. The Madras bench of the Central Administrative Tribunal (CAT) upheld his claim on July 23, 2008 and directed the government to consider his representation for promotion as DGP. But by an order on September 21, 2007, the then government again denied him DGP post saying it had only four DGP posts in the state, and the post that fell vacant after the retirement of S Ramani was an ex-cadre post and hence the government did not think it necessary to fill it up with Venkatakrishnan.When Venkatakrishnan challenged the order, the tribunal again allowed his plea. The present appeal by the home secretary is against the second order of the tribunal.A division bench comprising Justice Elipe Dharma Rao and Justice M Venugopal, dismissing the appeal of the home secretary, said: \"Singling out Venkatakrishnan and transferring him to Trichy as chief vigilance officer of the TN State Transport Corporation, Kumbakonam in June 2006, requiring him to report to the MD of the TNSTC who is in the rank of superintending engineer, and then slapping a memo for an alleged dereliction after a lapse of 13 yearsand non-filling up of the vacancy of S Ramani that fell vacant on July 31, 2007 - all these drive us to arrive at a conclusion that the home secretary is biased against Venkatakrishnan.\"The judges said: \"The CAT has correctly analysed the entire gamut of the case in its proper perspective, and arrived at the conclusion. We do not find any need to interfere with the well-reasoned CAT order.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15427232", "title": "Don\u2019t reveal kids\u2019 identity, high court to media", "text": "NEW DELHI: Personal and material information, including the identity of the child can't be revealed by the media in stories related to sexual offences, elopement and drug abuse.This has been made clear by the Delhi high court which has approved a set of guidelines following objections over media reporting in one of the cases. HC gave its nod to guidelines drawn up by a committee it had appointed in February this year. \"Media shall ensure that a child's identity is not revealed in any manner, including but not limited to, disclosure of personal information, photograph, school or locality and information of the family including the address\", the committee said in its guidelines on media coverage of cases, including trafficking or organized crime.The committee, comprising principal magistrate of the Juvenile Justice Board (JJB), a member of National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR), representatives of an NGO, and a nominee from the Press Council of India, said the media should keep in mind kids' privacy, dignity, physical and emotional development while covering news involving them.The guidelines add the media shouldn't sensationalize stories relating to children and to be \"conscious of the consequences of disclosing information in a sensational form and the harm it may cause to children.\"The bench had earlier asked the committee to frame guidelines for the media after taking a serious view of reports disclosing the identity of a two-year-old battered child admitted in AIIMS who later died.The committee also suggested that state governments as well as the central government through its various departments, including Prasar Bharati, should give publicity about the guidelines related to reporting, broadcasting or publication of news on kids.The media shall ensure that any picture or video which shows the child's face must be completely morphed in case where privacy is required, say the guidelines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15426441", "title": "Students demand more seats at Government Law College", "text": "INDORE: Demanding increase in number of seats at Government Law College (GLC) in city, about hundred students protested at the additional director, higher education office. They alleged that the GLC is the only government college in Indore division, and a large number of students belonging to middle class families study here.One of the students said, \"Due to limited seats in the college, law aspirants are deprived from studying the course. The future of students hangs in balance. Seats should be increased in proportion to the students population in Indore division.\"The protest led by National Students' Union of India (NSUI) submitted a memorandum to the additional director, higher education Narendra Dhakad to take up the matter to Bar Council of India (BCI). Sahil Farroqui, an NSUI leader said, \"Education at GLC is affordable. Seats should be increased so that maximum number of students get chance to study law.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15432012", "title": "Now, Ranchi colleges to impose dress code", "text": "Post threats to curb wearing jeans, colleges want to impose a dress code.With Jharkhand Mukti Sangh issuing threats to girls for wearing jeans and not using a dupatta, principals of Ranchi's colleges are unanimous about following a dress code on campuses. Though they are vehemently condemning the act that created a panic nationally, they are also thinking of taking some precautionary measures to prevent any occurrence of untoward incidents.Amrendra Nath Ojha, principal of Ranchi College, says, \"Personally, I strongly condemn any such threats and illegal acts. But, I also feel that youngsters should behave responsibly and dress decently whether they are inside or outside the campus. To ensure that, following a dress code on campus can be a solution. We already have dress codes for students in the vocational courses.\"Keeping in mind the current situation, Ojha wants to might make the dress code mandatory for all students. \"As far as the security of students is considered, we always have been prompt and cautious. Moreover, it is the responsibility of the district administration to maintain law and order. We should trust them to do their jobs properly,\" Ojha says.Though Manju Sinha, the principal of Women's College in Ranchi, thinks that the posters might be a hoax spreading a sense of fear and panic in the city, she is also in favour of a particular dress code. \"I am saying this keeping in mind that the security of the students can never be compromised,\" she says.Considering the slack in the law and order system in the city and recent incidents of crime on college campuses, I think it's viable to start a dress code for the students.,\" she says.Nirmala College already has a dress code for its students \u2014 salwar suits for regular students and formal trousers and shirt for the students studying vocational courses. According to the principal, Sister Priscilla, \"We don't allow the students to wear jeans as it's too informal for an educational institution. Sometimes, the newcomers do come in jeans. But as soon as we spot them, we give them clear instructions to abide by the rules. But, I think, maintaining the security is the concern of the district administration, not us.\"Vishnu Shankar Tiwari, principal of Doranda College, feels that we live in a free and healthy society and every individual has a right to dress as he or she wishes. But, one has to maintain the decency line. \"We have a dress code on our campus, but that doesn't mean we are against girls wearing jeans. The dress code on campus helps us to maintain the rules and regulations. For instance, we have different dress codes for every stream. So, when a commerce student is spotted wandering around the campus in the afternoon (at a time when the commerce classes are supposed to be over), we can easily understand that he is breaking rules. The dress code also helps to differentiate between college students and outsiders,\" he clarifies. But, to combat against the threats, he believes parents and teachers should help girls to be strong enough to handle any kinds of unwanted situations. \"I'm planning to start karate classes soon for our girl students. They shouldn't succumb to any threats,\" he signs off.No jeans please!July 2012: Kashmir's religious group \u2014 Jamaat-e-Islami \u2014 asked tourists visiting the valley to \"respect local sensibilities and ethos\" and not move around in mini skirts.May 2012: The Woman and Child Department (WCD) of Haryana government asked its employees not to wear jeans and T-shirts to work.January 2011: A khap panchayat in Muzaffarnagar banned girls from wearing jeans. Village elders blamed the attire for provoking eve-teasing and encouraging young couples to elope.June 2010: Mumbai's Krishna Menon College denied admission to the girl students wearing \"tight-jeans\", claiming that such clothing taints its reputation.December 2010: A local government college in Bhopal, in a bid to instill Indian culture on its campus, asked female teachers not to wear jeans and instead switch to saris while on campus.June 2009: Four leading women's colleges of Kanpur banned students from wearing jeans besides other tight-fitting clothes, sleeveless blouses and high heels on campus. The students have also been instructed not to carry cellphones on the campus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15428999", "title": "Janmashtami: Festive fever grips Ranchi", "text": "RANCHI: Janmashtami which marks the birth of Lord Krishna was celebrated with enormous zeal and fervour in the state capital on Thursday. The city reverberated with devotional songs as the temples and various committees marked the occasion with rituals and ceremony.The temples were beautifully decorated with flowers, ribbons, lights and cradles were prepared by priests to welcome Lord Krishna. People thronged the temples from 6pm waiting for the midnight to arrive as it is considered the time of birth of Lord Krishna. Maha arti was organized at midnight at every Krishna temple in the city.Many people observed fast and some even kept nirjala vrata (fast without drinking even water) on Janamashtami. Rakhi, a devotee said, \"I fasted today as it is said that if you fast on Janmashtami, Lord Krishna fulfils all your wishes.\"Programs like fancy dress and painting competitions for children were organized by various committees like Shree Ram Bharat Milaap Samiti and Shree Krishna Samiti. Competitions were also organized by playschools in the capital.Mohit, a six year-old who participated in fancy dress competition said, \"My mother dressed me up like Lord Krishna and I got to put a peacock feather on my head. The girls of my class dressed up like Radha and we all danced when our teacher played music.\"For the first time in city, a Dahi Handi (curd pot) competition will be organized on Friday night by Shri Krishna Janmotsav Samiti at Albert Ekka Chowk. The registrations for the competition continued till late evening on Thursday. The winning team will get Rs.31, 000 as prize money and many teams were seen practicing for the competition at Jaipal Singh stadium.One of the participants, Rajesh said, \"I am extremely excited about the competition. I just used to see it on television but for the first time I will get a chance to actually participate in it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15428698", "title": "Kanpur in grip of Janmashtami festivities", "text": "KANPUR: Janmashtami celebrations began with religious fun and fervour in the city on Thursday. The celebrations will continue on Friday. Many temples were tastefully decorated.Janmashtami festivities, celebrated as birthday of Lord Krishna, are held for two days. The first day is dedicated to the celebrations in temples. Next day, the festival is celebrated at homes.\"This year, the festival is being celebrated at homes on both the days because ashtami is falling on two days. Those who celebrate festival from 'udaya thithi' will celebrate on Friday and others celebrated it on Thursday,\" said a priest.People decorated tableaux at houses in various forms, depicting various forms of 'Krishna Lila'. The kids were witnessed shopping for decorative items for the tableau at home.\"I have made a 'jhaki' of Lord Krishna holding Govardhan mountain on his smallest finger. It took me five hours to make mountain from cardboard and thermacoal. Everyone praised the tableau,\" said Harshit and his sister Shraddha.The kids also prepared some new types of 'jhakies'. These trendy tableaux consisted of cartoon characters, political leaders and animated figures. Kids also used floral decorations.The temples were decorated with Chinese lights, rangoli and various types of flowers. The tableaux were depicting various stages of Lord Krishna's life. The idols were decorated with flowers.In some temples, skits would be held. Prizes would be given to the 'cutest' Lord Krishna in Radha and Krishna contest. The children will also perform 'rasleela' and other 'Krishna leela'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "15428301", "title": "S K Nanda is Narendra Modi\u2019s home secretary", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: S K Nanda, who was a student leader in Delhi and close to the Congress coterie under Sanjay Gandhi during the Emergency days, is the new head of the home department in Gujarat.Nanda, who currently works in the state forests and environment department, was given home in a late night shuffle on Thursday. Many believe this is strange development given his closeness to UPA leaders.He has been given the new posting at a time when he faces a departmental inquiry, because of which he has not been promoted as additional chief secretary from principal secretary. Till now, he has served on what are considered sidelined postings.The new home secretary was once the acting president of the Youth Congress-backed Delhi University Students Union. At that time, senior BJP leader Arun Jaitley headed the ABVP. Soon after Emergency, however, Nanda developed serious differences with the Congress and later joined the IAS.The Gujarat government has simultaneously appointed Varesh Sinha, who was additional chief secretary, home, as the new head of the state finance department. The finance post had fallen vacant after M M Shrivastav retired last month.Officials said the move to give Sinha the finance department also pointed to the possibility that he would be appointed as the next chief secretary after A K Joti retires in January 2013. Most chief secretaries in the last nearly a decade - Manjula Subramaniam, Sudhir Mankad, D Rajagopalan and Joti - were made to work in finance before they took over the state administration.In yet another move, the government has transferred principal secretary, water supply, H K Dash, to state environment and forests department. Dash is considered industry-friendly. Rajiv Gupta, MD, Gujarat Civil Supplies Corporation, replaces Dash.Also, K Srinivas, who is joint managing director of the Sardar Sarovar Narmada Nigam Ltd, has been transferred as secretary, general administration department (GAD). He will continue to be in charge of the Sardar statue project, proposed as the highest statue in the world and will come up at the Narmada dam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15427215", "title": "Chennai looks at National Capital Region model for expansion", "text": "CHENNAI: The Chennai Metropolitan Area (CMA) is likely to expand by eight times - from 1,189 sq km to 8,878 sq km - as the regulatory body is inclined to extend its jurisdiction up to Arakkonam in Vellore district. Both Tiruvallur and Kancheepuram districts would also be part of the CMA if the government gives its nod.At a seminar on regional planning perspectives, organized by the Chennai Metropolitan Development Authority here on Thursday to discuss its expansion plan, urban planners cautioned that unless a sustainable development model was adopted, there would be problems. Though the CMDA had another choice of expanding the jurisdiction to 4,459 sq km by culling out some taluks in the nearby districts, there aren't too many takers for it, it is learnt.There are three major highways and two rail networks cutting across the proposed CMA jurisdiction and the planning agency plans to use them as major transit corridors.The seminar debated issues that could crop up in the process of expanding the CMA. The expansion plan was first proposed in October 2011 and the government is yet to take a decision on it. Officials claim the expansion of CMA would decongest the city. The idea is copied from the National Capital Region, where unlike Chennai, more than one state is involved. \"Here, instead of several states, several districts are being included,\" said an official.Apart from CMDA officials, experts and senior urban planners from Delhi, Mumbai, Bangalore and Hyderabad metropolitan authorities, Chennai Corporation and several other state government departments took part in the event. Chennai seeks to learn from the experiences of other cities that have already gone through the expansion process. Hyderabad completed the its expansion in 2008, extending the area from 1,860 sq km to 7,100 sq km. Bangalore Metropolitan Regional Development Authority covers 8,005 sq km. A senior CMDA official said, \"Like people in many western countries, Chennaiites will also love to stay in the countryside and travel to downtown areas to work.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15432430", "title": "UP minister Shivpal Yadav tells bureaucrats: Work hard, steal a little", "text": "NEW DELHI: Uttar Pradesh chief minister Akhilesh Yadav's uncle and PWD minister Shivpal Yadav has given 'official sanction' to the bureaucrats of the state to indulge in a little bit of corruption.In a meeting with district officials in Etah on Thursday, Shivpal Yadav told the bureaucrats that it is okay to steal a little if they work hard.Chairing the meeting of district programme committee Shivpal said, \"Maine to usi din PWD walo se khule aam keh diya tha agar mehnat karoge to thodi bahut chori kar sakte ho, dakaiti nahi daloge (I have already told PWD people openly that if you work hard, you can steal a little, but don't behave like dacoits\".\"Agar mehnat karoge, jee lagaoge, agar inhe meetha paani de doge to chori kar sakte ho (If you work hard, if you give them water then you can steal),\" he had stated. With his remark drawing criticism from all quarters, Shivpal Yadav hurriedly called a news conference on Friday to explain the context of his statement and control the damage.He claimed that his comment was not reported in totality and that he made the statement in the context of the previous BSP government.\"What has been reported in the press is out of context. I had stated that the erstwhile government had indulged in largescale corruption, cheating and stealing which, I said, should be stopped hundred per cent,\" the minister said, adding that the SP government had come to power vowing to end corruption.When reporters persisted with the questions on his controversial remarks, Shivpal said, \"I have taken back those words. So, why are you raking it up. I have always cooperated with the press. I don't know why the media is targeting me\". Training his guns on the media, the UP PWD minister questioned the presence of mediamen in the district review meeting.He said it is wrong on the part of media to report off the record statements.Reacting on Shivpal Yadav's remark, former Samajwadi Party leader Shahid Siddiqui said that it is an extremely dangerous statement. He claimed that the Uttar Pradesh PWD minister wanted to bring down the state government.(With inputs from PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15431954", "title": "I can't imagine getting into a relationship: Pratyusha Banerjee", "text": "Pratyusha Banerjee \u2014 who plays Anandi in the popular serial \"Balika Vadhu\" \u2014 turns 21 today and is throwing her first party in Mumbai. The excited birthday girl said, \"I will call my friends from \"Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa\" such as Bharti, Deepak, Jia and Nishant, who are really close to me. I am excited about this bash.\" The good news is that her ex-boyfriend, Makrand Malhotra, will also be present.So, is she single now? Pratyusha says, \"After coming to Mumbai, I was in a relationship, which is not there anymore. It was a terrible period of heartbreak for me as I was very serious about it. I don't know why it didn't work out. I don't believe in love anymore. I am actually scared of it. Maybe someday in the future I will again start believing in love. Right now, I don't think I can again get into another relationship. Maybe I have better things lined up for me in future,\" said Pratyusha, who is still nursing her wounds.However, the sad episode in her life hasn't deterred Pratyusha from dreaming big. The pretty woman wants to work with Shah Rukh Khan, Karan Johar and Yash Chopra if film offers come her way. But just like her character in \" Balika  Vadhu \", she is mature for her age and is sure that she doesn't want to do dare-bare roles. \"I want to work in films, but without compromising on my dignity. Three-four years down the line I would want to tie the knot. Whether I work or not depends on the family I get married to. I believe nothing is permanent and that's why I am not desperate.\"So, has she already started thinking of marriage? \"Yes, I love the idea of marriage. I will get married to a guy of my parents' choice. Getting married is a childhood dream for me. Bachpan se sapna tha ki meri shadi hogi. Shadi hogi to mai yeh karungi, woh karungi. Phir mujhe ghar ghar khelna bhi bahut achha lagta tha , though I used to face a lot of flak for it at home,\" the girl added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "two schoolchildren have died in the past two weeks in accidents involving school vehicles whose owners brazenly violated safety norms. here's why, according to operators that schools outsource their transport services from", "code": "15429119", "title": "Private school van operators say sticking to safety rules makes business unviable", "text": "Two schoolchildren have died in the past two weeks in accidents involving school vehicles whose owners brazenly violated safety norms. Here's why, according to operators that schools outsource their transport services from: Safety costs too much.Few schools own buses to transport students as most find it too troublesome to purchase and maintain the fleet as well as be responsible for children's safety. They give contracts to private transport agencies to ferry their students, washing their hands of all accountability. Private transport agencies say schools pay them too little and adhering to road safety rules makes business unviable.After six-year-old Shruthi Sethumadhavan of Zion Matriculation School died after falling through a hole in the school bus, the Madras high court had directed the government to take criminal and civil action against the school management and others responsible for the death. Police arrested the school correspondent, two administrative officers in the school and the bus driver. The transport department cracked down on vehicle owners, inspecting close to 17,500 school buses statewide and suspended the permits of more than 450 vehicles.However, school officials and transport companies insist that following the guidelines, which include limited seating capacity, will cause them losses. \"It also puts more responsibility on us,\" said a school head who did not want to be named.According to V Vairasekhar, president of the Tamil Nadu School Van Drivers Association, it costs an average of Rs 3.20 lakh per year to run a bus, including salary of drivers and helpers, fuel, maintenance and meeting the norms to get fitness certification for the vehicle. \"We need to carry at least 20 children per van to make a profit,\" he said. \"We should be allowed to carry more children. The government should also give us tax subsidies that are given to school buses. If these conditions are met, we are willing to comply with the guidelines.\" The TN School Van Drivers Association runs around 10,000 buses in the city.The association also promised to lower the height of the seats so children can sit more securely and provide seat belts in all vehicles. \"This will cost around Rs 10,000 and also not allow us to use the vehicles for any other purpose,\" said Vairasekhar. \"If running a bus is not economically viable, how can we provide safety features?\" Parents are not amused with the argument. \"Not being profitable is no excuse for being unsafe,\" said Hema Malini , a parent of a six-year-old student.Data from the transport department shows that Chennai had only 2,749 buses as of April 1, 2012. There are more than 6.85 lakh students in the city. As a result, most parents depend on private operators to take their children to school. These vans are not registered as 'school buses' and so are not legally bound to follow the guidelines set for school buses under the Motor Vehicles Act.The Madras high court has directed the transport department to frame specific guidelines for buses carrying schoolchildren. The department submitted the report to the home secretary and is waiting for it to be approved.School drivers throw caution to windM Ramya When Sethumadhavan, the father of six-year-old Shruthi and an autorickshaw driver, heard about his daughter's death, he made sure that all the schoolchildren in his vehicle were taken safely to their houses before he headed home to grieve. In most accidents, however, the driver is usually the first to flee the spot. They are entrusted with the lives of thousands of schoolchildren, but drivers and attendants of private school vans are given little training about how to ensure that the children stay safe. \"Even if vehicles meet the specifications, the drivers and attendants of private vehicles do not follow the Supreme Court guidelines.There is nobody to question or monitor them,\" said a school principal. Drivers associations said they were guided by their conscience and individuals learn about safety on the job. \"There is no centre that provides such training. We are not considered part of the system, and yet we are penalised for not following the rules,\" said Peter, who drives nursery schoolchildren. Tamil Nadu School Van Drivers' Association state organiser K Raghu said it was hard to find drivers because the state awarded a public service badge only to those who have passed Class 8. \"If a person can drive the vehicle and sticks to the time schedule he is given the job. Practical difficulties involved allow us to employ only lady attendants. This raises the cost considerably,\" he said.School Van Auto Drivers Welfare Association advisor S Balasubramaniam said the safety regulations that schools were supposed to follow could be applied to private vehicles owners as well but said they should come with some benefits. \"If the children of drivers are given a seat in the same school then they will obviously be more responsible. The government should also frame a healthcare policy for drivers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "15428380", "title": "Man missing after trawler capsize untraceable", "text": "VASCO: Even twenty four hours after a trawler on which he was working capsized on Wednesday morning off the Sada coast, Ravi Annaji, 50, is still untraceable. According to police, the trawler named 'Mallikarjun' belonging to Devendra Canconkar capsized early Wednesday morning.Sources said that there were four workers including Annaji on board the trawler. The other three persons managed to swim to safety but unfortunately Annaji, a native of Tamil Nadu, went missing alongwith the trawler.The search and rescue operations for the missing person continued till Thursday but he could not be traced.The trawler had left the Cortalim jetty at about 7am on Wednesday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15428457", "title": "Directorate General of Civil Aviation, Airports Authority of India team inspects airport, status quo likely", "text": "PATNA: A team of Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) and Airports Authority of India (AAI) inspected the Jaiprakash Narayan International Airport on Thursday and inspected the removal of encumbrances in landing of big aircraft at the airport.The three-member team comprising JS Rawat, joint director, DGCA, GK Chowkiyal, member operation, AAI, and Sanjay Kumar , inspector, DGCA used a chopper to inspect the state government's claim about removing obstructions. The team, along with the airport officials, also visited Bihta.Chowkiyal said, \"The departments concerned are satisfied with the work done by the state government. A detailed report would be submitted to the DGCA regarding the revised length of Patna airport.\" He, however, did not rule out the possibility of withdrawal of the NOTAM circulated to the airlines operating Airbus 320 and Boeing 737 at Patna airport.According to a Patna airport official, \"The DGCA team would inform us about the withdrawal of the NOTAM in a day or two. Their response in this regard was positive.\"Four airlines have already stopped taking bookings after August 16. They have also decided to refund the ticket price without any deduction. \"The companies are here to do business. Even if a single ticket gets cancelled, it is a loss to the airline. We hope to get a final call from both the DGCA and state government soon,\" said the operation manager of an airline.An airport official said as the IAF airport at Bihta has a runway of 8,200 feet and is less utilized, the DGCA and AAI have always considered Bihta as an alternative to Patna airport.According to the airport official, \"Acquiring just 500 to 800 acres of land at the western end of the Bihta airport will help us have a runway length of 9,000 feet which is conducive for big aircraft and operation of international flights.\"The Sanjay Gandhi Biological Park authorities said there are only 70 trees left to be pruned for the safe landing of big aircraft. In a move to make the Patna airport fit for safe landing of flights, a meeting was held between a team of the Union ministry of environment and forest from Bhubaneswar and the Airports Authority of India (AAI) here last month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15432762", "title": "HCL Infosystems bags Rs 2200 cr UID contract", "text": "NEW DELHI: After a delay of over 12 months, the Unique ID Authority on Friday finally awarded the managed service provider contract to Noida-based IT hardware and system integration firm HCL Infosystems.The IT firm will manage the IT infrastructure which will contain data records of 1.2 billion Indian residents, and issue UID numbers. It will be the largest project of its kind in the world.The letter of intent was awarded by UIDAI earlier this year, but it finally signed the contract with HCL Info on August 7, after negotiations.According to sources, HCL Infosystems had bid about Rs 2200 crore for the MSP contract, beating TCS, Accenture, Tech Mahindra, Wipro and others who were in the race since beginning. IBM and HP had backed out of the race.BB Nanawati, DDG (technology), UIDAI said, \"With the award of the MSP contract to HCL Infosystems Limited, UIDAI looks forward to maximise efficiency and to bring to fruition the goal of providing a unique identification number to every Indian.\"As per the contract HCL Infosystems has been awarded the Managed Service Provider (MSP) to implement and manage the Central ID Repository (CIDR) for UIDAI. The contract is for a period of seven years.The entire end-to-end technology infrastructure of the UIDAI will be managed by HCL Infosystems.As the MSP, HCL Infosystems will be responsible for procurement and installation of the IT infrastructure, implementation of information security management systems and operations support and maintenance. The scope of work also includes technical helpdesk, support services and database administration.APS Bedi, EVP, HCL Infosystems said, \"As the MSP for the project we are committed to meand deliver our defined scope of work which broadly covers the implementation and the management of the Central ID Repository for UIDAI. We would like to thank UIDAI for giving us this opportunity to be part of this huge nation building project.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15429842", "title": "DC proposes, shopowners dispose", "text": "MYSORE: If everything goes according to plan, movement of motorized vehicles in the heritage core area - surrounding Mysore Palace and a segment of Sayyaji Rao Road -- will be restricted during weekends. This means a welcome fillip to non-motorized vehicles like bicycle, battery vehicles and tongas.Now that the bicycle promotion is in full swing after deputy commissioner P S Vastrad initiated pedal-to- work campaign, the DC is planning to restrict movement of motorized vehicles on Sayyaji Rao Road for at least two hours during weekends on n experimental basis. But the Mysore Chamber of Commerce and Industry and Sayyaji Rao Road shopowners and tenants association members are opposing it.A police officer felt that the idea would work in the long run. Traffic has increased by leaps and bounds over the years in the core area of Mysore city and definitely there is urgent need to address the issue.As there is not much scope to widen the stretch, it is better to promote non-motorized vehicles and mass transportation.Vastrad told TOI that recently he held a meeting with the traders. ``As some of them were against the proposed idea, I have given them time to reconsider the decision. The proposed idea is feasible in the long run and we want to try it,'' he explained.The DC is expected to meet the traders again next week. Meanwhile, Mysore Sayyaji Rao Road shopowners and tenants association members have resolved to oppose the proposed move claiming there is no air or sound pollution as also no congestion in the core area. They have appealed to the DC to reconsider his decision saying that it would inconvenience them.When contacted, MCCI president Sudharkar Shetty said:``The idea is not feasible as Sayyaji Rao Road is a main thoroughfare in the central business district.'' After a study revealed that the country's famous monument Taj Mahal is facing a threat from pollution, central government recommended to the states to protect monuments. Following this, the directorate of urban land transport, Karnataka, suggested promotion of non-motorized vehicles in the core area surrounding Mysore Palace and old monuments to protect the sites, reduce pollution as well as to reduce congestion.There were also plans to relocate the city bus stand adjoining the charming Mysore Palace structure to ensure structural stability of the palace and make way for a garden and to provide parking for non-motorized vehicles like tongas there. But meanwhile KSRTC authorities had got cleared a project to upgrade the bus stand under JNNURM. Hence, the proposed idea has been suspended temporarily.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "15429770", "title": "Woman beaten up, burnt to death for dowry", "text": "JAISALMER: A 21-year-old woman, who was assaulted and set ablaze by her husband and mother-in-law for dowry in Barmer district, died of her injuries at a hospital here on Wednesday night.On August 1, the victim's husband and his mother allegedly assaulted her and then sprinkled kerosene and set her on fire. The woman, in flames, ran to her relative's place nearby, from where she was taken to a government hospital. As her condition deteriorated, she was shifted to the Mahatma Gandhi Memorial hospital in Jodhpur. The victim, Ramila, told police that her husband and mother-in-law kept physically torturing her since her marriage three years ago. She also told cops that her husband had no physical relationship with her. The role of police in the case has come under scanner as no arrest has been made despite recording the victim's statement.\"We are investigating the case,\" said an officer at Siwana police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15429124", "title": "Two held in cash snatching case", "text": "RANCHI: District police on Thursday arrested two boys in connection with cash snatching cases while two others managed to escape. Shankar Das (23) and Bandi Kaliyasa (21), who were arrested, hail from Odisha. They have been living in the city for the last three months and were involved in the crime, Ranchi SSP Saket Kumar Singh said.Both the arrested boys have accepted their involvement in the crime. CCTV footage obtained from banks in the city helped the police trace the criminals near SBI main branch here. Three mobile phones, Rs 20,000 cash and a bike were recovered from them. The police claimed that the duo is accused in at least 24 cases in different parts of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15427082", "title": "House panel seeks ban on field trials of GM crops", "text": "NEW DELHI: Castigating the Union government processes for clearing genetically modified (GM) crops without proper scientific scrutiny of their impacts, the Parliamentary Standing Committee on Agriculture said it was more than convinced that there are better options available for increasing food production and productivity than transgenic crops. It asked for a ban on field trials of GM crops till a much better monitoring, oversight and surveillance mechanism replaces the existing defunct processes and all concerns of the panel are addressed.The committee, which includes 11 Congress MPs and is headed by Basudeb Acharia , presented its report on GM crops on Thursday slamming the clearance and monitoring system of the government spanning various ministries. \"The entire system reflects a pro-industry tilt which is best avoided,\" the report said.It said the system was grossly inadequate and antiquated. Noting the inability of the government to monitor impacts of growing GM crops, the committee said, \"In such a scenario how the government intends to deal with the effects of cultivation of transgenic crops outside containment defies logic.\"The Parliamentary panel has recommended a fresh roadmap for ensuring food security without the use of GM food crops so that the biodiversity, livestock health and safety of human health is not jeopardized or compromised.It noted that lakhs of tonnes of Bt Cotton seed oil has gone into the food chain during last 10 years without anybody in the government being aware or concerned about it.Elucidating on the impact of Bt Cotton on farmers and agriculture, the committee said, \"There have been no significant socio-economic benefits to the farmers because of introduction of Bt Cotton. On the contrary, being a capital-intensive agriculture practice, investments of the farmers has increased manifolds, this exposing them to far greater risks due to massive debt which a vast majority of them can ill afford.\"It noted, \"After the euphoria of a few initial years, Bt Cotton cultivation has only added to the miseries of the small and marginal farmers.\"\"In the case of transgenic in agriculture crops in India, the experience of last decade has conclusively shown that while it has extensively benefitted the industry, as far as the lot of poor farmers is concerned, even the trickle down is not visible.\"The committee also hit out at the clearance that was initially given to Bt Brinjal and asked for a thorough investigation into how the proposal for the first transgenic food crop passed the muster.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15427927", "title": "Pot luck awaits high climbing Gonvidas", "text": "NAGPUR: The cries of aala re aala... Govinda aala rend the air during Janmashtami as groups of Govindas begin their ascent to grab the dahi handi hanging at huge heights and break it. The effort is extremely fruitful. The goodies that fall from the pot and the prize money are much coveted.There are some 20 dahi handi mandals in the city that hold up to 80 events over three days. The Itwara Navyuvak Mandal claims to be the oldest and has been organizing dahi handi for the past 37 years at the Sarafa market. This year there are eight teams taking part. Three have come from neighbouring Chhindwara and one from Bhopal.Sanjay Khule, one of the organizers, says, \"This is a huge event that attracts more than 25,000 spectators. We begin around 3pm and the competitions go on till 10.30 in the night.\" To the beats of the music spun by a DJ, the participants climb up to reach the pot hanging at a height of 55ft. \"That's the standard but teams in the city are able to break the pot when it is lowered to about 35 feet,\" he says.Excited about the competition is Sukhdev Chauhan who is leading a team from Chhindwara. All of them work in coal mines. His team has 35 members and has had the distinction of earning the prize money twice. \"We are able to reach the handi when it is lowered to 25 feet. But then the prize money also gets reduced,\" he says. Last time Chauhan's team won cash prize of Rs 2 lakh and a four tola gold medal.The 150 strong team of Jai Durga Mandal of Sonegaon believes in better techniques to win the competition. They take part in up to six events during this time going up to Kondhali to compete. Durgesh Gotmare, leader of this team, says the group is practising hard. \"Last year we could get only two prizes but two years back we hit the jackpot by winning six events,\" he says. \"The trick is to divide the weight evenly and to be quick in climbing so that the lower rung does not have to bear the weight for long,\" he says.Besides jazzing up the event, the mandals are also taking care of all safety measures. Sanjay Khule says all participants are insured and a team of doctors and an ambulance is parked at the venue throughout the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "15432825", "title": "Starving people consume rotten rice dumped by railways in Odisha", "text": "CUTTACK: Hundreds of starving people dug up riverbed to retrieve rice which was declared unfit even for animal consumption and dumped by railway authorities near here at Jagatpur.The poor were seen taking home bags full of dirt-filled rice even as the district authorities put the onus on the railways.\"It was the responsibility of the railways and Food Corporation of India (FCI) the original owners of the rice, to ensure that the damaged foodstuff is destroyed properly so that it doesn't find its way to the kitchens of the people or are consumed even by animals,\" a district civil supply official said adding the local administration had no role in it.Although, people had even sold the retrieved rice at Rs 10 per kg in slum areas, district collector Girish S N when contacted on Thursday night said he was not aware of any such developments.\"I have not received any such information yet. (If found true) We will definitely stop it,\" Girish said.A wagon-load of rice belonging to FCI had arrived here in December 2011 from Kesinga in Kalahandi district.Upon examination, the quality control team of the FCI had certified that all the 1200 hundred bags of rice, weighing over 600 quintals were unfit for human consumption.Since the FCI had indented the rice in April 2010 and had booked the railway wagon for direct transportation of the stock from Kesinga to Cuttack, it took more than 20 months for the railways to cover the distance of 350 km.Since the foodstuff was insured, railways paid the damage to FCI and took the responsibility to destroy the damaged foodstuff.\"The manner in which the railways disposed of the damaged foodstuff was also outrageous, which invites stringent action against the erring officials,\" senior CPM leader Subash Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15429620", "title": "HC pulls up govt over cell tower radiation", "text": "JAIPUR: The alleged threat of radiation from mobile towers has now made the high court look up.The Rajasthan high court, while hearing a case related to heath hazards due to mobile tower radiations on Thursday, demanded statistics from the state government on the number of cancer patients undergoing treatment and those who have died in Jaipur. The data , along with steps taken to address public concern over the radiation, has been sought by August 16.The court also expressed anguish with the state government for its lackadaisical approach on the issue. A division bench headed by chief justice Arun Kumar Mishra asked the government why it had not filed a reply on the public interest litigation (PIL) pending before the court since March this year.\"Why is the state government not taking the matter seriously?\" chief justice Mishra asked advocate general GS Bapna, while directing the government to file the reply by August 16. The alleged threat of radiation from mobile towers mainly in residentially areas has made the high court look up.The PIL moved by a retired high court judge IS Israni seeks a check on installing mobile towers in residential areas at the risk of public health. The PIL mentions about people in Jaipur and other parts of the state getting cancer allegedly due to mobile tower radiations. The court had admitted the litigation and sought replies from the Centre and the state governments on March 2. Even as the Centre filed its reply long ago, the state government failed to do so despite the court granting it time again and again. During the litigation's hearing on May 29, principal secretary of urban development and housing GS Sandhu, who was then summoned before the court, informed the court that a committee has been constituted to study the mobile tower radiations' effects on the people. The committee was to submit its report in 21 days. The court has sought the committee's report, too, on August 16.The government has been asked to tell in detail what it was doing to address people's fears against mobile tower radiations. With regard to minister Brij Kishore Sharma's statement , the court has asked information on the number of schools, hospitals and public places from where the government has removed mobile towers so far. \"A mobile tower in the neighbourhood of the UDH minister (Shanti Dhariwal ) was removed promptly. But the government is not showing similar promptness on a common man's concerns,\" petitioners' advocate Prateek Kasliwal informed the court.The Cellular Operators Association of India , meanwhile, moved an application to become a party in the case. The court has allowed the application.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15427491", "title": "Gopal Kanda yet to surface, court says no to bail", "text": "NEW DELHI: Terming the allegations against him \"grave and serious\", a trial court on Thursday rejected the anticipatory bail plea of former Haryana minister Gopal Goyal Kanda, accused of abetting the suicide of his ex-employee Geetika Sharma. Soon after the court's order, police issued a lookout circular (LOC) for Kanda, as he has been in hiding following a notice for questioning on Tuesday.Kanda had sought relief from the court claiming he had nothing to do with the suicide, and describing Geetika as a \"hypersensitive girl\" with \"mixed emotions of love and hatred towards him\" who might have felt \"jilted\".Dismissing his plea, additional sessions judge Rajnish Bhatnagar said, \"The allegations against Kanda are grave and serious in nature, there are allegations of calls being made from other phones and SMSes have been sent to her... all this is required to be investigated thoroughly. The investigation is at a very initial stage and release of accused (Kanda) would hamper the investigation\".Minutes before Kanda's bail plea was rejected, another court allowed the custodial interrogation of his female employee Aruna Chaddha for two days. Chaddha, too, is accused of abetting the suicide of Geetika, a former airhostess of Kanda's defunct MDLR airline. She was arrested on Wednesday. The court allowed police to interrogate Chaddha after they claimed she was not cooperating in the suicide probe. It also noted that Chaddha is mentioned in Geetika's suicide note.Speaking for his client, Kanda's counsel KTS Tulsi told the court: \"Nowhere has Geetika said in her note that I instigated her to commit suicide\". The suicide note found on August 4 stated Geetika was \"shattered from inside\" as her trust was broken and that Kanda was a \"fraud\". It purportedly held him and Chaddha responsible for her death. Tulsi, however, said the suicide note showed Geetika's disturbed state of mind.Tulsi also referred to another letter written by Geetika on May 4 that states: \"Gopal is a fraud. He always keeps bad intentions towards girls. He is a man of no shame and guilt...he also has illicit relations with another girl and has a child from her...\"He said this showed Geetika was jealous of Kanda's relations with other women , had an emotional attachment and wanted a relationship with him, for which he was not willing. \"She may be jilted,\" Tulsi said.He told the court that on his last phone call to Geetika's house, Kanda had informed her mother that some papers related to Geetika's resignation had to be signed. \"Here is a case of a hypersensitive girl, as merely asking for signing some papers can't be even remotely taken as intentionally abetting suicide,\" Tulsi added.Opposing the plea, Delhi Police argued that Kanda had been showing undue favours to Geetika ever since she was given a job as an airhostess in his airline. Police said Kanda and Aruna had been pressuring Geetika to come back to MDLR even when she went to join Emirates and then had lured her back by sponsoring her MBA course. It also said Geetika was accorded out-of-turn promotions and appreciation for no good reasons.Police also referred to an email recovered from Geetika's laptop with letters from Consulate General of India and authorities in Dubai, referring to some extradition proceedings initiated against her on account of non-payment of money taken from a person in Dubai. \"We are examining the authenticity of these letters and mail,\" police said, adding it goes to show that \"there is a lot behind the veil.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15432247", "title": "Umrao Jaan's memorabilia auction in New Delhi", "text": "Clearly, decades after \"Umrao Jaan\" hit the silver screen, the film continues to fascinate. Another evidence of that came during the film memorabilia auction held in New Delhi in the last week of July by art afficianado Neville Tuli's auction house.In the auction, the crackled turquoise and silver ring worn by Farooq Sheikh in the film was sold for 96,000. And here's another piece of in teresting news. While Muzaffar Ali had trouble remembering where the ring came from, it now turns out that the ring was a part of Nawab JafarMir Abdullah's collection. Says the Nawab, \"I was contacted by the auction house some time ago and they expressed an interest in my collection, I offered the ring. It belonged to my father Al-Haj Nawab Mir Abdullah Sahah and it was during a filming sequence of \" Umrao Jaan\" when Muzaffar Ali required a ring that I took this one off my hand and gave it to him.\"Affirming the news is Supriya Chawla from the auction house, who says, \"The ring belonged to Nawab Jafar Mir Abdullah, whose father and Muzaffer Ali's father were good friends. during our film memorabilia auction, the ring sold for 96,000.\"Interestingly, while the ring itself sold for close to a lakh of rupees, the Nawab himself will get 80 per cent of the total amount after the auction house deducts its dues. Nevertheless, Nawab Jafar Mir Abdullah is excited at the fact that someone will proudly posses an adornment that has been his, and more importantly that formed a part of the film. He says, \"Not many know this, but both my father and I were in \"Umrao Jaan \" too. My part was edited out, but my father is clearly shown in one of the mujra sequences in the film.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15427782", "title": "Award for IICT scientist", "text": "HYDERABAD: Dr Manika Pal Bhadra, principal scientist of chemical biology division, CSIR-Indian Institute of Chemical Technology, Hyderabad, has been selected for the NASI-Reliance Industries Platinum Jubilee Award 2012. Dr Bhadra was nominated for the award by the National Academy of Science for significant contribution in the area of application of oriented innovations in biological sciences for 2012. Dr Bhadra has been involved in the synthesizing of orally administered next generation nanoparticles to deliver material like DNA and RNA for effective gene therapy.The award will be presented to Bhadra by Prof Balram Bhargava, head, department of cardiology, AIIMS, New Delhi on November 29 during the joint inauguration of the 82nd annual session of NASI and symposium on 'Nano-science and technology for mankind' being hosted by Banaras Hindu University , Varanasi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15431851", "title": "I struggled in Kolkata: Manoj Tiwari", "text": "It was a walk down memory lane for Bhojpuri actor Manoj Tiwari as he landed at the airport on Monday. For the actor, who was in town to shoot a commercial for a mineral water brand, Kolkata isn't just another city. By his own admission, it's his second home.Not many know that the actor's Kolkata connect goes back a long way. \"I spent four years in the city between 1992 and 96. At that time, I was struggling to find a toehold in the music industry. I was an aspiring singer and would take rounds of the city studios,\" says the hitmaker, who has recently churned out the peppy number, \" Jiyo re Bihar ke lala jiyo tu haazar sala \" in Anurag Kashyap's \" Gangs of Wasseypur \". The actor, who took a tanga ride around Victoria Memorial within hours of landing to enjoy the scenic beauty of Maidan, reminisces, \"In those days, my daily budget would be 2. Obviously then, I didn't have the luxury to enjoy the city. Those were hard times, but I'm happy to be back.\" So, how has life changed over the past few years? \"My first album came out in 1996. Ever since then, things have been looking up. But acting happened by chance. In 2003, when I was already an established singer, a Bhojpuri producer offered me a film, \"S asura Bada Paise Wala \". I wasn't too keen since the Bhojpuri film industry had not yet come into being and each film would be made on a shoestring budget of 15-16 lakh. But I was forced into doing the film that completed 50 weeks with four shows in 11 cities. There has been no looking back since then.\"And how does it feel to be back in Kolkata as a celebrity, who has to his credit not just umpteen films but also a show like \"Bigg Boss\" ? \"It feels the same. Just that life has changed a little. Kolkata, to me, is second home. But its face too is changing with the number of flyovers that have come up here and there,\" he says, adding effortlessly in Bangla, \" Amar bari chhilo Salt Lake e. Ami Kolkataye chhilam tai Bangla o shikhechhi onek. \" Tell him that Pritimoy Chakraborty, with whom he recently worked in the city, has revealed that he is keen to work in Tollywood and Manoj says excitedly, \"I have told him so. I would definitely want to work in a Bengali film. This is where I started off.\" The actor, who had dinner with Usha Uthup during his short stay in the city is also mighty impressed with the Bengali cuisine. \"I had fish and rice, which Didi insisted I have. No trip to Kolkata is complete without maachh-bhaat,\" he adds. Didn't know there was a Bangali babu in the Bhojpuri superstar!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15426720", "title": "HUDA to crack whip on booth defaulter", "text": "GURGAON: The HUDA is all set to crack the whip on an employee for illegally taking possession of the commercial 'booth' (shop) in the Sector 5 market. After receiving a complaint, HUDA has now issued notice to the employee and was planning to evict him from the booth.It's learnt that the booths of the market had been auctioned in 1996. The employee had got the booth at the auction. HUDA sources said that the erring employee had paid only 15% of the amount for the booth but continued to occupy it. After noticing the payment default, HUDA had in 1997 cancelled the allotment.But in 2008, the employee made some payments and the booth was re-allotted to him. As per the terms and conditions of the allotment the employee had to pay monthly instalments for the booth. In 2002, the booth was reconstructed illegally and a basement was also constructed.The HUDA employee used his influence to avoid any action.Around that time he had even got transferred from Gurgaon and had rented out the shop to a property dealer. For over 10 years everything was hunky-dory till the HUDA administration received a complaint against the illegal occupancy of the booth.\"As per the rules, the booth will be vacated and the culprit will face legal action,\" said a HUDA official. The civic agency had dug out all the allotment records of the auction to find out the exact payments made for the booth. HUDA is also calculating the payment which needs to be recovered from the booth owner. At present, the booth has no sign board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "play ", "code": "15431690", "title": "Threatre Review: A Walk In The Woods", "text": "Play : A Walk In The Woods Directed by : Ratna Pathak Shah Duration : 120 minutes Cast : Naseeruddin Shah and Rajit Kapur Language : English Rating : 3In 1988, American playwright Lee Blessing wrote a successful play (based on a 1982 real life incident, that sprung from the cold war history) about an impossible friendship between an earnest American arms negotiator and his more cynical Soviet counterpart, which blooms over a period of many months, during their private walks together in the woods. Established on a similar premise, the Motley group has come up with its own adaptation by actors Faisal Rashid and Randeep Hooda \u2014 an eccentric relationship between two diplomats, one Indian, one Pakistani. Naturally, given the strained history between the two neighbouring countries, this discourse makes for an interesting story.While the friendship between the two ambassadors forms the crux of the story, the soul of this play is the controversial political backdrop that it is set against \u2014 the two have been sent to Geneva , Switzerland , for peace talks, so that they can achieve a breakthrough with their negotiations. But when they're not fulfilling their professional capacities, they enter a private, unguarded territory (the woods) where they try to reach a diplomatic settlement between the countries. As individual citizens, not as government channels! The story marks their struggle to achieve this feat.During the course of the play, you'll realise that maybe the relationship between the two diplomats is a metaphor for the love-hate relationship between India and Pakistan . Like the two men, both countries have the potential to become friends , as they have much in common, but don't actually become friends. This reflects the troubled political history of the two sub-continent nations. Considering the two actors on stage are known for their flawless histrionics, you witness some superlative dialogues and scenes. Naseeruddin Shah plays Jamaluddin Lutfullah, the Pakistani diplomat, while Rajit Kapur essays his Indian counterpart, Ram Chinappa. Both the actors blend into their roles and adopt the finer nuances of their respective characters effortlessly. For instance, Shah, who is shown to be a well-dressed, charismatic, politician, who is easy with words and has a way with people, mirrors some of the Pakistani bureaucrats. Contrasting him is Kapur, who plays the blunt, distant, defensive Indian official, who will do whatever it takes to get a successful negotiation.Since the entire act has been set in the woods, there are hardly any props \u2014 but the lighting plays an integral part in distinguishing the different times of the day, which are meant to set the mood of the play. An interesting aspect worth mentioning is the clothes worn by the two characters. When the first act begins, they are seen in formal business suits , and as the story moves ahead, they slowly transform into more casual and comfortable clothing \u2014 a metaphor for the informality that slowly creeps into their personal relationship.Unfortunately, the length of the play is questionable. And the times when the characters go off on a tangent, discussing trivialities, will make you restless, as it momentarily disrupts the flow of the narrative. Yet, for her directorial debut in theatre, Ratna Pathak Shah does a fine job.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "berhampur/ bhubaneswar", "code": "15426749", "title": "Swami Saraswati\u2019s death anniversary observed", "text": "BERHAMPUR/ BHUBANESWAR: Amid tight security, supporters of Swami Laxmanananda Saraswati, who unidentified miscreants gunned down about four years ago triggering widespread ethno-communal riots in Kandhamal, on Thursday observed the Hindu seer's death anniversary.Saraswati was assassinated along with four others inside his ashram at Jalespeta during Janmasthami celebrations on August 23, 2008. Coinciding with Janmasthami revelry, the Swami Laxmanananda Saraswati Shradhanjali Samiti paid tributes to the senior VHP leader.The samiti members performed traditional rituals, including yagna and sankirtan, at ashrams founded by Saraswati at Jalespeta and Chakapada and reiterated their demand for arrest of those who killed Saraswati. Besides, they unveiled a statue of Saraswati at Jalespeta.SP (Kandhamal) J N Pankaj said, \"No untoward incident was reported and everything passed off peacefully.\" Police said at least 30 platoons of force were deployed at sensitive places in Kandhamal district. Police checked vehicles since Wednesday. Police patrolling was also intensified in vulnerable areas. \"Police is keeping strict vigil and checking suspicious vehicles to prevent movement of miscreants,\" the SP said. Security arrangements, he added, would continue for the next two days.Police said security would be beefed up from August 20, three days before Saraswati's death anniversary is observed in consonance with the English calendar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "15429109", "title": "DC asks health officials to be vigilant against diarrhoea, malaria", "text": "BOKARO: Bokaro deputy commission Sunil Kumar has asked the health department officials to be vigilant against malaria and diarrhoea cases in Maoist-hit zones of the district.Kumar, who on Thursday conducted a monthly review meeting with civil surgeon S N Tewary, ACMO Arjun Prasad and other health officials, directed them to be sure that medical help reaches the villagers residing in the interior areas of the district timely.Of late, Bokaro is in the grip of diarrhoea and malaria. Although the health department has been providing necessary treatment to the patients, the DC said there was an urgent need to strengthen health services in Maoist prone blocks comprising Gomia, Nawadih, Kasmar, Petarwar and others.Kumar also asked health officials to fulfil the target of family planning, immunization etc. He also asked the officials to send Mamta Vans to villages whenever it is demanded by patients.The DC also issued several other instructions to improve the health facilities in the district. He also served show cause notices to several health officials for dereliction of duty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15428871", "title": "Ice-cream parlour owner told to pay Rs 50k penalty", "text": "PUNE: The Food and Drugs Administration (FDA) on Wednesday imposed a penalty of Rs 50,000 on the owner of an ice-cream parlour in Pune district for using saccharine, an artificial sweetener banned in certain food products including ice-cream.\"Samples of two different flavours taken from an ice-cream parlour at Yelse village in Maval taluka did not conform to set standards of quality. A laboratory test found the presence of saccharine in both the samples,\" said Shashikant Kekare, joint commissioner (food), FDA, Pune division.As an adjudicating officer, Kekare imposed the penalty under section 50 and 47 of the Food Safety and Standards Act ( FSSA) 2006.Saccharin is 300 to 500 times sweeter than table sugar. Due to its bitter aftertaste, it is often blended with other artificial sweeteners. It is widely used in diet foods and beverages as it provides no calories and passes through urine.\"Studies have shown that use of saccharine in inappropriate amount can have harmful effects on human body,\" Kekare said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15430512", "title": "Moody's report: Govt should act, not sulk", "text": "This is only the latest in a long list of individuals and institutions who have been saying much the same thing - government inaction is costing the economy dearly.It would be a mistake for the government to bristle at this suggestion, as it has more often than not done in the past, and get defensive about it.It must come to terms with the fact that there is a widespread perception of paralysis, and one that is not entirely baseless.The best way to react to such a perception is to seek to dispel it with action. No amount of denials or announcements of pious intentions can substitute for concrete action.Related story  :  Govt has 'badly lost its way', hurting economy: Moody's", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15428055", "title": "BSP alleges foul play, threatens to move court", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Bahujan Samaj Party on Thursday warned that it will move to court, if Samajwadi Party government does not revert its order of renaming Dr Ambedkar Green Garden in Lucknow after socialist thinker Janeshwar Misra. However, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav dismissed BSP's allegations, that his government renamed Ambedkar Green Garden as Janeshwar Park,saying that there is no official record that the park was named after Ambedkar during previous regime.BSP leaders Swami Prasad Maurya and Naseemuddin Siddiqui, in a joint press conference, said, \"We had staged a dharna in Lucknow and also submitted a memorandum to governor BL Joshi, who had given us assurance, but now we are left with no option but to go to court in order to restore the respect and honour of Dr Ambedkar. During the previous SP regime in 2004-07, the names of some new districts were changed. These districts were named after dalit icons. The BSP got relief from the court. This time again, we are confident that the court will do justice.\"Alleging that the SP government was indulging in politics of names, the BSP leaders said that soon after coming to power it had changed the names of the welfare schemes in the name of Dalit icons and then the names of the districts were also changed. \"The SP government has nothing to do with the honour and respect of the great men, as desecration of statues of Baba Saheb Ambedkar in different parts of the state has become common,\" they said adding that 25 such cases have come to light since the Akhilesh government took over.Claiming that the name change was a gimmick to divert public attention from its failures, they said that it would have been better had the state government controlled mafia and goondas instead of resorting to cheap politics. To the government's contention that there is no Ambedkar Green Park in government records, they asserted that it had been passed by the board of the Lucknow Development Authority and also got the approval of the government in 2010, after which crores of rupees of the government funds were used on it.However, chief minister rubbished allegations of the BSP leaders. He said that whatever is being said about changing the name of the park is wrong. The old name did not exist anywhere in the records, he told reporters, when asked, after inaugurating Yamuna Expressway. \"BSP government is staging dharnas to mislead people,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15427537", "title": "Aiyar, BJP MPs spar over youth Bill in Rajya Sabha", "text": "NEW DELHI: The passage of Rajiv Gandhi National Institute of Youth Development (RGNIYD) Bill on Thursday in Rajya Sabha was marked by occasional repartee and barbs between nominated member Mani Shankar Aiyar and BJP members Chandan Mitra and BP Singh Badnore.The Bill seeks to expand the mandate of RGNIYD and make it an institute of national importance with emphasis on new areas of learning and new courses.While supporting the Bill, Mitra asked under what conditions and for what reasons an institute is being given the tag of national importance. He demanded a comprehensive legislation to deal with the issue of institutes being made institutions of national importance. Mitra pointed out that once it becomes institute of national importance, the institute no longer has to give reservation in admission. He also said objects of RGNIYD are vague and asked the meaning of term 'youth development.' Mitra also asked why sports policy is not part of youth development.Aiyar explained the rationale behind the legislation and said majority of Indian population consists of young population, who are in the 15-35 age bracket. Lauding the efforts of former PM Rajiv Gandhi and reason why the institute is located in Sriperumbedur, Aiyar took swipe at Mitra for asking what youth development means. He said the new legislation is based on a report by the mentor group that gave a comprehensive roadmap. As for sports policy, Aiyar first criticized the sports policy of 2001 during the NDA rule and said it was useless and has been discarded.The term useless immediately sparked protest from BJP member BP Singh Badnore. Aiyar's remark, \"This BP Singh is like the other VP Singh\" created a furore. Ravi Shankar Prasad, BJP's deputy leader, demanded that the sentence be expunged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "15429802", "title": "Man kills two over land row, held", "text": "JODHPUR: Police arrested a man for firing at two persons in a nearby village here following a land dispute on Thursday. One of them died on the spot and the other died on his way to the hospital. The timely arrest of the accused averted law and order situation as the supporters of the victims had started assembling at the hospital.According to DCP (West) Ajay Pal Lamba, one Jagdish Devasi, resident of village Bamaniyawas in Luni tehsil near Jodhpur, had a land dispute with a person. On Thursday evening, he had a heated argument with that person and his supporters. \"In a fit of rage, Devasi took out his gun and fired at them in which Doonger Ram and Gopa Ram were injured. Doonger Ram died on the spot while Gopa Ram died while being taken to the hospital\", told Lamba. After shooting them, Devasi fled from the sport.Police teams were sent immediately to search for Devasi and he was arrested from a nearby village. The murder weapon is yet to be recovered by the police. \"We are interrogating him to delve deeper into the case\", Lamba said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15429250", "title": "Bodoland demand justified: NDFB-P", "text": "GUWAHATI: The NDFB (Progressive), which is in the midst of peace talks with the Centre, said that a separate state was a legitimate demand of the Bodos and was justified both constitutionally and historically.In an e-mailed statement, NDFB (P) publicity secretary B Borosa on Thursday said the demand for the separate Bodoland state was a 46-year-old movement.Although NDFB and other Bodo organisations have been demanding a separate state for a long time now, raking up the issue when the Bodoland Territorial Council was in the grips of ethnic conflict is a significant move.At a time when opposition parties like All India United Democratic Front (AIUDF) have been demanding scrapping of the BTC, NDFB (P) said that despite the signing of two Bodo accords, the main issue has still not been resolved.\"The Bodo people's demand for a separate state, for which they started their struggle 46 years ago, is legitimate and justified both constitutionally and historically. Despite the signing of two Bodo Accords, the Bodo problem is still alive as the fundamental questions of the Bodos and other tribal peoples of Assam have not been addressed so far. All the leading Bodo organizations, political as well as non-political, including the NDFB (P), are struggling for it (separate state). The NDFB (P) is having a dialogue on the issue with the Government of India for the last even years,\" Borosa said.Borosa said that the separate state was necessary to protect the identity of indigenous tribals, safeguarding their lives, properties, language, culture, customs and traditions.With allegations of Bangladeshi immigrants taking possession of land in the BTC areas, the NDFB (P) said that the India-Bangladesh border should be sealed to ensure safety, security and demographic balance of the bona fide citizens of the country. In a remark that could trigger more controversy, the outfit also demanded that riot-affected Muslims in Kokrajhar and Chirang districts should be rehabilitated through the implementation of 1951 National Register of Citizens.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15427124", "title": "Kin say Kanda was possessive about Geetika Sharma", "text": "NEW DELHI: On a day when absconding Haryana MLA Gopal Goyal Kanda's counsel described suicide victim Geetika Sharma in court as being jealous of Kanda's relations with other women, having an emotional attachment with him and being desirous of a relationship, a police source told TOI that her family had spoken about incidents that suggest the Sirsa MLA was possessive about her.Geetika's family is learnt to have told police that Kanda personally spied on her. During her BA final year exams at DU, he allegedly followed her to the exam centre in the guise of a Sikh as he suspected she was in a relationship with another man. While police are yet to verify this, sources say other revelations about Kanda visiting Dubai in pursuit of Geetika, accompanying her to Singapore , exchanging numerous calls, buying property in her name and handing over several operations to the then 20-year-old woman indicate that the \"attachment\" may not have been one-sided.But as the probe entered its fifth day on Thursday, there was no word from police on the findings of the preliminary postmortem report that would establish the exact time of Geetika's death. In a possible setback, police said they had come to know about a computer hard disk that was destroyed at the MDLR office in Gurgaon shortly before they raided the place. They intend to ask arrested MDLR manager Aruna Chaddha about this disk as they have obtained permission from a court to question her for two days.Investigators are also going through the documents seized from the MDLR office to corroborate claims made by Geetika's family about her being pressed to sign some documents. They will question a Gurgaon police inspector regarding his role in sending an email to Emirates airline \u2014 allegedly on the directions of Kanda \u2014 accusing Geetika of loan fraud. Sources said police would write to Emirates for verification of the allegations.Investigators say early leads in the case indicate that Geetika was possibly feeling trapped and wanted to get out desperately. A family member said she had returned the BMW Kanda gave her within a week and also gave back a phone he presented to her. This phone's SIM was issued in the name of one Mandeep Singh , who has since turned a police witness.Police are hopeful of getting crucial information from Singh, who, although not an MDLR employee, is considered very close to Kanda. His association with the MLA started as a driver, police said.Geetika's family on Thursday said they had faith in the judiciary and were hopeful of getting justice. They said Chaddha's arrest and the rejection of her bail plea were positive signs but Kanda's evading arrest was equally unfortunate. They expressed their apprehension that Kanda might be using this time to tamper with evidence and was definitely strengthening his defence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15429256", "title": "Govt draws flak for contributory pension scheme", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The government's decision to implement contributory pension scheme for those who join service after April 1, 2013 has come in for severe criticism from Left parties and trade unions.The NGO union, the largest service organization in the state, has warned of strong protests if the government does not withdraw the order immediately.It has protested the government's decision to implement the scheme without consulting service organizations. Opposition leader V S Achuthanandan has said the government's decision to scrap the statutory pension scheme and introduce contributory pension was nothing but a step towards implementing recruitment ban.In a statement issued here, VS said the chief minister had assured the assembly that the decision on contributory pension would be taken only after holding talks with service organizations and all political parties.The CPM state secretariat has criticised that arguments put forth by the government for introducing the contributory pension scheme are non-realistic and inhuman.\"One argument is about the longevity of life of pensioners. It was a reflection of our progress in education and healthcare sectors and we all should be proud of it. But, this government takes it as a curse,\" a statement issued by the secretariat said. \"It is a challenge to youngsters and new employees,\" said the statement.Pro-Congress SETO also came down heavily against the government decision. \"It was a decision without consulting with representatives of state employees or service organisations. It may be noted that the Indian Parliament hasn't yet approved the PFRDA bill,\" said SETO chairman Kottathala Mohanan. SETO will organize protest marches in all taluk and district headquarters on Friday against the move.\"The chief minister has betrayed the youth by taking a unilateral decision,\" he said. The government should immediately withdraw the order, said VS.The chief minister said the decision would not affect the present government employees. \"The decision was inevitable. In the long run, the state will have to implement this. There is no other way,\" said Chandy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15432318", "title": "Rain lashes parts of Punjab, Haryana and Chandigarh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Light to moderate showers today lashed parts of Punjab, Haryana and Chandigarh, providing relief to the people from humid conditions.Rain waters have inundated several low lying areas besides temporarily disrupting normal life, officials said here.The festivity on the occasion of Janmashtami - the birth of God Krishna - got disrupted at few places in the region in the wake of showers.In Chandigarh, the capital of both the states, some rotaries were inundated by rain waters with few vehicles getting broken down making it hard for the commuters.The rain is considered beneficial for the standing paddy crop in the agrarian states of Punjab and Haryana, experts said.Besides, the rain also helped in easing out power situation in the two states.The Met office has forecast light to moderate rains in most parts of the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15429824", "title": "Helping to create a home away from home", "text": "MYSORE: The JSS Medical College has designed a unique programme called 'Mentorship' to help new students adapt to the college and guide them through the course.Mentorship, a personal developmental relationship programme, is designed to support students in course completion, confidence building and transitioning to further studies. The mentors at the college are assigned five students or mentees, and they are expected to help the students cope with their academic and personal difficulties.The programme was started three years ago and so far, 450 students have reaped its benefits.Elaborating on the programme, Dr H Basavanagowdappa, the principal and the man behind the initiative, says the programme has helped students overcome the initial difficulty of adapting to a new environment and also cope with the enormous course.\"Most of the students come from various states and they find it hard to adapt to the language and social set-up. Mentors comfort the students, when they become anxious, get depressed or become homesick,\" he said.There is regular interaction between the mentors, parents and mentees. Parents are encouraged to keep in touch with the mentors through phone calls and emails to check on their child's welfare.Basavanagowdappa says that parents have expressed their relief about mentors having replaced them by giving the same attention to their children in a new city.Utkarsh Jay Agnihotri, a fourth year medical student, says: \"My mentor stood beside me and comforted me like a mother when I was faced with problems.\"His mother Archana Agnihotri, a software engineer in Delhi, adds that the programme has guided her son in every way. \"My son could overcome the grief of his father's death last year through constant counselling and encouragement by his mentor,\" she says.Students and teachers also feel that the programme has helped build an amicable relationship between the two Dr Pushpalatha, an associate professor at the college, says the programme has helped teachers understand the students and their personal problems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15428617", "title": "Induction of Linke Holfman Bush coaches at snail\u2019s pace", "text": "PATNA: The decision of railways to replace all conventional coaches of mail and express trains with German technology-based Linke Holfman Bush (LHB) coaches is making a tardy progress. Railway ministry has once again reiterated to step up passengers' safety measures by replacing old conventional coaches in each zone of railways in the next two to three years.According to a railway board official, \"Railways is planning to introduce LHB coaches in general mail and express trains which have fire retardant and advanced couplers system. Currently, LHB coaches are being used in premier trains only, he said.The board official said railways has already ordered for the manufacture of 693 new LHB coaches by Kapurthala rail coach factory (RCF) in Punjab in the current fiscal year. About 300 LHB coaches were manufactured at the RCF last year as against 100 LHB coaches manufactured during 2009-2010 fiscal year, he said, adding each LHB coach is likely to cost about Rs 2.5 crore.The greatest advantage of the new LHB coaches is that it has automatic provision for joining two couplers. Unlike conventional coaches where one needs to go inside the coach and move through the vestibule to uncouple two coaches, with the advanced technology in LHB, couplers could be easily uncoupled in any emergency, a Board official said, adding railways has planned to manufacture about 3500 new coaches, out of which 500 LHB coaches would be made in the current fiscal year.According to the official, railways has now focused on manufacturing quality LHB coaches following detection of technical snags in the LHB coaches of Sampoorna Kranti Express recently. The East Central Railway (ECR) hurriedly withdrew the newly-introduced LHB rake of Sampoorna Kranti Express after its run of about one week between Patna Junction and New Delhi, he said.Railway ministry has directed coach manufacturing factories not to make compromise with the quality and design of new LHB coaches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15428137", "title": "Union home ministry: Barcode detonators to track terror", "text": "NEW DELHI: In order to prevent detonators from falling into the wrong hands, the home ministry has asked the department of industrial policy &amp; promotion (DIPP) to initiate barcoding of this sensitive stuff so that its supply can be properly accounted for. The moves come in the backdrop of a number of instances where detonators were used by terrorists to trigger explosive devices (bombs).In a communication to the DIPP, the ministry expressed concern over easy availability of detonators, especially among industries related to mining, and asked it to regulate its supply. So far, there is no mechanism to find out from where a detonator was sourced, where it was manufactured and who was its buyer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15427763", "title": "Govt gears up for water, fodder crisis", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state government on Thursday directed the collectors of all the districts to get ready with contingency plans for a possible drinking water and fodder crisis in areas that did not receive sufficient rainfall in the south-west monsoon.The officials were also directed to persuade the farmers to opt for short-duration crops under major dams were the water level to show no improvement by August 15.This year, Andhra Pradesh is passing through a peculiar situation wherein the same mandal contains drought-affected and rain-lashed areas. Even though some mandals have received normal rainfall, many villages in such mandals have been found to be staring at a drought-like situation.According to revenue minister N Raghuveera Reddy, who reviewed the situation in the state with district officials via video conference on Thursday, out of 1,128 mandals in the state, 28 fall in the scanty rainfall category where the shortage is 60% to 99% of the normal.However, another 321 mandals have recorded less than normal rainfall, that is, minus 20% to minus 59% from the usual.As of Wednesday, Nalgonda (21%), Nizamabad (24%), Anantapur (31%) and Visakhapatnam (21.2%) are the AP districts to have reported deficit rainfall. Due to the extreme variations in rainfall, the government has instructed collectors to prepare contingency plans by taking the village as a unit. \"There are many mandals in the state where farming is on in full swing in one area while in the other, no sowing has yet taken place,\" Raghuveera Reddy said.Raghuveera, who reviewed the situation along with agriculture minister Kanna Lakshminarayana and municipal minister M Mahidhar Reddy, said that Rs 45 crore has been released towards provision of drinking water in mandals likely to face drinking water problems.The minister hoped that the situation in AP reservoirs would improve over the next four to five days. \"The reservoirs at Srisailam and Nagarjunasagar are expected to get water by August 15,\" the minister said.He said that on the apprehension that a critical situation might develop, a contingency plan had been drawn up in June itself. \"If there is no improvement in the water levels in the reservoirs in question, the farmer will have no option but to go in for alternative crops for which the fertilizers and seeds have been kept ready,\" Raghuveera said.Meanwhile, the water level in Krishna reservoirs in Karanataka has greatly improved unlike the situation in Tungabhadra. According to sources in the central water commission, as of August 8, the water level in Tungabhadra was 492.83m while the full reservoir level was 497.94m. Almatti is almost full to the brim at 518.70m while the FRL is 519.60.Sources said that water is being released into the Krishna which will first reach Jurala Project and then come to Srisailam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15427213", "title": "Posters of Baba Ramdev's aide draw criticism", "text": "NEW DELHI: Posters of Baba Ramdev's aide Balkrishna, who was arrested by the CBI in an alleged fake documents case and is now lodged in a Dehradun jail, grabbed eyeballs at Ramlila Maidan on Thursday.The posters featured Balkrishna in the forefront, along with personalities like Mahatma Gandhi , Subash Chandra Bose, Sardar Vallab Bhai Patel, Chandrashekhar Azad, Bhagat Singh , Shankaracharya Jayendra Saraswati and Shivaji. They also carried the tagline 'jail is the holy place of the revolutionary'.The posters may have caught the attention of the crowd, but many raised objections to the display. Though the posters were removed, most of Baba Ramdev's volunteers tried to cover up the controversy bysaying that \"the reason for removing the posters were because they were torn\".A supporter of the yoga guru, Sachin Tomar, said though he respects Baba Ramdev's efforts, \"it was wrong to put freedom fighters and Balkrishna on the same pedestal.\"But Baba's team had no qualms about such a parallel being drawn. They, in fact, tried to justify it. A team member who was addressing the crowd, said, \"Acharya Balkrishna deserved the respect given to him by the team\". The team said that allegations of his involvement in the fake passport racket are baseless.He had made a sacrifice for the country like any other freedom figheter, members said, comparing him to Galileo whose theories were not taken seriously in the beginning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15428898", "title": "Forest dept restricts number of visitors to Kas at 2,000 a day", "text": "PUNE: The forest department has decided to restrict the number of visitors to the Kas plateau to 2,000 a day.The department has also made online registration and payment of an entry fee of Rs 10 per person mandatory for visitors to the world heritage site.The Satara division of the state forest department has launched a website 'www.kas.ind.in' on August 5 for online registration and payment of entry fee.The Kas plateau is home to several rare and endemic species of plants. Between 30,000 and 50,000 tourists visit the plateau on weekends during the peak season in monsoon. The department has appealed to the visitors to visit the plateau on weekdays instead of weekends.The website gives details on how to reach the plateau, places to see around Kas, conservation measures, do's and don'ts for visitors, current updates and weather among others.P N Munde, chief conservator of forest (territorial), Kolhapur, told TOI that visitors will have to register and make online payment first.N R Praveen, deputy conservator of forest, Satara, said the website also gives the bank details to pay the entry fee.\"The registration of visitors will help restrict the crowd and also give the exact number of visitors per day. We will not allow more than 2,000 visitors a day,'' he said.For registering for the visit, a person has to fill in the details like his name, address, number of persons in the team, vehicle details and email id. After the registration, a copy of the registration confirmation comes to the email id of the person who has registered.The forest department has trained 20 people from the villages near Kas plateau as guides last month, Praveen said.Praveen said that the fencing work along the road to the plateau has been stopped. Around 50% of the work has been completed. And a decision on the remaining portion will be taken soon, he said.The fencing was taken up to restrict the movement of vehicles and avoid trampling of plants. But local residents opposed the move, saying that it was detrimental to the eco-system and will obstruct the movement of animals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15428770", "title": "PMC starts renovation of Tulshibaug market", "text": "PUNE: A shopper's paradise, Tulshibaug market in the city will soon regain its traditional look as the Pune Municipal Corporation ( PMC) started the Rs 2-crore renovation and restoration work on Thursday.Entrances marked with arches and paving in traditional basalt stone masonry, 'vrindavan'-shaped bollards, thematically consistent shop signs and lighting that complements its heritage and appeal are part of the restoration plan.The arch over Bajirao Road's entrance will bear the gallery design of Vishrambaugwada, while that over Mandai Road will bear the gallery design of the Ram temple in its courtyard. A 'mandap' opposite Tulshibaug Ganesh temple and fans to ease suffocation when crowded are planned.In addition, the existing wadas here with heritage value will also be given a facelift, including painting and other minor repairs. All boards will have antique looks. Seating arrangements wherever possible and drinking water arrangements will also be made. Websites, innovative marketing and tourist walks in the area will guide new buyers and visitors to the area.The renovation work was launched by BJP MLA Girish Bapat. Local MLA Madhuri Misal said that Tulshibaug market area's revitalisation will cost Rs 2 crore, of which Rs 40 lakh will be spent this financial year.She said that the civic body will clear the encroachments and construct toilets for women.The temple will also undergo renovation as its woodwork, spire and embellishments are withering away. Many of the surrounding structures bear signs of structural weakening.The dangerously criss-crossing electrical cables, slipshod installations and peeling plaster baring the walls are some blots.The hotchpotch development around has added to the visual chaos. \"We are trying to keep the traditional look. An e-purchase scheme will also be launched to decongest the area,\" said Misal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15426592", "title": "State to raise pitch on drought, Mumbai during PM's visit", "text": "MUMBAI: Upping the stakes for assistance for drought crisis, the state government plans to make a revised pitch for aid to tide over the drought crisis during Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's visit to Mumbai later this month. The state had demanded Rs 2,547 crore from the Centre for immediate drought mitigation measures before the centre's empowered group of ministers (EGOM) on drought, which is chaired by union agriculture minister and NCP leader Sharad Pawar .The funds were sought for schemes to enhance fodder production, construct check dams to tap water, restructure farm loans and recharge depleted groundwater and carry out repairs and renovate functional irrigation projects and revamp irrigation projects.The funding aid demand for immediate drought relief and mitigation measures is likely to be raised to Rs 3011 crore in a presentation to be made to Singh. The state government has decided to include completion of last mile minor irrigation projects and demand remission of discounts extended on electricity bills in drought-prone areas in the schemes for aid.The Congress is also hoping to score political points over NCP with the increased demand. Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan is also likely to hard sell Mumbai's transformation plans during Singh's visit. Demands for funding assistance, policy changes and unlocking of central land for slum redevelopment schemes, funding boost for infrastructure projects like the transharbour link, the coastal ring road, and the multi-modal corridor are expected to be raised. Chavan has instructed officials to make detailed presentations in this regard. To push the slum-free Mumbai plan, the state will ask centre to revise policy decisions for slum rehabilitation schemes for the city as a special case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15429438", "title": "Give Manoj Tiwary a longer rope: Vengsarkar", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former India captain and ex-selection committee chief Dilip Vengsarkar feels Rohit Sharma's string of failures should open the door for Manoj Tiwary to get a longer run in the Indian team.\"Rohit has failed for too long. I think Manoj Tiwary should have got the nod straightaway when Rohit was struggling,\" Vengsarkar told reporters at a promotional event on Thursday.\"There is no doubt over Rohit's potential and ability. But he has to convert potential into performance. Tiwary has proven himself with both bat and ball. If Rohit is struggling for so long then opportunities should be given to others,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "15426944", "title": "Property pundits foresee boom in realty along e-way", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: With the Yamuna Expressway being opened, property pundits believe that that realty market in the region is going to witness a boom and the NCR and western UP belt will become a hot destination for homebuyers and investors. This region will become a hub of affordable housing and many home aspirants are likely to shift to this area. Currently, the market price for land in the area is Rs 30,000 per square yard, however now that the expressway has opened, a hike of 30% in property prices is expected.\"Opening of the Yamuna Expressway will give a remarkable boost to the real estate sector. Homebuyers will also benefit from the world class infrastructure,\" said Sameer Gaur, joint MD of Jaypee group. The expressway promoter will also develop five integrated townships on 500 hectares each at Noida, Jaganpur, Mirzapur, Tappal near Aligarh and Kuber near Agra.\"This is one of the biggest achievements for the development of Uttar Pradesh. When we talk about the real estate market along the Yamuna Expressway, it is a dream come true for the real estate sector,\" said Supertech director, Mohit Arora. Supertech has planned the Upcountry and Golf Country projects along the Yamuna Expressway.\"The era of development has begun along the Yamuna Expressway. Not only housing projects, but various Indian and multinational companies have started moving to this region. In the long run, this will be a stretch of ideal cities,\" said Vineet Gupta, director of Ajnara India.Even Ajnara India has planned a project called Panorama within close proximity to Buddh International Circuit. \"The opening of the Yamuna Expressway is a milestone achieved. This will also lead to major developments in all nearby areas. Now traveling from Delhi to Agra would be a short trip and this will encourage and add more potential to the area's development. It is not just beneficial for tourists but also for daily travellers who face a lot of problems being stuck in traffic jams on the other highways,\" Gupta said.\"Infrastructure development in any zone that makes it accessible and well-connected strengthens the acceptability of that region. The area will become an attractive destination for investment and further derive higher capital values,\" said Brijesh Bhanote, director of 3C Company, which has project named Lotus City along the Yamuna Expressway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15426755", "title": "Peacocks take flight from Greater Noida", "text": "NOIDA: The satellite townships adjoining the national capital may be witnessing a lot of development, but environmentalists point out that this has also upset the ecology of the region. What was once a haven for the national bird, the peacock, has slowly turned into a nightmare for the feathered kind. Rampant developmental in areas near villages like Patwari and Bisrakh has resulted in complete disappearance of peacocks that once used to flock the region.The villagers have alleged that labourers working on construction sites are also killing peacocks. The district veterinary department said that they have found a skeleton of a peacock which points towards a virus that is infecting the birds in the area. The villages of Greater Noida, like Bisrakh, Patwari, Ithera and Milak (now better know as Noida Extension), were known as the richest habitats of the peacock, but in the last few years their saga has met with a sad end.\"A team of doctors that visited Greater Noida is treating three peacocks which are in a critical state,\" said chief veterinary officer, Dr Harpal Singh. \"Preliminary investigation suggests they have been infected with a virus that could be due to heavy pollution in the area. Large scale construction and pollution is outside the comfort zone of peacocks,\" Singh added.\"At least four peacocks have died in the past couple of days in Patwari and Bisrakh villages. We approached the veterinary hospital in Bisrakh, but doctors took the issue casually and the peacocks could not get proper treatment on time and died,\" said Harpal Singh of Bisrakh.TOI first had reported about how the habitat of national bird is widely neglected. Later, farmers had also written to the Centre and the state government saying that haphazard construction of high-rise residential towers has caused serious environmental concerns in Noida Extension villages. The Gramin Panchayat Morcha (GPM) had written a letter to Union environment minister Jayanthi Natarajan, besides other authorities in the state and central governments, seeking action \"against the culprits\".\"Projects of over 25 small and big private builders has collectively wreaked havoc on the environmental heritage in Noida Extension. Rapid construction activities coupled with increased human activities around a dozen villages in Greater Noida has led to the mass extinction of peacocks. This area once had peacocks numbering thousands, but now has reduced to a minimal,\" said environmentalist Vikrant Tongad.\"Our peacocks have died. The green area has reduced from 22% to 19%. The Noida Extension area was highly fertile with rich biodiversity \u2014 lush green fields, canals, ponds and palm trees. Local management committees (LMCs) of gram panchayats have been maintaining them. But the whole system has been damaged with the passage of time,\" said farmer leader Dushyant Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15429755", "title": "Programme on mental health", "text": "HUBLI: Thanks to the keen interest evinced by Karnataka high court in creating awareness among people about mental health, the departments concerned have geared to up to launch several programmes in the state.As part of the campaign, Karnataka State Mental Health Authority, in association with police, legal services cell, Bar Association and district hospital, will organize a programme at Veerendra Heggade Kalakshetra off Dharwad from 9am on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15428352", "title": "Trawler owners'always follow safety rules'", "text": "MARGAO: In the wake of the South Goa district collector issuing an order prohibiting any fishing trawler from venturing into the sea without life safety equipment, a meeting was held at the Cutbona jetty that was attended by the trawler owners, where need to follow safety rules was emphasized.Trawlers owners, however, claimed that they would always venture into the sea carrying the requisite life safety equipment, but the various provisions of the new order was discussed at the meeting, nonetheless.After a fishing vessel got stranded in the sea off Varca beach on Sunday, the South Goa collector, N D Agarwal, issued an order barring any fishing vessel from leaving fishing jetties unless all the crew members wore lifejackets.Patrick D'Silva, president, Cutbona Boat Owners Union, welcomed the decision and hoped that the fisheries department implements it properly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15428372", "title": "Parrikar's a bluff master: Greens on mining policy", "text": "PANAJI: Environmentalists and mining activists termed the draft mining policy 'illegal' and against the people of state. They also criticized chief minister Manohar Parrikar for protecting the interests of mining lobby through the said policy.Reacting to document, which was tabled in the assembly, environmentalist Ramesh Gauns said that this policy is not in the interest of Goa, and that there is no difference between the new mining policy and the old one.He also said that activists had high hopes from this government, but that \"Chief minister Manohar Parrikar has become a bluff master because he has brought this policy to mislead the people of the state\".He also saw through the timing of the tabling of the policy in the assembly; \"it was done in such a way that it does not come up for discussion, and thus does not expose the intention of the government,\" he said.\"Parrikar did not want to face criticism on his mining policy and so he introduced it at the last minute\", Gauns added, maintaining that it favours mine owners, transporters and contractors.The draft policy has stated that all mines will be asked to put in place corporate social responsibility schemes, setting aside 3% of their net profit of the previous year.\"This policy is carved out to protect the interest of mine-owners and there is nothing in it for the people of state, and if government was serious, then instead of 3%, it should have been 20%,\" Gauns added. Speaking on saving rivers, he said that there is nothing mentioned about the protection of Selaulim rand Khandepar rivers from mining contaminationGauns wasn't the only one scathing in their criticism of Parrikar. Sebastian Rodrigues, Goa convenor of Bharat mukti morcha, told TOI that \"The mining policy is illegal because most of the mines are in tribal areas and the fifth schedule (of the Constitution of India) has not been declared in Goa\".\"The Goa government has no right to declare mining policy in tribal areas,\" said Rodrigues, adding that declaring mining policy before implementing the fifth schedule is absolutely haphazard, and hence, illegal.He also suggested that the government should declare the fifth schedule, which would stop mining. \"Then, there would be no need of a mining policy,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "15427875", "title": "Scrap scam: TDP leader's hubby among 3 suspended", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Three senior officials, including husband of TDP state women's wing president Shobha Hymavathi, were on Thursday suspended by the Hindustan Shipyard Ltd (HSL) management in connection with the scrap material scam.The scam, worth Rs. 3.5 crore, came to light some two months back.The shipyard's management has already suspended seven employees with three of them having already been arrested by police.Former TDP MLA's husband S Appala Raju, who is a dry dock engineer, security inspector Suri Babu and security supervisor Kumar Dhainik were suspended on Thursday. Police arrested Kumar Dhainik, Suri Babu and Rajan Appala Raju, who were among those suspended earlier. Sources said that Appala Raju and Samuel were absconding.The tainted employees of HSL, which was recently merged with the defence ministry, came under the scanner after about 360 tonnes of scrap was found missing from official records.The shipyard management found this out on June 12 and immediately took action against officials allegedly involved in the scam. The waste material from newly-constructed vessels and repaired ships is usually sent to scrap merchants as per norms stipulated by the shipyard. Five lorries of 17 tonnes capacity each daily pick up the scrap from the shipyard. But the accused officials caused losses to HSL by lowering the weight of the lorry from 17 tonnes to 12 tonnes and carting away the balance to private players.\"This went on for almost 72 days before the HSL management stumbled upon the missing scrap,\" sources said. Each tonne of scrap, which is imported steel, fetches Rs 16,000 to Rs 17,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15426624", "title": "Launched and lost: 3rdEye, pink auto service die within months", "text": "GURGAON: The two ambitious projects of the Gurgaon police, pink autos and 3rdEye, have gradually, over a period of time, become defunct. According to senior officers, work is on for reviving the 3rdEye project, however, there are no such plans for pink autos.Pink autos, exclusively meant for women passengers, were launched a year-and-half ago at HUDA City Centre and MG Road Metro stations.The 3rdEye project was started in August 2011 but was shelved in less than three months of its operation because of lack of funds. The unique initiative enabled traffic cops, equipped with special smartphones, to click picture of a violator and instantly transmit it to the challan officers. They in-turn slapped fine on the violator. The back-end servers, connected to the smartphones via GPRS, were used to maintain permanent records of offenders.Around 5,000 challans were issued with the help of 200 smartphones during such a short span of the project. Joint commissioner of police Anil Rao said, \"The project will soon get functional once again. The department is in need of equipment required to implement the project.\"A visit to HUDA City Centre Metro station found that all the 20 pink autos there have again turned to the usual green ones. Drivers of the pink autos said that it was getting difficult because of frequent fights with green auto drivers over ferrying women passengers, especially with no support from police.Vijay Singh, who used to drive a pink auto, said, \"Other auto drivers were not only abusive but often threatened to beat us up if we argued over ferrying women passengers. No one was ready to take the risk.\" Now we take whoever is ready to pay, he added.The situation at MG Road Metro station, however, was quite the opposite. Several pink autos were seen plying, though male passengers were seated in many of them.Ajay Sharma, an autorickshaw driver who identified himself as the leader of all the pink auto drivers, said, \"Instead of the allowed strength of 14, 32 pink autos are plying from here.\"Women passengers, on the other hand, say the \"pink\" colour of the autos does not make any difference as they have to hackle with their drivers over fare.The Gurgaon police had entrusted the traffic department to maintain a database of the pink auto drivers, having their identification, contact numbers and address. No such data, however, is available with the traffic police department.DCP (traffic) Bharti Arora said the pink auto service is market driven and drivers cannot be forced to drive only such autorickshaws.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15427911", "title": "Quranic manuscripts to be displayed at SJM", "text": "HYDERABAD: Quranic manuscripts from the personal collection of Salar Jung III Mir Yousuf Ali Khan will be on display from August 11 at Salar Jung Museum.Museum director Nagender Reddy said that the oldest of manuscripts are from the 13th century while the newest collections date to the 17th century. \"This is a part of our efforts to interact with different religious communities. Besides the manuscripts, miniature paintings of all holy places of Islam will also be put on display,\" he said.The illuminated manuscripts are known for their ornate calligraphy and cover decorations. The exhibition will be open for public until August 23.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "oak creek (wisconsin)", "code": "15429332", "title": "Punjab CM lands in US, appeals for peace", "text": "OAK CREEK (WISCONSIN): Describing the Wisconsin gurdwara shooting that claimed six lives as \"very shocking\" , Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal has appealed to the Sikhs in the US to keep \"peace and harmony\" , as he met the victims' families and visited the injured.Badal, who is on a private visit to the US with several of his cabinet colleagues, reached Milwaukee area in Wisconsin on Wednesday and met the victims' families.The Punjab chief minister is also expected to attend the visitation for the gurdwara shooting victims on Friday, which will take place from 9 am to 11 am local time at the Oak Creek High School. \"I came here for a wedding; I never expected such a thing,\" Badal said.When the shooting incident occurred on Sunday, Badal said he was in Delhi.He arrived in the Milwaukee area late on Tuesday and visited Froedtert Hospital, where three of those wounded in the attack are in critical condition. He also met other victims' families.On his arrival in Chicago , Badal urged the members of the Sikh community in the US to keep \"peace and harmony\" despite the incident , the worst for a small but strong community in the US. \"Everybody is worried. We never expected such a thing would happen in the US,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15428406", "title": "'Infirmary for animal care not appointed under Cruelty Act'", "text": "PANAJI: The state government could have avoided the liability it suffered in the bulls' medical bill payment case had it appointed infirmaries for the treatment and care of animals. The latter is a requirement under the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act, 1960.Section 35 (1) of the Act empowers the government to appoint infirmaries for the treatment and care of animals. Section 35 (4) of the Act provides that the cost of transporting the animal to an infirmary, and its maintenance and treatment at the infirmary, shall be payable by the owner of the animal in accordance with the scale of rates to be prescribed by a district magistrate.In the case between the government and the cattle owner, in the case involving nine rescued bulls, the additional sessions court at Margao had referred to these sections of the Act.The court held that \"in such a case strict compliance of the aforesaid provisions of law is warranted and the cost of treatment of the bulls can be obtained from the owner only if the said bulls are kept in a government-appointed infirmary and further if the cost of treatment is in accordance with the scale of rates prescribed by the district magistrate/commissioner of police\".Dealing with this aspect, the high court of Bombay at Goa, hearing an aggrieved government, held that the additional sessions court is right in holding that the intervener (PAWS) was not appointed as an infirmary by the state government in terms of Section 35 (1), as the government neither produced any notification before the sessions court nor before the high court.The high court also observed that the government has not been able to point out any notification issued by the district magistrate in terms of Section 35 (4) of the Act mentioning the costs of maintenance and treatment in an infirmary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15429674", "title": "Junior badminton selection trials in city", "text": "NASHIK: The first state Junior Badminton selection trials began in the city on Wednesday at Nashik Gymkhana and Sree Mandal Hall. The five-day event, in which nearly 350 boys and girls of U-17 and U-19 from across the state are taking part, will conclude on Sunday, August 12.Top players of the state, including Kaushal Dharmsar, Vighnesh Devalkar, Chirag Shetty, Prateek Chotani, Sidharth Thakur, Dheeraj Kumar among boys and Lalita Katre, Karishma Wadkar, Riya Pillai, Rasika Raje among girls will participate. Matches are being played at the two venues under the guidance Maharashtra Badminton Association (MBA).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15427785", "title": "Infosys employee Neelima may have ended life due to marital problems: Police", "text": "HYDERABAD: The mystery over Infosys techie B Neelima's death is likely to continue for another week as her viscera samples reached Andhra Pradesh Forensic Science Laboratory (APFSL) only on Wednesday. However, after a week-long probe into the mysterious death, police suspect it to be an act of suicide due to marital problems.Police are waiting for the post-mortem and forensic reports to arrive at a conclusion on Neelima's death. As a part of the probe, the investigating officials have so far verified the call data record of Neelima and checked the SMSs and e-mails she had sent or received from various people.In the e-mail sent to her husband Suresh Reddy just before her death, Neelima purportedly stated that they were a mismatch. \"After the scrutiny of e-mails and questioning her husband, we suspect that Neelima may have ended her life due to marital problems,\" an officer, who is part of the probe, said.Police have also discovered that Neelima had given about Rs 25 lakh to Suresh Reddy in the last couple of years. \"We got to know that she borrowed some money from colleagues in the US to help her husband launch his own business. However, Suresh seems to have not used the money properly and lost most of it,\" the official said.Neelima was a distant relative of Suresh, a BCA graduate, and fell in love with him when she arrived in Hyderabad to do her engineering course. They got married two-and-half years ago and a year ago she moved to the US to work for Infosys there. After Neelima left for US, Suresh followed her, but returned to India after staying there for a fortnight.It was during this period that Neelima became really unhappy with the behaviour of her husband, and started feeling that she had married the wrong person. Even after coming to the city, Neelima decided to stay with her mother at KPHB.On July 31, Neelima left her house in the night as Suresh was forcing her to choose between either going to his house in Kukatpally or letting him come to her KPHB house. It appears that to avoid meeting her husband, Neelima went to Infosys office and then the mysterious death occurred there, another officer said.Even though Neelima had expressed slight dissatisfaction about her marital life in her emails, she did not write a suicide note nor did she mention anything against any person, including her husband.In his statement before police, Neelima's friend Prashant said that she told him that Suresh dropped her at Infosys office on July 31. But it was not true as police found out that she came there in order to avoid meeting her husband, for reasons yet to be known.Police cracked Neelima's email and came to know that she had sent an email to her husband just before her death. \"Your way of thinking is different from mine. I am paining you by being quiet. I am unable to adjust. I always wanted to live my life my own way. I like individuality and freedom. Your thoughts are entirely different. I am not trying to fault you. Mana Iddariki set avadu ra...I am very sorry,\" she said in her mail.Police said that Neelima had also sent an SMS to Suresh informing him that she was going to end her life. \"However, when we questioned Suresh about the SMS, he said that he did not see the SMS. But, the reality is that he had deleted the SMS from his phone,\" the officer said.Police are maintaining a wait-and-watch policy till they get the post-mortem and forensic reports. The viscera samples reached APFSL only on Wednesday and with three holidays in a row, the lab authorities said it might take a week to give the report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15427628", "title": "Left Front slams 'populist' Mamata", "text": "KOLKATA: A day after her visit to Belpahari, chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Thursday - used the occasion of International Day of the World's Indigenous People - scored another point with the tribal populace by appreciating their way of life. on Thursday said, \"Today is 'World Tribal Day'. That was one more reason for my visit to Belpahari yesterday, about which I already posted. I love tribals, their unique culture , forests and closeness to nature. On this day, I wish all the best to the tribals all over the world, for their development and happiness. I firmly believe that \"Aranyer Adhikar\" (Right to Forests) should be with the tribals,\" she said.The state Congress, an ally in the Mamata Banerjee cabinet, on Thursday, welcomed the chief minister's initiatives in Jangalmahal, while but the opposition Left Front was sharply critical of her \"populist politics.\" Left Front chairperson Biman Bose even said that more the CM dabbles with such populism, development will take a back seat if the CM keeps dabbling with such populism.On Wednesday, just after the Mamata, only the day before had posted in Facebook after her Belpahari meeting, Mamata's post on Facebook read: \"History shows rule of gun does not bring peace. Peace is earned through sincerity, devotion and commitment towards development. I have promised to the people of Belpahari to return and personally see the progress of development works in this backward area. For a long time, Belpahari and surrounding areas used to be ruled by guns. But now, transformation has taken place. Peace and development are doing wonders and over one lakh people had gathered for the meeting today.\"Irked by her statement, Bose, on Thursday, said, That is why a crowd of more than lakhs have peacefully assembled at today's meeting at Belpahari,\" she said.Bose, however, critised her. \"Her hurry to win accolades get applause will pose a problem to the development of the region. In the past 14 months, there has hardly been any work. The Public Distribution System is creaking and there is acute scarcity of drinking water. But she is keener on populism than real work.\"State Forward Bloc general secretary Ashok Ghosh said, \"The CM is visiting Darjeeling. She is also going to Jangalmahal and making commitments to the people out there. But going by the record of her government's performance in the past 14 months, it's evident that show that many of the commitments made will not be fulfilled.\"Pradesh Congress president Pradip Bhattacharjee, however, said, was all praise.\"We welcome the steps being taken by the chief minister to improve the economic condition in Jangalmahal. The region has been neglected for years,\" he said.Bhattacharjee also pointed out that this would not have been possible without the Centre's help. It is also assisting the state government by providing funds for various schemes in the Maoist-hit area Junglemahal. He added that the Pradesh Congress will send a team there to explain the central schemes available to the people. They will also hold a public rally will also be held in Jangalmahal which will be finalised in the August 11 state Congress' executive committee meet.The CM went a step ahead on Thursday - International Day of the World's Indigenous People - and scored a point with the tribals by appreciating their way of life and closeness with nature. \"On this day, I wish all the best to the tribals all over the world, for their development and happiness.I firmly believe that \"Aranyer Adhikar\" (Right to Forests) should be with the tribals,\" she said.Bose, however, critised her. \"Her hurry to get applause will pose a problem for the development of the region. In the past 14-months, there has hardly been any work, the Public Distribution System is creaking and there is acute scarcity of drinking water. She is keener on populism then real work,\" he said. \"She is going to the Darjeeling hills. She is also going to Junglemahal and making commitments to the people. But the record of her government's performance in the past 14 months show that many of the commitments made will not be fulfilled,\" state Forward Bloc general secretary Ashok Ghosh said.Chief minister Mamata Banerjee, used the occasion of International Day of the World's Indigenous People on Thursday said, \"Today is 'World Tribal Day'. That was one more reason for my visit to Belpahari yesterday, about which I already posted. I love tribals, their unique culture, forests and their closeness to nature. On this day, I wish all the best to the tribals all over the world, for their development and happiness. I firmly believe that \"Aranyer Adhikar\" (Right to Forests) should be with the tribals.\"Mamata, only the day before had posted in Facebook after her Belpahari meeting, \"History shows rule of gun does not bring peace. Peace is earned through sincerity, devotion and commitment towards development. I have promised to the people of Belpahari to return and personally see the progress of development works taken up in this backward area. For a long time, Belpahari and surrounding areas used to be ruled by guns. But now, transformation has taken place. Peace and development are doing wonders. That is why a crowd of more than lakhs have peacefully assembled at today's meeting at Belpahari,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15431220", "title": "London 2012 Olympics: Google's football doodle", "text": "NEW DELHI: Google, on Friday, displayed yet another animated and interactive London Olympics 2012 doodle on its homepage.The animated London 2012 Football is the 15th doodle since the opening ceremony of London Olympics, an endeavour of the search giant to extend its support to the thrilling sporting extravaganza.Google has made the London 2012 Football doodle interactive allowing users to play by pressing the spacebar, left and right cursor movement keys or arrow keys on the computer keyboard.It features a goalkeeper and a player, the latter controlled by the user. The game starts as soon as the blue button, displayed in the doodle, is clicked.Once the button is clicked, the goalkeeper runs to take position in front of the goalpost to save the shots by the striker on goal.On pressing the cursor the goalkeeper moves right and left to defend. The spacebar also allows the goalkeeper to jump to catch the ball.There is no limitation of time and the game continues till three goals are scored, following which the score is displayed on the board.The score can also be shared on Google's social networking service Google Plus.In the doodle, the letters of the logo of Google are seen divided.The first three letters of the logo are seen on the left side of the goalpost and the rest on the right side.The London Olympics 2012, officially the Games of the XXX Olympiadis, kicked off on 27 July, 2012 and will conclude on August 12, 2012.About 10,000 athletes from 204 countries are participating in the games.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15427783", "title": "India attends Iran meet on Syria war", "text": "NEW DELHI: India was represented by a mid-level official at a last-minute international meeting on Syria organized by Iran in Tehran on Thursday. The hurriedly-convened meeting is ostensibly aimed to help stop the continuing violence and start a political dialogue. But since Iran is Damascus' principal backer, the effort is also being seen as an initiative to shore up support for beleaguered Syrian President Basher-al Assad, who the West want out of power.Rajeev Shahare, joint secretary in the West Asia North Africa (WANA) division of the MEA, arrived in Tehran on Thursday morning to join 27 countries at the meeting, including China and Russia. The others at the table included a motley crew of nations from Asia, Africa and Latin America . As a member of the UN Security Council, MEA officials said it was important for India to get a rounded view of events and developments relating to Syria. The meeting was at the foreign ministers' level, with Pakistan , Iraq and Zimbabwe sending their foreign ministers.India has been virtually all over the place on Syria, especially in the UN. Having abstained from the first vote in 2011, India voted against Assad in February. At the Human Rights Council in Geneva , India voted against the Syrian regime's violations in May, but abstained from a second vote in early July. Later in July, India voted in favour of a fairly critical UNSC resolution on Syria, but later in the month abstained from a vote in the UN General Assembly . The inconsistency of the Indian position has less to do with the situation in Syria than New Delhi's own political compulsions. Syria has been on a steady deteriorating slope for the past year, and the stalemate between the warring sides has remained more or less steady. But India's vote has been influenced by everything from its commitment to secularism and therefore a support of Assad, to India's ties with the Gulf Arab countries who want to go after Iran and Syria and Indian distaste of externally induced solutions to internal crises.According to Iranian TV, Iranian foreign minister Ali Akbar Salehi , who opened the meeting said, \"Iran has a strong belief that the only solution to the crisis is through serious, all-encompassing national dialogue between the opposition, which has popular support, and the Syrian government to establish calm and security.\" He added, \"The Islamic Republic of Iran is opposed to any foreign interference and military intervention in resolving the Syrian crisis. Iran supports the efforts by the UN secretary general (Ban Ki-moon) in peacefully resolving the Syrian crisis,\" he said.Western and Gulf Arab countries were not invited, while Lebanon (which this week arrested a former minister with ties to Assad), Turkey and Kuwait refused to come. According to Iran, the countries present were, Afghanistan , Algeria, Armenia , Benin , Belarus , China, Cuba , Ecuador , Georgia , India, Indonesia , Jordan , Kazakhstan , Kyrgyzstan , Maldives, Mauritania , Nicaragua , Oman , Russia , Sri Lanka , Sudan , Tajikistan , Tunisia , Turkmenistan and Venezuela .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15429094", "title": "Agricultural department, banks play blame game over distribution of KCC", "text": "RANCHI: Officials of the state agriculture department and various nationalized banks on Thursday locked horns during the 39th state-level bankers' committee ( SLBC) meet over the issue of distribution of Kisan Credit Cards (KCC) to farmers.The stalemate emerged over difference of figures. While the government blamed the banks for not issuing KCCs as per recommendation of the agriculture department, the banks accused the government of presenting wrong figures.The representatives of the banks said that 61,000 KCCs have been issued as against 3.6 lakh applications received at bank branches. Agriculture department secretary A K Singh contested the claim and argued that the department has forwarded as many as 9.56 lakh applications. He also reminded the banks that around 12 lakh KCCs issued by banks earlier are defunct and not being used.\"Around five to seven lakh cards are in use with regular money transactions taking place,\" he said.Taking note of the difference in figures, chief minister Arjun Munda , who attended the meet, said that the figures must be reconciled soon. Presiding over the meet, Allahabad Bank executive director TR Chawla set the banks a deadline of August 31 to complete the process of opening accounts of every family in at least Ranchi, Ramgarh, Hazaribag and Saraikela-Kharsawan districts. He said that according to rough estimates there are about 65.93 lakh families in the state and there must be an equal number of bank accounts and the banks are already behind deadline.Chief secretary S K Choudhary asked the banks to dispose all pending KCC applications by August 31 and ensure rejection of application is an exception and not a rule. \"We see two broad reasons for rejection of applications - when the applicant is a defaulter or he fails to submit land record documents,\" Choudhary said, agreeing that the government has to speed up documentation and electronic updating of land records in all the districts.In the current financial year, banks have been allotted a target to distribute six lakh KCCs. As of June 2012, only 77,365 cards have been distributed. During the meet bank officials and government expressed satisfaction over 58.03 CD ratio in state, which is still slightly below the national ratio of 60%. Given the poor distribution of KCCs on the basis of the national standards parameter, Jharkhand banks seem to be performing poorly in agriculture sector lending.Lending in priority sector out of the annual credit plan is 40% which is at par with national average whereas in agriculture sector this has been 13.07% around 5% below the national benchmark.The meeting was attended by Bank of India executive director B P Sharma, RBI general Manager H N Panda and other senior bank officials and departmental heads of the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15426715", "title": "Fishermen protest permit to foreigners", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Fishermen from across the state staged a dharna here on Thursday protesting against the government's move to permit foreign fishing vessels to operate in Indian waters. The fishermen from Ganjam, Puri, Kendrapada, Jagatsinghpur, Bhadrak and Balasore, took out a rally from the railway station to PMG square, where they demonstrated. The stir was organised by the Odisha Traditional Fish Workers Union.The union also opposed the Centre's move to set up 40 nuclear power plants along the coast, proper implementation of the CRZ act and rehabilitation of fishermen communities. Later, they submitted a memorandum to Governor in support of their demands.The memorandum signed by union president N C Haldar and general secretary K Aleya stated that the Centre has recently issued 77 new letters of permit to foreign fishing vessels over and above the existing 540 permits. \"This is nothing but allowing loot of country's fisheries resources by foreign agents,\" the memorandum stated.It urged the government to cancel this 'anti national' move and plan to set up nuclear power plants.Instead, the fishermen demanded implementation of welfare and social security schemes to support and enhance housing insurance, education and income facilities for fishermen families and inclusion of fishermen families in the BPL list.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15428516", "title": "St Estevam villagers demand a new sarpanch within 15 days", "text": "PANAJI: The villagers of St Estevam island have given an ultimatum to the panchayat to elect a new sarpanch within 15 days.This decision was taken at a specially convened meeting of villagers at Casa do Povo hall in St Estevam on August 5. The villagers were forced to convene the public meeting due to the unsavoury happenings at the first gram sabha meeting of the newly elected village panchayat held on July 29.The gram sabha was abruptly adjourned by the sarpanch, Nolasco Menezes, when he realized that the villagers were infuriated with his style of functioning.In a complaint to the director of panchayats, the villagers have alleged that the sarpanch tried to threaten and intimidate the villagers when they started opposing his plans to build a bridge from Tolto, St Estevam, to Daugim, Old Goa.The villagers are of the opinion that the proposed bridge will be ecologically disastrous to the fragile bio-diversity of the island. They alleged that the sarpanch and his henchmen were pushing the project at the behest of vested interests such as the real estate , mining as well as sand lobbies.Things came to a boil at the gram sabha when the sarpanch prevented a priest, a son of the village and a registered voter, from speaking.When people protested, the sarpanch tried to intimidate them by his aggressive behaviour and vented out his frustration by damaging the sound system, allege those present. Knowing that he and his supporters, who wanted to push through the proposal of the bridge, were outnumbered, the sarpanch abruptly adjourned the meeting and disappeared from the scene before people could vent their anger, villagers further alleged.The residents said they were shocked to see footage on a local television news channel on August 4 in which the sarpanch was seen giving \"contradictory\" news while speaking alone in the panchayat officeAfter this footage, the sarpanch was quoted in another newspaper report dated August 5, in which he retracted his earlier stand, and stated that he fully supported the people's decision not to build the bridge and widen the roads and that he would abide by this decision.Notwithstanding this, the villagers called for a public meeting at Casa do Povo hall on Sunday.At this meeting, the speakers condemned the attitude and behaviour of the sarpanch as unbecoming of someone elected to represent their village interests and inimical as well as detrimental to the process of grass roots democracy and local self-governance as envisaged by the Panchayati Raj Act.There was an unanimous demand at the largely attended public meeting of concerned villagers that the sarpanch should resign and that the panchayat members should elect a new sarpanch befitting the post.The meeting resolved to write to the concerned authorities and give an ultimatum of 15 days to the panchayat members to elect a new sarpanch and plan the next course of action, thereafter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15428106", "title": "For Lord Krishna Lucknow markets buzz with decorative items", "text": "LUCKNOW: City markets are flooded with latest designer items all set to enhance the decorative quotient of the festival of Janmasthami. From stone studded mukuts (tiara) to singhasans with meenakari work, colourful zari dresses and stone-studded morphankh flutes, the devotees have an impressive assortment to choose from. The main attraction is the illuminated aluminium cradle which is already out of stock. \"The illuminated aluminium cradles are the most sought after decorative item and we are left with none. Depending on the size, it ranges from Rs 450 to Rs 800,\" said SN Tandon, a shopkeeper in Aminabad. He added that stone-studded aluminium cradles are also popular among buyers as they are economical, ranging from Rs 100-400.The new addition in the market also includes turban style mukut and singhasan with morpankh print on it, which costs Rs 65-150 and Rs 75-325 respectively. The vibrant coloured dresses with zari work are in vogue. \"This time, we have introduced the famous zari work of Madhya Pradesh , which has become an instant hit,\" said Lokesh Srivastava, another shopkeeper.While markets are full of latest varieties of decorative items, sweet shops have introduced new sweet delicacies especially for Janmasthami. Dishes such as kaju pakori, kuttu pakori, lauki kheer, sweet dry fruits and singhara snacks will be available in the markets. \"Nowadays most of the people are working and because of their hectic schedule, they do not have time to prepare dishes. So, we have come up with many dishes which they can eat during their fast,\" said Ravindra Gupta, co-owner of a prominent sweet shop in Sadar Bazaar. He added that they have piled up their stocks, as the demand is all set to soar for the festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15429533", "title": "No hand in Adarsh flat of nephew: Minister", "text": "MUMBAI: Minister Jayant Patil on Thursday denied having anything to do with his nephew getting a flat in Adarsh and sought to pass the buck for land allotment to the society to the revenue department then headed by former CMAshok Chavan.Patil, who was finance minister from October 1999 to December 2008, claimed that he first came to know his nephew had applied for membership of Adarsh only in 2010. \"Aditya Patil is my elder brother's son. I came to know that he was a member of the Adarsh society when news of the alleged scam came in the newspapers,\" Patil told the judicial commission of Justice (retired) J A Patil and member P Subrahmanyam.Patil further denied pushing Aditya's case for getting a flat in the society or having granted any favours to Adarsh. \"I was never aware that Aditya Patil was a member of the Adarsh society. Financially , he is independent. I make it clear that I have absolutely no connection or any hand in Aditya becoming a member of Adarsh society. I have not shown any favours or given any concession to the Adarsh society,\" said Patil during his questioning.\"As far as Adarsh is concerned I have always gone by the advice given by the finance department , the officials and the finance secretary ,\" he said. He also blamed the revenue department headed by Chavan and director of town planning for various decisions on Adarsh. \"Grant of government land to any co-operative housing society is the revenue department's prerogative. The valuation of the land is done by the director, town planning. The finance minister and department only gives its concurrence to the valuation,\" said Patil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15428521", "title": "South Goa comunidade workers call off strike", "text": "MARGAO: The week-long pen-down strike by the South Goa comunidade staffers finally paid off after they were given assurances that all their pending salaries would be settled before August 15.BJP spokesperson Damodar Naik who met the comunidade staff workers on Thursday stated that the chief minister and revenue minister would meet the workers on August 14 . While conveying the assurances on behalf of the government, Naik added that similar assurances regarding a provision of a sum of 50 lakh had already been made in the assembly.\"We have decided to put our strike on abeyance till then, meaning we will resume work from Friday. The chief minister has called us on August 14 and if he assures to settle our issues and if the meeting is a positive one we will call off our strike,\" said Vivek Naik Desai, a comunidade staffer.The workers had been protesting since last Thursday for not being paid their salaries since March 2012. The staff workers were last paid for the month of December (2011), January and February together in April 2012 after the new government sanctioned 20 lakh for the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15428806", "title": "Three ecotourism destinations in Maharashtra pass into safe hands", "text": "PUNE: Tadoba Andhari and Pench tiger reserves, Nagzira wildlife sanctuary in Bhandara district and Bor wildlife sanctuary in Wardha district will be ecotourism destinations managed by the Forest Development Corporation of Maharashtra.The tourism will be ecologically sustainable and benefit the local communities while providing a wildlife experience to target groups of high-end tourists, families and students.Forest Development Corporation's managing director Prakash Thosre told TOI that a memorandum of understanding (MoU) has been signed between the tourism department and Forest Development Corporation of Maharashtra. \"The state government has directed the corporation to undertake ecotourism activities in these destinations,\" said Thosre.The activities will be in consonance with the Union ministry of environment and forests' ecotourism guidelines for protected areas. \"This document gives details on the selection, planning, development, implementation and monitoring of ecotourism in the country,'' he said.The guidelines state that ecotourism can help contribute directly to the protection of wildlife or forest areas, while making the local community stakeholders and owners in the process.\"The destinations were selected as these places already have infrastructure. Tents, huts, cottages, dormitories and nature interpretation centres exist here. They will be taken over and refurbished. We wish to share the revenue with local communities,\" he said.The corporation has appointed staff trained in ecotourism by Bharati Vidyapeeth Institute of Environment Education and Research, Pune recently. It was an orientation programme on ecotourism-related activities, Thosre said.Around 23 forest staff (local forest guards and range forest officer) and newly appointed resort managers were trained on identification of birds, plants, snakes, wild animals, nature trails, concept on biodegradeable, organic food, use of solar power and rainwater harvesting.Erach Bharucha, director of the institute, said that the newly appointed staff were trained on how to manage the sites from an ecological perspective. \"Local people will benefit. There will be a change in tourism now,\" he said.Thosre said that the staff will now work on site-specific plan for their resorts. It will also involve assisting local people by arranging home stays.We want to provide wildlife experience to tourists but it will not be tiger-centric. Other creatures need attention, so we have to make sure that tourists appreciate nature and other creatures too,'' he said.Online bookings will go operational in a month. \"We will get inputs from Wildlife Institute of India and tourism from Uttaranchal for ecotourism. It will be ready by October or November,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15427816", "title": "Change use of land only after studying impact: HC", "text": "HYDERABAD: Justice L Narasimha Reddy of high court on Thursday said that the conversion of agricultural land for non-agricultural purposes should be permitted only after assessing the impact of such a move on the environment, especially water bodies, agriculture, rural employment, etc.This order was passed when a writ petition was filed by N Satyanarayana Raju of Vizianagaram, who complained that local revenue officers were permitting indiscriminate conversion of land despite objections raised by him. The court said that before an agricultural plot is cleared for any other use, the concerned RDO must be satisfied about the necessity of the switch. The judge said that in the name of industry, which may require one or two acres, vast swathes of land of up to 20 to 50 acres cannot be given away.Justice Reddy said that \"since the cessation of the land from agriculture would have its impact upon food security and rural employment, those aspects are also required to be taken into account. The impact of change of land use upon immediate neighbours is another important aspect\".Till specific permission is issued for conversion of agricultural land the non agricultural activity shall be stopped. The judge issued guidelines to the RDO, which is the authority that vets land conversion. The impact of the ayacut on neighboring agricultural lands, potential or necessity for any further expansion of inhabited areas, impact on resources like electricity, water, impact upon environment, and water bodies is to be considered before granting permission.The local bodies, assistant director of agriculture, district manger of industries, officer of the APPCB, shall be consulted before granting permission. The principal secretary revenue department has been directed to communicate the same to all the RDO s in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15428032", "title": "Fake bombs trigger panic in Lucknow court", "text": "LUCKNOW: Four pebbles first covered in a piece of cloth, and then wrapped with jute separately to give it a look of crude bomb in a kettle by miscreants and kept in the civil court compound near district judge's court appeared to be a mischievous attempt to trigger panic in Lucknow on Thursday morning, almost a week before Independence Day.The kettle was first spotted by a safai worker Kamal Kishore along with Anil and Sushil. It was kept beneath the staircase at the district judge's north building. On a close look of the kettle, three persons found some objects wrapped with jute kept in it.Suspecting it to be some bomb-like thing, the three informed assistant nazir Utpal Chatterjee who informed the police. The police rushed to the spot and started investigation into the matter. \"A bomb disposal squad team from the 32{+n}{+d} Battalion of PAC was pressed into service, which uncovered the bomb-like structure, only to find pebbles inside,\" SSP RK Chaturvedi told TOI and added that it looked that some persons wanted to play mischief in the court complex and create panic. The pebbles were wrapped in pieces of clumsy clothes cut from a same piece of cloth probably used by a mechanic, the SSP further added.A case has been registered in the Wazirganj Kotwali and probe ordered. Police have also tightened security around the district courts and the high court premises.The security at the court compound has been reviewed, the SSP further told TOI and added that some Nyayalaya Suraksha Yojna was planned earlier. However, it never got implemented properly. Since, the court will be closed for three days from Friday till Sunday, the plan would be reviewed, upgraded as per the recent requirements and would be implemented, the SSP further confirmed.Till then, directives have been given to the cops on duty not to allow anyone inside the court without proper verification, the officials further added. The police don't want to take any chances especially after serial blasts at the court compounds in Varanasi, Faizabad and Lucknow took place on November 23, 2007. The six powerful serial blasts on November 23 afternoon within a span of 25 minutes had claimed over a dozen lives and had left over three dozen injured.While the explosion at Lucknow left a few injured, three consecutive blasts claimed 11 lives in Varanasi and injured 42 persons. Two successive blasts which occurred in Faizabad killed four people and maimed 15. Later the death toll reached 18. Then there was a bomb scare in 2008, when again some firecracker was exploded in the court compound near a Banyan tree. Similarly, in June, 2009, two blasts took place within a span of a fortnight in the multi-storeyed court complex.Though caused by crude bombs, the blasts were strong enough to trigger panic in the premises by the court staff, lawyers and litigants alike. However, they were not strong enough to wake up the authorities from their slumber at that time.Not only the court compound, but the city has also been vulnerable to terror attacks. On August 15, 2000, a bomb blast near Sahakarita Bhawan, hours before Independence Day celebration generated panic. Fortunately, no one was injured in the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15427580", "title": "PM's resolution on Assam hits BJP wall", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government's attempt to get Parliament to pass a resolution calling for peace in Assam failed to pass muster with BJP insisting that any such statement would have to include a reference to the \"historical\" situation in the state \u2014 the code for illegal immigration.The violence in Assam has split Parliament with BJP demanding action to prevent \"colonization\" of the northeast by illegal immigrants from Bangladesh and \"secular\" parties arguing that communalizing the debate was a misrepresentation of the situation.Although BJP has said it is looking at the violence between Bodos and others as a clash between Indian citizens and \"outsiders\", the government has sought to stress the need to restore peace without dwelling on the claims that illegal settlers were one of the warring parties.Prime Minister Manmohan Singh is understood to have sounded the main Opposition on the possibility of a resolution but did not feel the historical aspects could be addressed or resolved in a hurry. A resolution with no reference to immigration was unacceptable to BJP as a position against illegal immigration is a cornerstone of its politics.BJP sources said the party's Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha leaders were contacted by the government but no agreement was possible on a resolution that could be adopted by both the Houses.BJP was also not in a mood to cooperate with the government as home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde made a less-than-impressive debut in Parliament. The party was keen that focus remains on Shinde who it felt was doing an incompetent job of defending the Centre's case on Assam.Having seen erosion in its Hindu Bengali vote in Assam, BJP sees an opportunity to regain lost ground with the Tarun Gogoi government under fire from not just Bodos and other indigenous communities but also from Muslim outfits who have accused it of inaction.\"The Gogoi government is hand-in-gloves with those who attacked Muslims,\" Assam United Democratic Front leader Badruddin Ajmal said outside the House . He said the number of refugees in camps is much more than what is being admitted to by the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15427611", "title": "Wardha cops probing passport misuse issue", "text": "NAGPUR: Wardha police have initiated an inquiry into the complaint of passport misuse after a Hinganghat resident claimed that the act was perpetrated by the forces indulging in human trafficking and anti-national activities. The probe was started after a prolonged wait as both, police and passport department, were passing the buck on each other.Serious allegations were levelled against a UAE-based Indian by complainant Raju Madewar who formally lodged a complaint with Hinganghat police. Madewar claimed that Jawed Dost Mohammed Ajani had misused the passport of his cousin Raza Haji Hussain Ajani for illegal purposes.Besides this, kin of Jawed also accused him of misusing Raza's passport and sent a letter to this effect to home minister RR Patil and guardian minister Rajendra Mulak.It is learnt that Raza was working with Jawed in Dubai in 2008 but returned afterwards. The so-called misuse took place when Raza sent his passport to Jawed, working in Dubai for two decades, to get his visa cancelled. When returned, the passport had an exit stamp of the UAE immigration. Adding to doubt, there was an SMS alert issued by the UAE immigration about the exit being made by Raza from Dubai to Oman . The SMS alert was generated when Raza was in India.Bringing these unanswered claims to fore, some social workers intervened, claiming that such acts could jeopardize country's security.Superintendent of police, Wardha district, Avinash Kumar added a twist to the issue claiming that the entire episode smacked of internal rivalry within a family with the complaint being made with vested interests. \"We have conducted exhaustive inquiry but nothing suspicious has come to light. The passport had an exit stamp but there was no corresponding entry stamp of the country where the person entered after leaving Dubai. The exit stamp on the passport may have come erroneously,\" he said.Kumar said the SMS alert came to a person who is not the passport holder. \"The passport holder is also not the complainant in the case but is someone else,\" he said. \"We are waiting for more details and the truth would come out in due course of time,\" said Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15429605", "title": "Potato juice can help cure stomach ulcers: Study", "text": "LONDON: Potato contains unique antibacterial molecules that can treat stomach ulcers, a new study has claimed. Scientists from Manchester University have discovered that a key molecule in potato can both cure and prevent the bacteria that lives in the stomach and causes stomach ulcers and heartburn, the Daily Mail reported.Unlike with antibiotics, the stomach bacteria cannot develop resistance to the 'potato juice' which also does not cause any side-effects .Scientists carried out the test on different types of potatoes \u2014 discovering Maris Piper and King Edward varieties worked the best.The process to extract the as yet unnamed molecule has now been patented, with hopes it could one day be sold as a supplement similar to probiotic yoghurt drinks.\"We see this potato juice as a preventative measure to stop stomach ulcers developing that people would take as part of a healthy lifestyle,\" Ian Roberts, professor of microbiology at the Faculty of Life Sciences, who worked on the discovery was quoted by the paper as saying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15431380", "title": "Vineeth says no to remaking Thattathin Marayathu", "text": "Bucking the usual trend of jumping at the first chance to sell a film's remake rights, Vineeth Sreenivasan has chosen to say no those who approached him with the request. The director of the superhit 'Thattathin Marayathu' posted on a social networking site, \" I've been getting offers from certain big producers and big actors in Tamil and Telugu to remake 'Thattathin Marayathu'. But it's difficult to re-do a beautiful dream. So I turned down all the offers.\"However, the actor-director said it would be interesting if someone from another industry re-conceived the film in their own space. \" For me, it' ll be interesting to see another director from another industry re-conceiving my film and place the story and characters in their own space,\" he posted.Vineeth also stated that he had made a lot of friends through the meetings and was happy that they were talking about the happening change in the Malayalam film industry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15427185", "title": "SC notice to Gopal Kanda in 2010 Sirsa rioting case", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Thursday asked former Haryana junior home minister Gopal Kanda, named in an FIR for allegedly abetting 23-year-old Geetika Sharma's suicide, to respond to a petition seeking registration of a case against him for assaulting people protesting against erratic power supply in Sirsa in 2010.A bench of Justices P Sathasivam and Ranjan Gogoi issued notice to Kanda and his brother Govind for allegedly beating up a resident of Sirsa who was merely an onlooker among people protesting against erratic power and water supply to the town on April 3, 2010.Appearing for the petitioner, advocate D K Sharma said on that day, Kanda along with his brother and their security personnel caught hold of petitioner Pradeep Godara, an Indian National Lok Dal activist, and abused and assaulted him.Instead of registering an FIR against the culprits, the police filed false charges against the petitioner for allegedly attacking the police and causing damage to the national flag, Sharma said and alleged that the police went after the petitioner's family members to terrorize him.The counsel said Kanda and his associates had also misbehaved and assaulted income tax officials two years ago when they had raided his Gurgaon residence. \"Kanda and his brother always considered themselves above the law and have often indulged in such illegal show of brutal force to demoralize opponents,\" Sharma alleged.He said the petitioner had filed a writ petition in the Punjab and Haryana High Court five days after the incident seeking probe into the assault but the HC dismissed the petition asking them to approach the trial court. But the Sirsa judicial magistrate had in May 2010 dismissed his complaint. This decision of the trial court was upheld by the HC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15427964", "title": "Apollo for Rs 300-cr investment in Kalamassery", "text": "KOCHI: Apollo Tyres will invest Rs 300 crore in its Kalamassery factory to develop it as an export-oriented unit for industrial tyres, said Onkar Kanwar, chairman of the company.\"The company has already invested Rs 50 crore in the unit as the first stage. I have seen a level of maturity in the workforce this time,\" Kanwar told reporters in Kochi on Wednesday. Apollo has undertaken Project U, a skill upgradation and job placement programme, for youth and women in the vicinity of its manufacturing units.\"We have trained 400 people so far and this is part of our corporate social responsibility (CSR) initiatives,\" Kanwar said.Under this programme, young women are taught computer skills, bouquet making and flower arrangement, and catering services.The company is also planning to develop rubber plantations to meet the shortage of natural rubber, the major raw material of the company. Apollo is scouting for plantations in South East Asia and Africa and looking for acquisitions in Eastern Europe, especially Poland .Net profit of Apollo Tyres grew by 79% to Rs 138 crore in the first quarter of the financial year 2012 - 2013, from Rs 77 crore in the corresponding year-ago quarter. Sales were up by 12% at Rs 3,165 crore.\"In India, Apollo has established a clear leadership in the growing truck-bus radial tyres, registering a growth of 60% in the quarter, while in South Africa, passenger vehicle tyre sales moved higher by 32%. European operations, even in a slowdown situation, continued to maintain top line growth and profitability, expanded by close to 50%,\" the company officials said.The company's annual general meeting has approved an annual dividend payout of 50% per share for the year ended March 31, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15429846", "title": "Cooking gas, petrol, grains may get costlier", "text": "PUNE: Be ready to pay more for your cooking gas cylinder, petrol, grains, pulses, cigarettes and even your after-hours 'chhota' .The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) has proposed to amend its octroi rules to increase the maximum limit on its levy on various commodities. An LPG cylinder, on which octroi is not levied at present, could become dearer by Rs 25 if the maximum 6% hike in octroi for the commodity gets the nod. A cylinder presently retails at around Rs 415.Petrol could be costlier by Rs 3 per litre and diesel by Rs 1.80. For the first time, grains and pulses may attract octroi. The levy that could be applicable is, however, marginal \u2014 30 paise for 10kg of grains and 70 paise for a similar quantity of pulses.A pack of 10 mild cigarettes, which costs around Rs 50, could go up by Rs 8 if the maximum octroi of 16% is levied. The octroi will be applicable to cigarettes, cigars and pipe tobacco.The hike will be even stiffer for liquor. A bottle of Indian Made Foreign Liquor ( IMFL), which retails at Rs 600 on an average, could be costlier by Rs 96 if the maximum octroi is charged.The PMC's octroi proposal has been tabled before the civic body's law committee. The proposal will then go before the general body and the state government will take a final call on the issue .\"We are already imposing maximum octroi on some commodities like liquor,\" PMC octroi department chief Vilas Kanade told TOI. \"However, charging more octroi on commodities like liquor were discussed at various levels in the PMC. If we have to charge more octroi than the current limit, we will first have to set a new maximum limit.\"Liquor and cigarettes presently attract 8 per cent octroi and the new limit proposed iules then.The PMC earned a whopping Rs 19.52 crore by way of octroi from the sale of cigarettes this year as compared to Rs 17.84 crore last year. It earned around Rs 20 crore from the sale of liquor last year.Even tea and coffee powder could become costlier if the octroi proposal goes through. Presently, 4% octroi is charged on these two commodities. The octroi on fruits, coconuts, oil and ghee has been proposed at 0.8% from the present 0.5%.The price of metals, particularly gold, could also see an increase. The octroi on gold, which is presently 0.35%, has been proposed at 3%. Metals like copper and brass could attract 15% octroi as against the present 8%.In an attempt to provide some relief to citizens from sky-rocketing prices, the PMC general body in 2008 had waived off octroi on essential commodities, including foodgrains and cooking gas. The decision was taken unanimously by all parties while approving the octroi reforms and rules then.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15428192", "title": "Govt set to turn Kanshiram hospital into medical university", "text": "LUCKNOW: The state government has moved a step closer to convert BSP chief Mayawati's dream project, Manyavar Kanshiram Super Speciality hospital in Greater Noida, into a medical institution. The state medical education department on Thursday issued an order preparing a formal proposal for the Medical Council of India (MCI). \"We have decided to develop the hospital complex into a state-of-the-art medical university,\" said principal secretary, medical education, JP Sharma.Sources said the decision was taken after assurance from the Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad who met the chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Wednesday. Regarding the issues of autonomy and other modalities on services and intake of students, Sharma said, \"All this would be announced soon.\" A team of officers at the medical education directorate has been asked to prepare a proposal to this effect for the MCI.As per the plans, the hospital complex will be linked to a medical education building for housing a multi-disciplinary medical university with graduate, postgraduate and post-doctoral research facilities. The proposal being prepared for the MCI would keep in mind 100 students in MBBS course while the number of postgraduate seats is yet to be decided. Sources said there is ample space for construction of lecture-theatre rooms, student hostels and academic infrastructure. \"The hospital is constructed on an estimated area of 50 acres (48,850 square metres) and a minimum of five acres of land is essential to build a medical college. The area of medical college includes hospital complex as well,\" said sources.Citing the hospital's blueprint, officials at the medical education directorate said it would have more than 16 departments like pulmonary, endocrinology, diabetic, neurology, nephrology, skin allergy, psychiatry, cardiology, ophthalmology, orthopedics , etc. To cater to the surgical needs of the patients, 16 modular operation theatres and eight intensive care units would be built. Considering its strategic location, near National Highway 91, a trauma centre has also been approved for the hospital. According to officials, the hospitals would have all world class equipment which are being imported from abroad.On the reason behind converting the hospital into a medical institution, officials maintained that there is an acute shortage of medical education centres in the state. \"As per the Indian Public Health Standards (IPHS), a medical college should be set up over a population of 50 lakh. Considering UP's present population of 19.96 crore, the state should have 40 medical colleges. Against this, there are just 25 medical colleges in the state. Of those working, only 11 are in the government sector,\" said an officer.Along with this, the medical education directorate has been asked to initiate necessary proceedings for MCI inspection for three other medical college projects in Saharanpur, Azamgarh and Jalaun. Plans are afoot to upgrade several medical colleges in UP. In fact, the Moti Lal Nehru Medical College in Allahabad is to be developed into a super-specialty hospital having infrastructure and facilities at par with the All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS).Director general, medical education, Dr Saudan Singh said plans would soon materialise into reality. \"The Government of India has already sanctioned Rs 125 crore for the medical college in Allahabad while the state government has earmarked its share of Rs 25 crore for the same. The blueprint is ready and upgradation work would begin very soon,\" he said, adding that talks for medical colleges in Jhansi and Gorakhpur are also underway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15427807", "title": "Baba Ramdev eyes Team Anna's space, takes Delhi by storm", "text": "NEW DELHI: Returning to the grounds he fled from after a midnight crackdown a little over a year ago, yoga guru Baba Ramdev on Thursday stepped into the breach created by the dissolution of Team Anna and set out a transparency agenda for the government that includes a Lokpal.Taking up Team Anna's demands, while eschewing the activists' bellicose language, Ramdev asked the government to legislate a strong anti-corruption ombudsman, set up an independent appointment process for the CBI chief, election commissioners, CVC and CAG and ensure the return of black money.Although he did not hold a threat to the government, Ramdev said he was beginning a three-day fast by the end of which he expected the government to accede to his demands.Perhaps emboldened with Team Anna caving in, the government seemed in a dismissive mood with law minister Salman Khurshid likening Ramdev's show at Ramlila grounds to the annual ramlila itself.But the government will need to keep an eye on the baba as large crowds turned up, confirming the guru's popular pull that is definitely much more substantial than the modest turnouts at Jantar Mantar for Team Anna. If his show over the Janmasthami holiday and the weekend gathers strength, the baba might well hike the stakes.Unlike his confrontationist stance last June, Ramdev appeared willing for a dialogue with political leaders\u2014although memories of his undignified retreat can hardly have faded\u2014and evinced a distaste for bad-mouthing parties while he seemed to have saved some of his choicest barbs for Team Anna.Returning to Delhi's Ramlila Maidan he had sought to slip out of in a woman's salwar dress, Ramdev signalled his intent to occupy the Team Anna space. Taking a dig at the activists, some of whom made no secret of their antipathy towards him, Ramdev said, \"People have given up their fight for lokpal. I say that the fight for lokpal will soon be over.\"In what seems to be an allusion to Team Anna, the yoga guru said : \"....koi dokha ya vishwasghaat nahi hoga (there will be no betrayal).\" And then he added that, \"I will never take up a political position...I don't want to be PM\", which seems a comment on the plans of some Annaites to contest elections.Ramdev expressed support for Anna Hazare and Gandhian's \"social agenda\" but chose to distance himself from the \"name and shame\" strategy adopted by the activists who have accused several ministers of corruption.\"We are not against any political party. Nor do we have a political agenda. We want to make India a great nation and not to overthrow anyone,\" he said inviting erstwhile Team Anna members Kiran Bedi and Justice Santosh Hegde to join his protest. Ramdev's comments assume significance as they come days after Hazare called off his fast and disbanded his team to ready themselves for a political plunge.Welcoming Ramdev's agitation, Bedi tweeted that, \"Baba must not go by any assurances. Past record show none of them were honoured. Be it PM's letter or unanimous resolution of Parliament.\"Thousands of ardent followers and supporters thronging the protest venue witnessed Ramdev take them through a number-crunching exercise that no one could possibly vouch for. He claimed Rs 20,000 lakh crore of India's natural resource was being looted. Explaining this in an earthy fashion Ramdev said, \"Agar Rs 500 ki gaddi yahan se chand tak ek siddi ki tarah bana do aur wapis, to Rs 20,000 lakh crore bante hain (If you line up Rs 500 notes to the moon and back, it would amount to Rs 20,000 lakh crore).\" He added that the country's resources were being lost to illegal mining.Responding to union minister Harish Rawat's statement that the government was willing to talk, Ramdev named Congress leaders Sonia Gandhi and Rahul Gandhi saying he too was open to dialogue.Baba also sought to clarify his position on his controversial sharing of a dais with Gujarat CM Narendra Modi. He said he did not go to a function organized by the senior BJP leader. \"I was invited by a Jain priest,\" he said about the meeting also adding that he was deeply influenced by three leaders from Gujarat\u2014Maharishi Dayanand Saraswati, Mahatma Gandhi and Sardar Vallabhai Patel.The protest began on a controversial note after a poster showing Ramdev's close aide Balakrishna alongside Mahatma Gandhi and other freedom fighters triggered a storm following which the yoga guru expressed regret while organizers removed it from scene.The mode of the protest was not clear till Ramdev took his supporters by surprise, announcing that he would go on a fast for three days for his demands. \"There will be no fast-unto-death. We will go without food and water for three days. I am warning the government to take a decision on government within three days. After three days, let them (government) tell us what they are going to do. If they don't, then we will announce the next course of action. If they cannot understand the voice of peace, then may be we have to make them listen to the voice of revolution but without violence,\" he said.The Congress chose to continue the 'wait and watch' strategy it had adopted with Team Anna. Union law minister Salman Khurshid dismissed the agitation as an annual phenomena like \"Ramlila\" itself, while the BJP expressed its support for Baba's black money campaign saying the issue had first been raised by leader L K Advani .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15432861", "title": "Vietnam delegation appreciates state's governance model", "text": "MUMBAI: A delegation of the People's Council of Hanoi in Vietnam, who are in the city, appreciated the decentralized governance system.The delegation, led by the speaker Nago Thi Duan Then, visited the Vidhan Bhavan on Thursday. Principal secretary of the state legislature Anant Kalse briefed them on the election system at various levels in the state administration. He also briefed them on the functioning of the legislature and the governance model.The delegation is visiting the city with an aim at improving economic and social ties with the country's financial nerve. \"Other nations and cities could learn from this election set up and decentralised governance system,\" Then said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15428534", "title": "GPSC to encourage youth to attempt national competitive exams", "text": "PANAJI: To encourage more youth to attempt national competitive exams, the Goa Public Service Commission (GPSC) will be reaching out to colleges and also approaching the state government over setting up of a coaching centre for Goan youth to train them for national competitive exams. Addressing mediapersons on the eve of the GPSC silver jubilee celebrations, Prakash Desai, chairman of GPSC, said the commission plans to go to colleges and encourage youth to attempt the IAS and IPS.Desai said that today, about 10-15 Goan students succeed at the IIT exams, but he wants at least two-three Goan candidates to be successful at the UPSC exams. He said GPSC will accept applications online from now onwards.Desai said topics like MBA and biotechnology are not included in the recruitment rules and this needed to change as it was a matter of concern that \"diploma holders were being appointed HODs and Class XII pass candidates as undersecretaries\". \"Where are we heading?\" he asked. On the demand for a separate Goa cadre, Desai said, \"My boys are quite capable and can manage administration. I don't agree that if you crack IAS you are superhuman.\"I am of the opinion that a civil service officer should be promoted to a higher level, he added. He observed that the GPSC was finding it difficult to find SC, ST and OBC candidates. \"Priority has to be given for education (of these communities),\" he said.He said recruitments to all professional colleges are done by the GPSC. \"The government of the day is free to accept or reject the recommendations,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15429138", "title": "'Sick' BCCL to apply for Miniratna status", "text": "RANCHI: Recovering from its three-year-old sick status, the Bharat Cocking coal Limited (BCCL) has urged the Board of Industrial and Financial reconstruction (BIFR) to remove its 'sick' tag and allow it to apply for Miniratna status. The cumulative profit of the company has been Rs 3,500 crore in the past three years and it has recorded marginal profit after waival of Rs 2,923 crore by Coal India Limited. Given the present financial status of the company, BCCL CMD TK Lahiry has written to the BIFR chairman to declare it out of sick status from August 1, 2012 and allow it to submit a proposal for getting Miniratna status (category-1). The company recorded profit of Rs794 crore, Rs 1,094 crore and Rs 822 crore respectively for the years 2009-10, 2010-11 and 2011-12.Giving credit to team work by BCCL families, Lahiry also congratulated company officials for implementation of strategic long term plan, high capacity under ground mining and new washeries that played important role in achieving the target.The company has been concerned about corporate social responsibility in one such issue waste water locked in underground mines is being gainfully used through pipelines and stored in reservoirs. A scheme is under execution by which approximately 47 MG (million gallon) surplus mine water from the areas of Barora, Block-II and Govindpur are being stored having capacity of 16 MG and 31 MG reservoirs situated near Behrakudar &amp; Khonathi villages of Baghmara Block of Dhanbad district. With this scheme of BCCL, the villagers residing nearby and having cultivation fields at reasonable proximity will be benefited.The company has also taken up ecological restoration under the expert guidance of Forest Research Institute, Dehradun and Delhi University. BCCL is also formulating specific CSR action plan for the peripherals with assistance of TATA Institute of Social Sciences (TISS) Mumbai. It has also initiated sustainable development in the field of rain water harvesting, ecological restoration, sewage treatment plant, oil &amp; grease traps etc. Total budget provision for this purpose is around Rs 2.36 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15427173", "title": "Birthday party ends in horror", "text": "MUMBAI: On Tuesday, Jonathan Ujjainwal celebrated his 23rd birthday and barely a day later, he passed away, falling victim to Mumbai's treacherous roads. Around midnight, Jonathan and Kunal Ullalkar left Palatial Heights at Chandivali on a bike to bring back some food for a small group of friends. A few minute later, their life was cut short. They were flung off their bike after it got stuck in a crumbling utility duct cover and they hit a parked a dumper on the side of the road.Johathan Ujjainwal, an NRI from Qatar , had flown down to the city on Sunday to celebrate his birthday with his friends and family. Two of his friends had rented the Chandivali flat for a tiny get-together to celebrate his birthday.Kunal Ullalkar, a 21-year-old environmentalist, accompanied Valentine Xavier to Johathan's party. This was the first time the victims met each other. At midnight, Kunal volunteered to ride to a nearby restaurant. \"Since it was his birthday, Johathan insisted that he go along to foot the bill. They left around 12am. When they did not return till 1am, I called Kunal on his cellphone but there was no answer. Later, the police called back on the number and told us what had happened,\" said Valentine Xavier.The victims' families are in shock. \"I called my son around 2am but a police officer answered his phone and asked me to come to Rajawadi Hospital as my son had got injured in an accident. I was asked to identify the body once I reached the hospital,\" said Kiran Ulalkar, Kunal's father.Kunal's friends describe him as a nature lover who would not think twice before rescuing any animal. \"No matter what the time, Kunal was always ready to go and help any animal in need. He worked extensively with wildlife and helped rehabilitate snakes, birds and other animals,\" said Mandy Ferreira, a close friend.Meanwhile, Saki Naka Police are still investigating the case, a senior police official told TOI. \"The driver of the dumper has been booked for negligence and a violation of safety norms, as they were not permitted to park in that area. Thought it is likely to be a accidental death the investigation is still ongoing.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "15428253", "title": "Gujarat International Finance Tec-city project rudderless: Top babus", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Chief minister Narendra Modi's dream project Gujarat International Finance Tec-city (GIFT) came under heavy criticism at a high-level secretaries' meeting with some of the senior-most IAS bureaucrats telling GIFT director R K Jha that GIFT's priorities have all gone \"awry.\"Jha was summoned to the secretaries meeting presided over by Gujarat chief secretary A K Joti on Tuesday to make a presentation on how GIFT, which is a joint project of the International Leasing &amp; Financial Services (IL&FS;) and the state government, would shape up in future.It all began soon after the Gujarat Electricity Regulatory Commission (GERC), the powerful authority which decides on the power tariff of different segments of consumers, decided to shift its office to the new GIFT site, situated on a 700 acres land across Sabarmati, about six kilometers from the state capital. An agreement has been finalized to sell GERC a 29,000 sq-feet floor space on the sixth floor of one of the two 29-storey towers currently under construction. Jha said that negotiations are in final stages with Dena Bank and State Bank of India to buy office space.\"There is a huge gap between what GIFT was visualized and what you are presenting it to us. Do you want GIFT to be a conglomerate of different types of offices? What would GERC do there? And, why do you want nationalized banks to open offices when it should be a hub for metal trading, stock trading, hedging and private sector insurance and banking?,\" one official asked Jha in the meeting.About half-a-dozen top bureaucrats, including additional chief secretary (ACS) planning Varun Maira, ACS home and general administration Varesh Sinha, principal secretary, forests and environment, S K Nanda, principal secretary, energy and petrochemicals, D Jagatheesa Pandian, asked the GIFT director to work out priorities.An official told Jha, \"You seem to have come here to sell GIFT the government-run corporations. First the PSUs were asked to contribute their corporate social responsibility funds for the world's proposed tallest building, Sardar Statue, overlooking the Narmada dam. Then it was the turn of Metro-link Express for Gandhinagar and Ahmedabad to demand money from PSUs. Now it is GIFT which wants PSUs to buy up office space. What's going on? When will everyone stop pulling PSUs in different directions like this?\"The babus were also unimpressed when the presentation - which had the approval of former chief secretary and current GIFT chairman Sudhir Mankad - said that the height of the buildings in GIFT will reach up to 150 storeys when the international airport is shifted from Ahmedabad to Dholera, about 100 kilometres away. \"You can't talk in just ifs and buts,\" said one official. On the issue of having a huge exhibition complex in GIFT, a second official wondered if this is its core activity.On the issue of having call centres and IT firms in GIFT, another official said, \"What the difference between GIFT and the Infocity?\" Chief secretary Joti summed up by asking Jha to look into the critical issues raised by the state babudom before proceeding ahead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "15427216", "title": "Thane, Kalyan on alert", "text": "THANE: Thane and its cluster cities of Kalyan-Dombivli, Bhiwandi and Ulhasnagar will be on heightened alert over the weekend following apprehensions of a law and order situation due to political tensions in this year's dahi-handi. The regular police force will be assisted by 400 home guards and three companies of SRPF jawans to ensure that the over 400 celebrations across Thane police commissionerate area pass off smoothly. Almost all dahi-handi festivities here are linked to political parties and given the recent animosity between the NCP and the Shiv Sena in Thane and Kalyan-Dombivli the police are prepared for any eventuality. Though the police higher-ups have urged the leaders of all political parties and the organisers of these events to desist from a confrontation, the force is prepared to deal with any situations on the streets.The Sena ranks in Kalyan-Dombvili, who showed signs of a confrontation with the NCP cadre over hosting the dahi-handi at Bhagshala grounds, are already in a celebration mood after the authorities on Thursday denied permission to rebel Sena MP Anand Paranajpe to host the dahi-handi there. The Sena rank and file had opposed Paranajape, who has now shifted loyalties to NCP, and demanded permission to host their dahi-handi on the same ground simultaneously.After a hectic parleys, the authorities refused permission to either of the political parites, giving the Sena cadre a certain sense of satisfaction of having toppled Paranajape's grand plans to host Rs 21 lakh dahi-handi.In Thane city, the crowd-puller dahi-handi events at Panchpakhadi, Vartak Nagar and at Tembi Naka will draw thousands of people as on-spot cash prizes running into several lakhs of rupees have been promised to the mandals who successfully construct human pyramids.The other big concern for the law and order machinery is the Id celebrations scheduled next week. With a sizeable population of minority community members in Thane city, Mumbra, Bhiwandi and Kalyan the city police are walking a tight rope. In fact, senior police officials said everything else will be pushed behind and the only priority is to ensure that there is no street violence or any communal flare-up in the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15429848", "title": "'The roof of our house was blown away\u2019", "text": "MYSORE: He was a four-year-old boy looking forward to great things, but his life was shattered when a 9,700-pound nuclear bomb, that changed the world forever, struck Japan in 1945. Hiroo Iso, one of the survivors of the atom bomb attack from Japan, shared his experience in a Hiroshima-Nagasaki Day and inauguration of the 150th birth anniversary of Swami Vivekananda. University of Mysore in association with International Association for Religious Freedom (IARF)-South Asia coordinating council-IARF-India chapter organized the event.Sharing his experiences during and after the Second World War, he says:``We were a family of five. I was four, my sister was 12 years old and younger brother was one year old. My father had left for work (in a factory).My sister instead of going to school went to work in the munitions factory near Hiroshima. ``My brother, mother and I were at home when an airplane came around 8.15am, dropped a new type of bomb. For a moment after a flash and blast, I could not see anything. The roof of the house was blown away, window panes were broken.``My mother took us to a nearby air-raid shelter. While my father returned home late in the night, my sister went missing. After a thorough search, she was found in a hospital on the fourth day.``As my father's factory was destroyed in a bomb blast, he decided to go back to his native town Tajima in Seto Inland sea. However, we had to bear the effects of the bomb: my mother got cancer and was hospitalized for more than ten years. She passed after a long battle and we cremated her body. But her cancer part remained a black lump although we tried to burn it several times. \"I am 71 years old now and have developed thyroid problems, which the doctor says is the after-effects of radiation. My sister had four children. They all suffered from thyroid cancer and died despite surgery. My children are fine, but I am worried about my grandchildren. Hope they will be insulated from the radiation impact as this is genetically carried forward.''Hiroo has also travelled in this Peace Boat to 23 countries, including Vietnam, Egypt, Turkey and Panama. \"I wish and pray for a peaceful and nuclear-free world by 2020. That will help save mankind,\" is Hiroo's message to the world. Thomas Mathew, chairman, IARF, South Asia co-coordinating council, said that Japanese survivors of Nagasaki and Hiroshima do not wish to travel outside their country. Japanese are scared to move as death may strike them at anytime and wish their souls rest in the country..", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15426851", "title": "CBI starts probe into lower Assam violence", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI started probe on Thursday into the lower Assam violence and met the state chief secretary and senior police officials. Agency officials said that the meeting was held to get a sense of the present situation on the ground and cases registered so far. It will file fresh cases after obtaining the files from the Assam Police and then visit the affected areas with teams of experts.Assam CM Tarun Gogoi had ordered a CBI probe into the ethnic violence to unearth the conspiracy behind the riots.The probe has been handed over to the Special Crimes Zone, which is based in New Delhi, by the CBI's top brass. The SC Zone officials will look at the information gathered so far by the Assam Police, visit the affected areas to gather evidence and work on its source information to find out about the role of organized hand behind the riots.CBI has a huge task at hand as close to 310 cases have been registered by the Assam Police and several teams need would be created by the agency to conduct the probe. It will also take the help of local police during investigations.More than 70 people have died in the ethnic clashes between tribal Bodos and Muslims in the four districts. On complaints that Bangladeshi migrants were in relief camps, Gogoi had said two days ago, \"We have got reports that people from other states and areas near Bodoland Territorial Areas District (BTAD) are illegally taking shelter in the camps. Their antecedents will be checked and we will not allow rehabilitation of outsiders. Only genuine Indian citizens will be rehabilitated.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15428877", "title": "Sri Sri visits riot victims in Chirang, Kokrajhar districts", "text": "GUWAHATI: Spiritual leader and founder of Art of Living Sri Sri Ravishankar urged all political parties to leave their vote bank politics behind and approach the ongoing ethnic clashes in western Assam from a humanitarian angle.The spiritual Guru, who toured the affected areas of Chirang and Kokrajhar districts, visited the relief camps to take stock of the situation and also distributed relief materials and interacted with the victims of the ethnic strife; he listened to their woes and also consoled them.\"I request all political parties to leave their vote bank politics behind and ask them to approach the problem from a humanitarian angle. The camps are in a very bad condition and the situation of the people here can be compared to that of Kashmiri Pandits. The violence that affected western Assam is a black spot on the country and we have to assure that such incidents do not take place again,\" said Sri Sri Ravishankar.The spiritual leader visited a relief camp for Bodo victims at Kajalgaon High School in Chirang district, where he addressed a large gathering of the Bodo inmates. He also visited a Muslim relief camp at Basugaon in Kokrajhar district where he enquired about their safety and listened to their grievances. In Kokrajhar, he visited the Vidyapeeth High School relief camp and interacted with the riot-hit victims. He distributed relief materials such as clothes, baby food and also took Ayurvedic doctors to provide the victims in the relief camps holistic health care.The spiritual icon also met the representatives of the All Bodo Students' Union (ABSU), Bodo People's Front (BPF) and held discussions with academicians from Kokrajhar University to find ways and means to end the long-standing conflict and find a long-term solution to the problem. The representatives of ABSU also submitted a memorandum to the spiritual icon.At a meeting with members of the All Bodo Minority Students' Union (ABMSU), he urged them to work towards peaceful co-existence of all communities in the region. \"The migrants have to live with the rest of the population in an amiable manner and the indigenous people have to understand that some of the migrants were born here 30 years ago. This has become their land as well,\" added the Guru.The leader urged the government to tackle the problem of illegal influx and focus on the country rather than politics. \"The trust between the two communities must be restored and the wounds need to be healed. The government cannot cover all of this. It is through spiritual and cultural feasibilities that peace and trust can be brought about,\" he added", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "15427690", "title": "Protestors damage Ramkey pipeline", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: About hundred agitators allegedly belonging to Congress and YSR CP damaged a waste water pipeline belonging to Ramkey Pharma City near NTPC Simhadri here on Thursday. The agitators demanded 500 jobs to the fishermen owing allegiance to Congress and YSR CP. The former TDP minister Bandaru Satyanarayana Murthy had observed an indefinite hunger strike for the shifting of Tadi village, the most effected village of Ramkey pharma pollution, and employment for the Mutyalammapalem fishermen, who allegedly lost the livelihood due to increasing pollution in the sea waters with the effluents let out by the pharma companies. The pharma management has assured jobs. But the other parties thought that the assured jobs would be given to only TDP sympathizers among the fishermen. So the Congress and YSR CP sympathizers in the fishing community have started their agitation for their share of jobs.Tension mounted at NTPC when the agitators dug up the area at Vada Cheepurpalli and damaged the waste water pipeline of the Pharma SEZ on Thursday. They tried to damage the pipeline at another location near NTPC Simhadri main gate. They dug up the earth in the presence of large police force, who were mute spectators since morning to night. The attempts to destroy the pipeline by the agitators wwere stopped by the Pendurthy MLA Panchakarla Ramesh Babu and the former Parawada MLA and YSR CP leader Gandi Babji. They spoke to the agitators and assured them that they would get the jobs for them.The Pendurty MLA assured them that he would get a positive response from the pharma management within 48 hours and requested the agitators not to damage the property. The MLA told reporters that their demand was genuine. Because the TDP sympathizers had celebrated that they got 500 jobs assured by the pharma management during the hunger strike. If the management has assured the jobs for the entire village, then there was no problem in it. But the TDP workers celebrations have caused doubts among the others, the MLA said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15426778", "title": "Indian Council of Medical Research focus on kidney ailments in Cuttack", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) will conduct a study to find out the causes behind high incidence of kidney diseases in particular pockets of Cuttack district in Odisha. \"ICMR has recently approved the three-year project to find out the causes. The study will commence soon,\" ICMR director general Dr V M Katoch said.Preliminary study by ICMR institutions, Regional Medical Research Centre (RMRC) in Bhubaneswar and National Institute of Nutrition at Hyderabad, suggests that blood samples of people in Narsinghpur area of Cuttack contained high level of mercury. Though it is suspected by the scientists that mercury, which poisons blood, may be damaging the kidney, there is no study to substantiate it. \"We will study with an open mind whether mercury alone or anything else was behind the kidney diseases,\" Dr Katoch said.Though blood samples of the local people in the area contained mercury, the drinking water samples don't have the heavy metal in it. \"The study will also trace how mercury came to their blood,\" he said. RMRC director SK Kar said the institute had already contacted the Cuttack district administration to hold a meeting of various stakeholders such as the Pollution Control Board and industries in the area to trace how mercury was making an inroad into people's blood. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15427635", "title": "Mihan oustees get Rs1.5cr per ha relief", "text": "NAGPUR: The district collectorate has begun disbursal of compensation to oustees from Jaitala-Bhamti villages whose over 133 hectares of land is being taken over for Mihan project. They have been offered a price of Rs1.5 crore per hectare which is said to be the highest ever rate offered for land acquisition by the state government.Orders have been issued for providing 80% advance compensation to those who have agreed to the offer and joint measurement of their land has been done. However, Congress corporator Praful Gudadhe, who is leading an agitation against the acquisition, claimed that almost 90% of residents from his village Jaitala have refrained from accepting money.According to a press release issued by the district collectorate, formal approvals for taking over around 38 hectares have been received from oustees in two villages. This comes to around 43 households, said a source in Maharashtra Airport Development Company (MADC).Among the first to receive the amount were BJP leader Vijay Raut and another resident Haribhau Gudadhe. They received cheques at the hands of district collector Saurabh Rao.Raut, a close aide of MLA Devendera Fadnavis, was leading an agitation against acquisition. Raut told TOI that he accepted money as his demands for a higher rate had been met with.The process of paying cash compensation under the new terms of package to residents of Shivangaon village has also begun.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15427819", "title": "Rotary's group study exchange programme", "text": "NAGPUR: The Rotary Foundation has invited applications for the group study exchange programme (GSE) for men and women between the age group of 25-40.Teams of four members each will be selected for the four-week cultural-cum-vocational exchange. They would visit two different Rotary districts of America. The selected candidates will be sponsored by the Rotary.The applicants cannot be lineal relatives or employed by Rotarians and will require at least two years of job experience and be currently employed. The applicants will have to undergo a written test on general knowledge before being tested on the parameters like public speaking, presentation skills, group discussion and personal interview.Application forms can be downloaded from www.rotary.org or any of the 17 city Rotary clubs and submitted before September 17.The first selected team will be going to RID 5520 spread across New Mexico and West Texas from April 8 to May 6. The other will be visiting RID 7810 spread over US and Canada from May 4 to June 1. The selected candidates will stay at the residence of Rotarian families.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15428234", "title": "District judge issues advisories on security, seek support of bar associations", "text": "LUCKNOW: The district and sessions judge KK Sharma issued eight advisories for the safety and security of the civil court campus and sought co-operation from the bar associations. Sharma said that from now onwards there will be only four gates for entry and exit. Security personnel will be present at each gate. No unauthorised person will be allowed to enter the campus. Besides, no vendors will be allowed to sell things inside the premises. He has directed the civil court administration to make random checking and take strict action against erring vendors. Judge Sharma also expected the bar associations to co-operate in connection with the entry of litigants and said that bar associations will keep a check that litigants with appropriate passes are only allowed the entry.The central bar association, on Thursday, boycotted work to protest against the lack of security mechanisms in the court premises. The office-bearers of the association also met the DM and the SSP to apprise them of the lack of security. On the other hand, GN Shukla, general secretary, Lucknow Bar Association said that district administration should make serious efforts to ensure safety of the court premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "15426746", "title": "Maharshi Dayanand University dress code diktat enrages students", "text": "ROHTAK: Commerce students of Maharshi Dayanand University are angry over the diktat by their head of department (HoD) against wearing jeans and tops. Girl students also accused the acting HoD, Mahender Singh Malik, of improper behaviour and using vulgar language. The aggrieved students on Thursday submitted a written complaint to the vice-chancellor demanding action. Malik, clad in a kurta pyjama, clarified that he wanted students not to wear \"obscene-looking dresses\" and thus \"advised them as a guardian\".He had taken over the charge of the department on Wednesday and reportedly directed students to wear full-sleeved salwar kameej only. A student group said: \"Immediately after taking over, he started moral policing issuing verbal orders against wearing jeans, tops for girls.\" A second-year girl student alleged that as the chairman of admission committee, he refused to sign her admission form when she appeared before him wearing jeans and shirt on August 1, but admitted her the next day when she came dressed in salwar kameej.In the written complaint, 94 students have alleged: \"He uses vulgar language in front of girl students, smokes in the department in the presence of students and puts unnecessary restrictions on girls.\" \"The vice-chancellor has assured the girls of appropriate action,\" said registrar S P Vats, adding that there was no ban on wearing any kind of dress including jeans and tops in the university. The registrar, however, clarified that some department like engineering, management and hotel management had a dress code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15427699", "title": "Independence Day alert puts cops on toes", "text": "NAGPUR: City police are on high alert after state and central intelligence machinery alerted them about a possible attack around Independence Day. City police chief Ankush Dhanvijay has planned a security cover extending till Eid later this month following the alert.The alert claims underground modules of Indian Mujahideen (IM) may attempt to trigger blasts to avenge the murder of Mohammed Qateel Siddiqui, who was strangled to death in the Yerawada central jail at Pune in June last year. Revenge for Siddiqui's murder is also thought to be behind the low-intensity blasts in Pune last week.Siddiqui was considered close to IM mastermind Yaseen Bhatkal, one of the most wanted men for terror activities in India. Intelligence agencies also feel that disruptive elements may also try to vent their anger against the arrest of Abu Jundal, alias Zaibuddin Ansari, deported by Saudi Arabia , for his alleged role in 26/11.Dhanvijay said city police were already on alert since the serial Pune blasts. \"All precautionary measures were planned immediately after the Pune incident. We are keeping a close vigil, with all our men being put on the job. We are taking utmost care,\" said the top cop.Additional security arrangements and tighter checking would be the rule during I-Day celebrations in the city. Dhanvijay also said instructions have been issued for random checks on roads and at certain places.Sources in the police department said the intelligence machinery is already working round the clock as the Muslim holy month of Ramzan is underway. Security agencies feel hardliner groups may strike in this sensitive period to create a bigger impact.Security agencies like Maharashtra state Anti-Terrorist Squad (ATS) in the city too have stepped up vigilance activities in sensitive pockets in coordination with intelligence machinery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "15428996", "title": "Students from Japan's Kobe city visit Dhanbad school", "text": "DHANBAD:A team of 35 students from the Japanese city of Kobe visited De Nobili School at Digwadih here on Thursday. The students were led by their principal, Father Mike Aaakamatasu.According to the school sources, keeping the collaboration and tie-up with the Damien Social Welfare Centre (Govindpur) on the outskirts of Dhanbad and its Nirmala Hospital, around 35 students from Classes IX to XII of Rokko Gakuin High School in Kobe visited the Dhanbad school.The visiting principal said this was the first visit to India for most of the students. \"Since we arrived in India, we have been amazed with whatever we have seen here in India. We have a mission given by our school. All the students of Rokko High School are very concerned about Indian people, especially children whose parents are suffering from Hansen disease, at Damien Social Welfare Centre in Dhanbad,\" Father Mike Aaakamatasu said.He further said: \"As Japan received support from foreign nations when we developed our country, now we like to help other people in their time of need. Every student of Rokko Gakuin High School shares his monthly allowance and offer donation every month. Photographs of DSWC boys are hung on the walls of our classrooms. We call them one more class of our school. We are willing to do whatever we can for them. Our mission this time is to visit DSWC, De Nobili School, St. John De Britto School (Gomoh) and deepen the friendship between us.\"Addressing the students Fr Aaakamatasu said: \"I think that you have been giving us more that we have been giving you. You have widened our narrow perspective and reminded us that it is very important in life. We have forgotten this as our society has become affluent.\"The visiting principal said India was very different from Japan historically and culturally.One of the students, Shinno Suke Hayashida, said Kobe was famous for its port, Rokko Mountain, fresh water and foreign resident districts. Hayashida also said his school in Kobe would develop friendship with Indian students.During their interaction with the local students, the Japanese delegation participated in singing, gaggling and also played soccer and basketball. They also attended the mathematics, biology and English classes. The exposure programme is an effort to know the young people of India, share their knowledge and appreciate the culture and beauty of India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15426601", "title": "Opposition leader casts doubt on info panel selection", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Leader of opposition Bhupinder Singh has accused the Naveen Patnaik government of not maintaining transparency in the selection process for the state information commission. This came to light after Singh shot off two letters of protest to the CM recently.As per provision, a three-member panel comprising the chief minister, the leader of opposition and the parliamentary affairs minister is empowered to recommend names for appointment to the commission. Singh himself had to face a public backlash when he had given his approval to the appointment of a retired CMO official, Pramod Mohanty.This time, however, Singh put his foot down a day before a scheduled meeting for recommending another name for appointment in the commission. In a letter dated July 23, Singh questioned the government's attempt to appoint one more member in the commission. \"As far as my knowledge goes, no existing member of the state information commission is retiring. The urgency of convening the meeting at this point of time is not known to me,\" the letter said, suggesting deferring the selection for the time being.The leader of opposition also alleged that the meeting was fixed without his knowledge. \"Earlier, my prior consent was taken before fixing the date for such meetings. But no such consultation was made on this occasion,\" he claimed.Casting doubts over the manner in which names were being put across for the commission, Singh shot off a second letter to Naveen on July 28. \"Social activists, intellectuals, academicians, journalists and eminent persons across the country have been demanding effective implementation of the RTI Act. Therefore, it is absolutely essential to adopt transparency in the selection system as the information commissioners with independent, autonomous and quasi-judicial powers will be dispensing justice to the aggrieved persons,\" he wrote.In this context, the leader of opposition referred to the Ccentral government's October 29, 2011, advertisement, inviting applications for selection of the central information commissioner.Singh also claimed that he was kept in the dark on several aspects of the state information commissioner. \"Before we meet for recommending the names for the post of the state information commissioner, it would be proper and more appreciable if I am informed about the number of posts to be filled up and the names of the applicants besides the workload of the state information commission,\" the letter pointed out.He also dropped hints about the poor performance of the commission. \"The central information commission has fixed responsibility for each member to dispose of at least 300 cases per month. This same criteria can be adopted in the case of the state information commission,\" he added.When contacted, Singh defended his opposition to the government's present move. \"I am totally against making the information commission a rehabilitation centre,\" Singh told TOI.The state information commission, created in the backdrop of the Right to Information (RTI) Act, was thought of bringing government and particularly administration closer to the people by making available information concerning governance. But the commission since its inception ironically has always faced public protests for variety of reasons ranging from appointment of commissioners to their slow disposal of cases. Far from meeting the spirit of the RTI Act, the commission has also been criticized for not taking on strongly officials unwilling to share information citing unconvincing reasons.A plethora of complaints have been lodged with the governor over the years, but in vain. \"In March last year the Supreme Court while quashing the appointment of PJ Thomas as the central vigilance commissioner had given stress on considering people with impeccable integrity and expanding the zone of considerations without restricting to civil servants only. But the state government has consciously violated the transparency criteria, thereby throwing to the winds the very purpose for which RTI was created. The performance of the commission is for all to see to believe,\" alleged Pradip Pradhan, an RTI activist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15428826", "title": "NIA may take over probe", "text": "NEW DELHI: Amid growing indications of terror outfit Indian Mujahideen's involvement in the Pune blast, the Centre may hand over its probe to the National Investigation Agency (NIA).Sources said home ministry officials were in touch with the Maharashtra government and were discussing handing over the case to the central agency, which is mandated to probe all terror related cases. The case is being investigated by Maharashtra Police. The NIA is assisting the state police in the probe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15427416", "title": "Rain returns, though a bit late", "text": "COIMBATORE: Residents can expect a dip in temperature in the coming days for if the experts are right, the city will see moderate to heavy showers. Although the monsoon has been delayed, most people are just happy that they will see some rain. But farmers indicate that the showers have come too late for any impact on the crops. Large tracts have been left fallow after the monsoon failed and it is too late now to sow any crop, they say. Of course, the rain could turn to be a welcome relief for the standing crop and the help meet the drinking water requirements of cities and villages.V Geethalakshmi, head of the agro-climate research centre at Tamil Nadu Agricultural University (TNAU) says that the rains will gain momentum in August and September. \"In August, there will be 34 millimetres of rain and in September it will increase to 54 mm,\" she said. Considering the South West monsoons were weak in the entire state, the predicted showers will be a boost for this water-starved region.The inadequate monsoon rains in June and July was due to the 'El Nino' effect, she said. El Nino, meaning 'little boy' in Spanish, refers to the abnormal warming of the sea surface of the eastern equatorial Pacific Ocean which upsets weather patterns across the Asia-Pacific regions. Fortunately, the city can expect moderate showers in the coming days. About 15 mm of rain is expected initially. It is expected to gather momentum eventually, she said.The inadequate rains have led to crop damage to the tune of Rs 500 crores in Coimbatore,said P Kandasamy, secretary of Tamil Nadu Farmers' Association. \"The lack of rains has affected the farmers who are going through a crisis,\" he said. The Noyyal River had dried up, causing ground water levels in neibhbouring farms to dip, he said. Crops like corn and maize were not sown as there were no rains. Crops which were sown were damaged due to feeble rains. \"We are pinning our hopes on the North East monsoons,\" he said.Geethalakshmi expects the Northeast monsoons to be normal. This would help increase the ground water levels too. Meanwhile, farmers are hoping to improve their yield with adequate rains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15428823", "title": "Traders oppose foreign direct investment in retail", "text": "VARANASI: In response to a call given by Uttar Pradesh Udyog Vyapar Pratinidhi Mandal, members of Varanasi Vyapar Mandal staged a sit-in, opposing foreign direct investment (FDI) in retail, at Lahurabir crossing on Thursday.The members of VVM and other trade associations burnt effigy of a five-faced demon and held a meeting to discuss the key issues of local businessmen. VVM secretary Vishwanath Dubey said the Central government is not concentrating to control price rise. It is standing on knees in front of foreign market. FDI in retail would badly affect local traders and small-scale enterprises. Around 7 crore people will become jobless if the FDI is allowed in retail sector, the traders alleged.The agitators alleged that FDI is being introduced to benefit only 100 to 150 selected companies of the country and it will lead to trade imbalance. Several issues like safety of traders, food security act and others were also discussed on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "vishvakarma chowk", "code": "15428808", "title": "Stir against \u2018anti-industrial policies\u2019 of government", "text": "VISHVAKARMA CHOWK: Representatives of various industrial organizations organized a 'dharna' and hunger strike against the \"anti-industrial policies\" of the Punjab government at Vishvakarma Chowk on Thursday.\"The Punjab government is forcing the trade and industry to go for online intra-state transactions. The industry refuses to accept the notification... we are ready for 'jail bharo andolan' and more hunger strikes,\" said Badish Jindal, a member of National Board of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises, government of India, who is also the president of Federation of Punjab Small Industries Associations.\"The industry is already reeling under power price hike and scheduled and unscheduled cuts. The government should not levy bills from retrospective dates,\" said Gurmeet Singh Kular, president of United Cycle and Parts Manufacturers Association. The industrialists said, \"The trade and industry of the state face power cuts of two to four days. Under such circumstances, how can dealers file online details. The situation in mixed land use areas is even worse.\"The industrialists said they would decide their next course of action on Saturday in a meeting.Vinod Thapar, chairman of Knitwear Club, said, \"Around 90% of the traders and industrialists have part-time accountants and just 10% have internet facility. So according to the new notification, all the traders and industrialists who will issue even a single invoice above the limit will have to keep both the facilities on standby. And for even one invoice in a month, this will cost them more than 20,000 a month. It is an extra burden on an already ailing industry that is being left with no other option other than going in for mass exodus from the state.\"Even representatives of Ludhiana Jewellers' Association, and some politicians participated in the protest. The industrialists said they would decide their next course of action on Saturday in a meeting. \"We will not budge till our demands are met,\" they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15429639", "title": "Stagger school timings to decongest traffic: MSRTC.", "text": "NASHIK: While the MSRTC officials and traffic cops collide over the causes of traffic jams, the issue of altering school timings so as to prevent the rush of students at bus stops during peak hours remains hanging. The district collectorate, the Nashik Municipal Corporation, the education department and the MSRTC are yet to come to a consensus.There is obvious traffic congestion in the city when over one lakh school students hit the streets simultaneously in the evening as schools close for the day. The MSRTC, which arranges travel for students, has been under the lens for not supplying enough buses during peak hours. However, MSRTC officials pointed out that staggering the timings of schools was an easier option than increasing the frequency of buses. The education office, which controls the secondary schools, is yet to consider this option seriously.The MSRTC had raised this last academic year as well, but there has been no follow-up. It then raised the issue with the then collector, P Velrasu, who had even called a meeting- but nothing concrete came up then. Vilas Patil, the new collector, has not found time yet to take up the matter with the education office.The education officer, B K Dahiphale, said that the issue was not under his control and that the education officer of NMC had to deal with it. When pointed out that secondary schools were under his control, the officer corrected himself, saying he had instructed the schools to decide on the timings.\"None of the schools have communicated about the staggered timings,\" the official said. With schools having reopened almost two months back, Dahiphale said that he would ask the schools to comply with the request in the next meeting. He however refused to set a deadline.Meanwhile, Nitin Upasni, the primary education officer, NMC, declined to comment after being pointed out that even primary school children left for the day at the same time along with their peers from secondary school and that there was a need to decongest traffic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "15429120", "title": "Blood bank sans blood at Hazaribag Sadar Hospital", "text": "HAZARIBAG: The blood bank at Hazaribag Sadar Hospital complex has not been functioning for the last 10 days as not a single unit of blood is available in the bank. The virtual closure of the blood bank have led to strong resentment among the general public.Civil surgeon Dr Binay Kumar admitted that till Thursday not a single unit of blood was available in the blood bank. He did not elaborate who as to who was responsible for the current pitiable condition of the blood bank. \"We are now serious about organizing a mega blood donation camp on the VBU campus here on August 13 from where we expect to collect 100 units of blood,\" he said.Ever since the blood bank started functioning in 2003, accident patients, besides those afflicted with HIV, thalassemia etc were getting blood free of cost. The poor were also provided blood without exchange or donors.One of the ward commissioners of Hazaribag municipality, Vishwanath Vishwakarma, said they did not get a single unit of blood for his relative as no blood was available in the bank. He said that if blood is not made available to patients, they will have no alternative but to launch massive agitation for reviving the blood bank.DCManish Ranjan said hewould take steps to organize camps for motivating the youths to donate blood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15428227", "title": "Notice to govt on RTE income limit", "text": "BANGALORE: A division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen of the Karnataka High Court on Thursday ordered notice to the state government with regard to a PIL challenging income limit fixed with regard to the disadvantaged class and also certain provisions of the Karnataka Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education Rules, 2012.K Nagesh and two other students from Mysore challenged the May 8, 2012 notification in which the income limit for parents and guardians was fixed at Rs 3.5 lakh per annum for them to be considered under the disadvantaged group.The petitioners said below poverty line is defined as Rs 30,000 per annum, which translates into Rs 2,500 per month. \"The RTE Act is meant for children of such people. By the present notification, the state is depriving the children whose interest was sought to be catered by the Act. This apart, there is no categorization of the 16 % seats reserved for BCs, leaving apart 7.5% for SCs and 1.5% for STs. Thus, the notification entitles a millionaire's child belonging to backward classes a free seat in schools thereby depriving the needy poor,\" the petitioners stated.The petitioners also challenged rule 8(4) which specifies that reimbursement of expenditure by the government will be made in two installments. They claim it will make it difficult for schools to pay monthly salaries to teachers.Notice to MCI , DME, Comed-KA division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen ordered notices to Medical Council of India, Directorate of Medical Education, RGUHS and Comed-K with regard to a PIL seeking a CBI probe into alleged malpractices in allotment of both under-graduate and post-graduate medical seats. Ambalike Hiriyanna, a retired sociology professor claimed there is a racket with regard to allotment of medical seats and this affecting meritorious students.KPSC plea on KAS mains rejectedA division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen rejected the interlocutory application submitted by the Karnataka State Public Service Commission to go ahead with the main examination of Gazetted Probationers and also for proceeding with receiving applications for recruitment for 1750 II division accounts assistants posts. The court is hearing a PIL wherein a basic question has been raised regarding non-identification of posts for visually handicapped persons.KSPCB report soughtA division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen directed the pollution control board to submit a status report regarding industrial units still operating in the catchment area of T G Halli reservoir/Arkavati river. The bench recorded an undertaking of Arun Goenka, director of Texport Industries Ltd that he would vacate their plant and machinery at Makali which comes under Zone III (within 1km from the river bank) by July 26,2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "mhow", "code": "15426360", "title": "Cracks develop on one-month-old four lane road", "text": "MHOW: Deep cracks have developed on a 100 metre stretch on the one-month-old Lebad-Mhow four lane road near Pithampur, a large part of which is still under construction. Moreover, the commuters are facing severe problems due barricades placed on both sides of the road by the company undertaking the project.An eyewitness, Pankaj Kumar, a resident of Vishwas Nagar colony of Pithampur, said he was coming on his motorbike to Mhow at about 7 am on Wednesday when it was heavily raining. When he crossed Bherubaba temple he felt a sudden jerk. He noticed deep cracks on the newly constructed road. He reported the matter to the Mhowgaon police post of Kishanganj police station. Dilip Buildcon Private Limited has been constructing the road.Kishanganj police station in charge Raghuprasad said that after receiving the information, he had asked the company officials to take precautionary measures. Thereafter, the company has erected temporary barricades on both sides of the stretch where cracks had developed.Manager of the company Majid Qureshi said the cracks developed due to a large quantity of water collected on the road. He said that such cracks have developed not only at this place but also at three other stretches between Ghatabillod and Lebad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15432893", "title": "Miranda Kerr bares all for new photoshoot", "text": "Miranda Kerr posed in her thigh-high boots and absolutely nothing else for the new issue of Harper's Bazaar.The Victoria's Secret model has revealed that she looks to her grandmother for fashion inspiration and it has resulted in her preference for quality clothing.\"For me it's all about keeping things simple and feeling comfortable in what I am wearing. I prefer investing in classic, well-tailored pieces,\" Contactmusic quoted her as telling the publication.\"I have always admired Audrey Hepburn's style and my Nan has always been a style icon for me. Growing up I would play in her wardrobe and was very influenced by her.\"She taught me that you don't need to have a lot of money to have style. It's the way you put things together and how you carry yourself,\" she added.The wife of actor Orlando Bloom admitted that the footwear choice is one of her favourites because it makes her feel powerful to wear them.\"I really love over-the-knee boots. I think they're super sexy and they're fun. And they're also very strong and empowering,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15426614", "title": "'Decision on neta after SC verdict'", "text": "MUMBAI: The NCP on Thursday came out in support of minister Gulabrao Deokar, who is in the dock for his role in the Jalgaon Gharkul housing scam.Party spokesperson Madan Bafna said a decision on Deokar's resignation would be taken only after the Supreme Court rules on his bail application. Deokar, who holds nine different portfolios as the minister-of-state, had tendered his resignation, following the cancellation of his bail order by the Aurangabad bench of the high court on August 6. Fearing that he could face immediate arrest, the party had then asked the minister to step down. A day later the Supreme Court stayed the HC order till its next hearing on August 21.With the minister's arrest ruled out in the interim period, the party changed its strategy and decided to go easy on the resignation. Bafna said it has been decided to keep his resignation letter in abeyance till the SC verdict. The SC is scheduled to hear the matter again on August 21. Senior party sources said that a fear that hasty action in the matter could set a precedent was behind the change in stand. Allegations of corruption have recently been made against senior ministers of the party.Meanwhile, the Congress took another jibe at the NCP on Thursday. In a veiled attack, state party president Manikrao Thakre asked chief minister Prithviraj Chavan to continue cracking the whip on corruption cases. He was addressing a party meet to mark August Kranti Din. Chavan was present on the occasion.Senior NCP ministers Sunil Tatkare and Chhagan Bhujbal are currently in the line of fire over graft allegations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15429177", "title": "Technical snag delays Chennai-Dubai flight", "text": "CHENNAI: A Chennai-Dubai Emirates flight was delayed by several hours on Thursday due to a technical snag. The passengers were moved to a hotel and were accommodated in another flight later in the evening.Airport sources said the flight was scheduled for departure at 9.45am. But, the passengers had to be disembarked after more than an hour as the snag could not be rectified.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15420082", "title": "In Ooty and enjoying it!", "text": "Actor Neil Nitin Mukesh seems to be loving his stay in Ooty, where he will be shooting for Bejoy Nambiar's Tamil-Telugu-Hindi trilingual, David.He wrote on his micro-blogging site, \" David starts on August 10 in Ooty. Crossing the Nilgiri hills and the clouds are low.\"The actor had look tests and workshops to get into his character. Also starring Vikram, Jiiva, Nasser from the south industry, the film is being shot simultaneously in the three languages.Meanwhile, Neil has finished shooting for the Hindi remake of Thiruttu Payale . Directed by Susi Ganesh, who also helmed the original Jeevan-sonia Aggarwal-starrer, Shortcut Romeo also has Ameesha Patel in the lead.Interestingly, Susi shot the climax of the film in Chennai, where he shot the original as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15428482", "title": "Sachidananda was architect of modern Bihar: Yashwant Sinha", "text": "PATNA: Do you know why once Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru described the top civil servants of the country as 'second-rate citizens'? If not, former Union finance and external affairs minister Yashwant Sinha has got an explanation.Delivering a lecture on 'Sachidananda Sinha: Maker of modern Bihar' at B N College here on Thursday, Yashwant, a former bureaucrat himself, said \"After qualifying the UPSC examination in 1960, when I went to Mussoorie for training, Nehru came to address us. He called us 'second-rate citizens' as all of us had managed to get warm blanket of security. We were academically at the top, but we lacked courage to face the challenges of life and to do something different. 'Those who lack courage and boldness can't become agents of change' Nehru had said.\"Yashwant said when he resigned as an IAS officer in 1984 to join active politics, all his friends and relatives ridiculed him. \"But had I continued with my job, I would not have become Union finance minister and external affairs minister. At best I would have been residing in a flat of any multi-storey apartment in Patna or Delhi,\" he said.Describing Sachidananda as an architect of modern Bihar, he said Sinha was a great visionary. He was not only instrumental in separation of Bihar from Bengal but also worked for separation of Orissa from Bihar. He also worked hard for establishment of Patna University of which he was the vice-chancellor from 1936 to 1944. It was also a rare moment when the draft Indian Constitution was brought to Patna for obtaining the signature of Sinha (who was ailing at the time).Yashwant appealed to the intellectuals to assert and raise their voice against various ills plaguing the society. \"We must repay whatever we have received from the society,\" he said.PU vice-chancellor Shambhu Nath Singh pleaded for incorporating contemporary history in PU courses of studies so that the younger generation might get inspiration from the life and works of local heroes like Sachidananda Sinha, Shri Krishna Sinha, Anugraha Narain Sinha, Maulana Mazharul Haque and others.B N College principal P K Poddar welcomed the guests. PU history department's former head Y D Prasad and mathematics department's former head H B P Sinha also addressed the gathering. College teacher M S Mangalik proposed a vote of thanks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15428936", "title": "High court asks bars near schools to down shutters by 5 pm", "text": "GUWAHATI: Gauhati high court on Thursday ordered closure of all bars and wine shops within 500-m radius of educational institutions, religious places, courts and healthcare centres by 5 pm.The court also asked the Kamrup (Metro) district administration to submit a compliance report in this regard by 10:30 am on Friday. Several bars and wine shops in Kamrup (Metro) district were closed before 5 pm in the evening after the court order.Kamrup (Metro) deputy commissioner Ashutosh Agnihotri told TOI that all the bars and wine shops in the areas, as asked by the high court, were closed within 5 pm and the administration will submit a compliance report to the high court by 10:30 am on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "15428512", "title": "'Casarvannem health centre to be improved'", "text": "MAPUSA: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar, who paid a surprise visit to the Casarvannem health centre in Pernem along with local MLA and speaker Rajendra Arlekar on Thursday and saw for himself the poor state of affairs there, has assured to improve the functioning of the centre.Arlekar brought to the notice of Parrikar that the staff and doctors were not regular at their work, that things were not functioning smoothly and that patients were suffering.It was also seen that patients were lifted up the staircase with great difficulty as the hospital had no ramp by which patients could be smoothly taken up. Arlekar and the hospital staff informed the CM that the PWD authorities were aware of the problem. Parrikar expressed disgust with the functioning of the PWD.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15428815", "title": "Miscreants flee with ornaments worth Rs 6 lakh", "text": "VARANASI: In a dramatic incident, four miscreants fled after looting ornaments worth over Rs six lakh from a shop in Shivpur area under the same police station on Thursday afternoon.According to reports, when Raghav Sharan Seth, an ornament shop owner at Shivpur Bazar, was sitting at his shop, two youths reached there and asked him to show golden earrings.Seth put a box in front of them containing several ear rings, finger rings and other ornaments weighing over 150 grams. Initially, they selected one of the earrings and asked to pack it. When Seth was busy in packing the earring, they decamped with the box of ornaments. They escaped from the scene on two motorcycles with two other accomplices.The shop owner and his son raised an alarm and tried to chase the miscreants but failed to nab them. On receiving information of the incident, police reached the incident site. Cops considered the incident as doubtful but increasing pressure of the local traders compelled them to start investigating the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15427056", "title": "South Delhi woman attempts suicide", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 58-year-old woman, a former public school administrator, allegedly tried to commit suicide by consuming an overdoze of her medicine in south Delhi's Vasant Vihar on Wednesday.The woman has been admitted at AIIMS and her condition is critical. Police claim she was suffering from depression. \"She told doctors that her house was sealed by the south Delhi municipal corporation that led her and her husband to live in a rented accommodation,\" said a police officer. However, cops are yet to confirm the reason behind her extreme step as she is unable to give a statement. Cops denied having knowledge of the woman writing a suicide note holding the MCD responsible for her decision.The woman's husband claimed his wife was disturbed by MCD sealing the residence - where she has been residing for the past 22 years \u2014 thrice in a span of two months. South Delhi Municipal Corporation officials said, \"The owner had carried out massive unauthorised construction in her flat. Following complaints from residents, we had sealed the property. \"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15428148", "title": "Govt to move bill on quota in promotions", "text": "NEW DELHI: After repeated adjournments in Rajya Sabha and turmoil in Lok Sabha , the government on Thursday agreed to the members' demand for bringing a Constitution amendment bill for reservation in promotion of SCs and STs in jobs during the ongoing session of Parliament.Minister of state for personnel V Narayansamy informed the Upper House that the bill would be brought on August 22 after an all-party meeting.\"The Prime Minister will call a meeting of leaders of all parties on 21st for discussing the issue. This has been the demand of members of the entire Parliament. The government will on August 22 be able to bring the bill in this House,\" Narayanasamy said. The announcement came after PM Manmohan Singh talked to members including BSP chief Mayawati in the House when it was adjourned for 15 minutes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15427557", "title": "CBSE to conduct dope tests in school sports meet", "text": "NAGPUR: Success, be it in academics or sports, never comes easy and the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) has decided to impart this lesson early in life to its students. Even Olympians have fallen from grace after being found guilty of using performance-enhancing drugs and board wants to raise the red flag early. CBSE has decided to conduct a dope test for participants of its inter-school sports event scheduled to start in September. A circular issued by the board mentions that the testing will be done in \"association with the National Anti-Doping Agency (NADA)\".The circular did not give any reason for the step and officials remained unavailable for comments being busy in an important CBSE event at New Delhi.The decision could be result of 11 athletes testing positive in the National School Games in January. The event's organizer, School Games Federation of India (SGFI), believed lack of knowledge about banned substances among schoolchildren was a major concern. \"Children are not aware about the different banned substances. They don't know which medicines they can take or what are the allowed vitamins or protein supplements. We tried to provide them with the material provided by NADA but much more needs to be done,\" a SGFI official told TOI then.At SGFI games no dope testing is undertaken. Subhash Gangreddiwar, district sports officer (Nagpur), said, \"We only conduct a medical test for age verification and it is done by a surgeon.\" Reacting to the doping controversy then, a senior NADA official had warned, \"School-doping has potential to damage our future irreversibly. The most worrying aspect is that the schoolchildren are indulging in these practices without being aware about the consequences.\"To be safe, CBSE will soon be releasing a list of banned substances for its Inter-School Games and Sports Competitions (ISGSC).However, the board's decision to test for dope has not found favour with city schools. Anmol Badjatia, principal of Jain International School, said, \"This decision seems over-the-top. I have never heard of anyone taking performance enhancing drugs at CBSE sports meet and there is no reason for it to happen in the future. These are kids we are talking about, not professional athletes.\"Deaven Dasture, director of Royal Gondwana Public School, said, \"We need to trust our students and by announcing a dope test we are sending a wrong message.\"The board's circular does not give details on whether the test will be for all athletes or done on a random basis. Also the methodology to be used by NADA is not mentioned but a separate notice to host schools asks them to keep doctors on site for emergency and age-verification purpose.CASH AWARDSThe board has also raised the profile its sports meet by introducing high value cash prizes for the schools. The school coming first in the competition will be awarded Rs 5 lakh while the second placed will get Rs 3 lakh. The third will get Rs 1 lakh. The changes seem to have been made against the background of the central government giving a special status to CBSE. The Ministry of Youth Affairs and Sports has recognized CBSE as the 'National Sports Promotional Organization' for promotion of school games.The cash awards will add more incentive to the meet that strives to maintain international standards. Jain International School is the only venue for the event in entire Vidarbha and will host tennis competition for west zone. Principal Badjatia said, \"about 500 tennis players will compete for zonal glory at our seven-layered synthetic tennis courts from October 26-31. We have made lodging arrangements for all of them at the school campus itself.\"\"Only when stakes are high will there be an incentive for students and schools to put their best foot forward. We have to tap talent at this level to ensure we can improve our performance at Olympics,\" said Royal Gondwana's Dasture.Anatomy of a dope-testThere are several testing methods available - urine, hair, oral fluids and sweat. These methods vary in cost, reliability, drugs detected and detection period. Event organizers can determine their needs and choose the method that best suits their requirements.Under established doping control protocols, a participant will be asked to provide urine sample which will be divided into two as A and B. If sample A has revealed presence of any prohibited substance then to protect the rights of a participant the B sample would be analyzed to confirm that an anti-doping rule violation has occurred.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15428550", "title": "Floral fashion to deck up Radha-Krishna idols", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Flowers will deck up the Janmashtami celebrations of Chaitanya Gaudiya Math, Sector 20, on Friday.The temple has especially imported orchids and sirmour flowers from Thailand at a cost of Rs 1.5 lakh to make the outfits of Lord Krishna and Radha.It's for the first time that the temple, which was set up in 1971, is going for all-floral celebration. The flowers will not only dress Lord Krishna and Radha, but will also be used to make their ear rings, necklace, nose ring and silver flute. The idols will wear the floral outfits at 4.30am. Some of these blooms will also decorate the temple. Women devotees are working day and night to adorn the idols. Co-ordinator of the temple committee Jai Prakash said, \"We wanted to do something different this Janmashtami. So, we decided to import flowers from Thailand to dress up the idols. These flowers will remain fresh for 10 days.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15426840", "title": "Indians pack bags for Dubai 'begging fest' during Ramzan", "text": "CHENNAI: Scores of Indians are flying to Dubai on a 'business opportunity' during Ramzan. Not all of them return soon enough though, as the business of begging is an offence in the Gulf country.The Dubai police have arrested 131 people, including 16 from Tamil Nadu, for begging during the holy month. Devout Muslims are generous with alms (zakat) during Ramzan, though seeking alms in public can land one in trouble.Diplomatic sources said a lot of Asians head for Dubai during the season. A beggar from Pakistan was caught with 18,000 Dirhams (around 2.45 lakh) during a recent raid. According to the Dubai police, this is an annual organised operation. \"Even employed people come from different countries to seek alms in Dubai during Ramzan,\" said a source. \"After paying for their return tickets and the short stay, they still carry a handsome amount back home.\"A youth employed in a media organization in Dubai boasted that he made a cool 1,200 Dirhams (16,200) in a matter of ten minutes by seeking arms on the road a few days ago.Though details of Indians arrested for begging in Dubai were not known, sources said that all of them had Indian passports and visit visas valid for 45 days. Diplomatic sources said they were from Tamil Nadu, Bihar , Uttar Pradesh and Assam. Those from Tamil Nadu hailed from Vellore, Ramanathapuram and Tirunelveli districts.Those arrested are produced before courts and serve a jail term of up to three months. \"Those who come to beg here know the penalty. Many think it is worth taking the risk,\" said an Indian diplomat in the Gulf.This year a number of police officials, some of who are women , have fanned out to mosques and shopping malls in the emirate to nab the beggars. A Dubai visit visa for example can be obtained for 75,000 through an agent and this investment is much less compared to the kind of money one could make from begging. The money obtained by begging cannot be transferred to India through official banking channels. Hawala operators help solve this problem with a 24 x 7 service to move money from Dubai to Tamil Nadu.This is the system used by illegal Indian labourers in the Gulf as they cannot open a bank account or send money through exchange houses as they do not have a valid passport or a residential visa.Bahrain , Muscat and Qatar are also preferred begging destinations during Ramzan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15429709", "title": "Two sent to juvenile home for rape bid", "text": "JAIPUR: Two children, aged 9 and 13 years, were sent to a juvenile home after they were found involved in attempting to rape a six-year-old girl living in their neighbourhood in Kardhani police station area on Friday. The two boys used to play with the girl. An FIR had been registered in this regard by the girl's family members.According to the police, the incident took place when the girl's parents had gone to a factory for work on Friday.\"The girl and the two children living in the neighbourhood used to play together. She had gone to a neighbour's house on Friday in the absence of her parents and started playing with the two children. The neighbour's 9-year-old son and his 13-year old friend attempted to rape her,\" said a police officer.He added that the girl started crying and told the parents about the incident when they returned home in the afternoon. \"They lodged an FIR following which the two boys were produced in a court on Saturday and sent to a juvenile home. We conducted a medical examination of the girl and the two boys,\" said the officer.In another case, a 21-year old girl has lodged an FIR with Vishwakarma police station against her father alleging that he molested her and beat her up when she protested.\"The girl had approached a court with these allegations. We lodged the case on Friday on the instructions of the court. She says that her father wanted to force her into prostitution and when she told her mother about it, she also did not help,\" said the officer.Similarly, a 20-year old girl, a resident of Malviya Nagar, has lodged an FIR against one Ramdhan Meena saying that he sexually exploited her for almost seven years on the basis of some photographs and CDs showing her in a compromising position. \"She says that he used to force her into having physical relations with him on the basis of these CDs and photographs. Later he forced her to sleep with his brother-in-law also,\" said the officer.\"We have recorded the statement of the girl and are searching for the accused. We are trying to verify the girl's allegations,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15428663", "title": "The versatile OMG! turns 100", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Oh My God (OMG), the expression completes a hundred years. It continues to be a handy phrase to put across a wide range of expressions and has been immortalized by celebrities like Paris Hilton and used by teenage girls across Britain and America. The expression, once considered taboo in polite conversation, has become as commonplace as \"that's cool\" or \"see you later\" in Indian parlance. The acronym, OMG, is nearly as ubiquitous. Room-chatters rely on it; so do text-messagers.\"I often use OMG to express surprise and disbelief in everyday life. Boys tend to use the expression as frequently,\" said Dhruv Jain, a student at Chandigarh College of Engineering and Technology (CCET).\"It is my favourite expression and I use it at least 10 times a day. For me, it expresses every emotion of mine. Remembering God every now and then is a good thing to do,\" said Jasleen Bhatia, a student of MCM DAV College. \"I have a weird sounding reason behind using the expression. My favourite cartoon Johny Bravo too uses this phrase very often, so I love Johny Bravo and now the phrase too,\" says Dhairya Gupta, a student of Delhi Public School.\"When a pimple appears on my face and I see it in the mirror, my first reaction is OMG!\" said Preeti Sharma, a student of Vivek High School.\"My friends and I use this expression in sarcastic manner. We go 'Oh my god!' In reply to a friend boasting about herself,\" added Sakshar Sharma, a student at University Institute of Engineering and Technology (UIET).\"Moments of happiness, in terms of wonder, but it can be used ironically as well, your voice changes and expressions, too, according to the situation you are in. It is a very expressive phrase,\" says Dr Renu Somal, a psychologist.The expression is increasingly being associated with teenagers so it gained popularity from online chat rooms, most commonly used in online games, web chats and in text messages. But it has been a craze amongst not only the youth, people of other ages like it too. A unique smiley of OMG is available on many phone applications like Whatsapp, Viber and on my social networking sites like on yahoo messenger, Gtalk, Twitter, Orkut, Skype. The search engine Yahoo now uses OMG as the name of a gossip-alert service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15427512", "title": "NIA may take over Pune blasts probe", "text": "NEW DELHI: Amid growing indications of terror outfit Indian Mujahideen's involvement in the Pune blast, the Centre may hand over its probe to the National Investigation Agency (NIA).Sources said home ministry officials were in touch with the Maharashtra government and were discussing handing over the case to the central agency, which is mandated to probe all terror related cases. The case is being investigated by Maharashtra Police. The NIA is assisting the state police in the probe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "15432623", "title": "Thrissur\u2019s young keyboardists break Guinness, Limca records at a go", "text": "THRISSUR: A team of 136 young keyboardists from Thrissur have walked in to the Guinness World Records and Limca Book of Records at a go by carrying out the largest ever performance keyboard ensemble in the world.KK Raju, Managing Director of the Music Centre - School of Music based in Thrissur, who conceptualized and conducted the record-breaking performance on November 20, 2011 in town, said the record was a result of six-month-long preparations. \"We received the confirmation note about the record on Wednesday only. It felt nice and happy when we got the record confirmation from both Guinness and Limca officials at the same time,\" he said.\"The idea to organize the largest organ performance came into my mind in 2010. My dream came into reality when the parents of the children trained here encourage me. At the same time, we were concerned about the quality of the performance also. We launched the special training programme in early 2011 to ensure all the 136 students perform in unison during the Guinness effort,\" said Raju.The Guinness attempt at the Tennis Trust Auditorium in Thrissur was performed in the presence of Guinness as well as Limca officials. The officials had directed the performers to play song items that are internationally popular so as to ensure the quality. \"The children - all aged between six and 17 years of age - played Football World Cup-2010 official songs and popular tracks including 'Waka Waka' and 'Give Me Freedom' and popular Bollywood movie songs including 'Yeh Dosti' of 'Sholay',\" said Raju.The earlier record of performing keyboard ensemble in the world was set in 2011 by a Chennai-based team of 109 keyboard artists led by Isaimamani MS Martin, one among the most popular keyboard players in India.\"The specialty is, all the 136 children participated in the effort will be presented Guinness certificates for the achievement. This is the first time in Kerala that this many people are getting Guinness certificate at same time,\" said Raju.Meanwhile, Raju urged the State government to include keyboard playing as a competitive item in State School Youth Festival. \"Organ is a widely used musical instrument today, yet the authorities are reluctant to include it in the competitions. Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan and Sarvodaya schools have already included organs in their youth festivals and promoting the instrument wholeheartedly,\" pointed out Raju.The Guinness certificates will be presented to the 136 keyboardists in a grand ceremony to be held soon in Thrissur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15427600", "title": "Antony seeks report on J&K; Army standoff", "text": "NEW DELHI: Expressing serious concern at the ugly face-off between officers and jawans of an armoured corps unit at Samba in J&K; after a solider committed suicide on Wednesday, defence minister A K Antony has directed the Army to submit a \"detailed\" report on the entire incident.Antony on Thursday morning had a telephonic conversation with Army chief General Bikram Singh, who is on a visit to the Chandimandir-based Western Command, before he asked for the submission of the report \"at the earliest\", said sources.The Army has already ordered a court of inquiry (CoI) headed by a Brigadier into the flare-up between the officers and jawans of the 16th Light Cavalry at Samba, which erupted after the soldier Arun V shot himself dead with his service rifle around 6.45 am on Wednesday.Senior officers, including the Yol-based 9 Corps commander Lt-General A K Bhalla, rushed to Samba and \"segregated\" the officers and the agitated jawans to prevent the situation from spinning out of control, as was reported by TOI.The incident found mention in Rajya Sabha on Thursday, with CPI(M) MPs Sitaram Yechury and K N Balagopal demanding a reply by Antony on the \"mutiny-like\" episode in the Army. But making a swift intervention, PM Manmohan Singh \"requested\" the House not to discuss the subject since it would \"not be good for the morale\" of the armed forces. \"It's a small incident which is being blown out of proportion,\" he said.But this does not detract from the fact that such clashes or stand-offs are increasingly being reported over the last few years in a clear indicator of the declining discipline and leadership standards in the 1.13-million strong Army.The force, for instance, is still grappling with the ongoing court of inquiry into the violent clash between officers and jawans of the 226 Field Artillery Regiment at the Nyoma sector of eastern Ladakh in May, which had left the unit commanding officer, two majors and two jawans hospitalised with limb fractures, bruises and other injuries.Similarly, three officers and 16 other ranks are undergoing a court martial for a brawl in the 45th Cavalry regiment in Punjab last year, with another two officers and three JCOs already being punished with administrative action.\"First, there has been a general decline in the leadership in the Army. Then, the socio-economic gap between officers and jawans has narrowed down, and the latter are no longer willing to take high-handed behaviour from their superiors,\" said a senior officer.As many as 1,018 soldiers have committed suicide since 2003, with fragging (to kill or wound a fellow soldier) incidents also becoming a regular phenomenon. A report by the Defence Institute of Psychological Research had earlier held that \"perceived humiliation and harassment, over and above occupational and familial causes\", at the hands of their superiors often serves as the final \"trigger\" for jawans in stress-related cases in the armed forces.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15429696", "title": "\u2018Expedite work on Nashik Rd cemetry\u2019", "text": "NASHIK: Corporators of Nashik Road, led by chairman of the divisional office and independent corporator Pawan Pawar, asked the municipal commissioner to expedite the work on a cemetery at Jail Road, the proposal for which was accepted two years back.A plot of land with an area of 1,011 sq m had been allotted for the cemetry. \"Since the past seven years, we have been trying to get a cemetery constructed for our Muslim brothers in Nashik Road. Two years back, the land was allotted by the bank of the river at Jail Road and the work was approved but the files somehow have not reached the municipal commissioner till now,\" said Pawar, \"They want to construct a compound wall now. So we approached the municipal commissioner and he has given his approval for the work.\" An amount of Rs 21 lakh had been approved for the construction of the cemetery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15428647", "title": "6 MLAs on joyride to England", "text": "PANAJI: Six members of the state legislative assembly are being sponsored by the Sports Authority of Goa (SAG) to travel to England for the FIM world motocross championship of Great Britain , to be held at Winchester, starting August 18.The delegation, appointed after Goa Motocross Association president Ashley Gomes' letter to CM Manohar Parrikar , will travel to England on August 16 and are expected to be there for five days.According to the SAG, the delegation which includes fisheries minister Avertano Furtado, besides MLAs Glen Ticlo (Aldona), Carlos Almeida (Vasco), Michael Lobo (Calangute), Benjamin Silva (Velim) and Rajan Naik (Cuncolim), will \"explore the possibility of introducing motocross in Goa in a big way and also explore the possibility of hosting international motocross events in Goa in the future\".The state delegation, surprisingly, does not include any official from the directorate of sports, SAG, or even the secretary (sports), as has been the case with previous delegations that have represented the state during sporting events.None of the MLAs have any motocross or organizational background, with Gomes being the only one invited by the Federation Internationale de Motocyclisme (FIM, International Motorcycling Federation).From P1In a letter ostensibly received to obtain a visa, Marc Pauwels, FIM sport general manager (Youthstream), said Gomes was invited \"to further assist and encourage you to continue your goals in promoting the sport of motocross in India\". The letter makes no mention of the state government delegation.It could not be confirmed if, eventually, all of the seven-member delegation will travel to England as at least one MLA was having problems with his passport while another MLA from South Goa was understood to have developed cold feet ahead of the tour.Gomes, according to an internal SAG communique, has been asked to \"facilitate a meeting of the delegation with the organizers and ensure that the delegation has full access to the infrastructure and arrangements so as to enable them to understand the sport and its organizing aspects in detail\".The decision to sponsor the seven-member delegation to England has not gone down well with sports enthusiasts with questions being raised about its sanctity.\"This is nothing but a joy ride for the MLAs at the cost of the state exchequer. This is not the manner in which the possibility of hosting motocross events in Goa should be explored. This is a criminal waste of money,\" said a senior state sports association official.No budget has either been fixed or prepared for the state delegation but according to a sports department official, \"all actual expenditure will be reimbursed\" once they return.The delegation is required to submit a \"detailed report\" on the visit on their return.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "15429376", "title": "Pak PM to defy top court\u2019s summons on Zardari cases", "text": "LAHORE: Pakistan PM Raja Pervez Ashraf has been advised by his aides not to appear in the supreme court in response to a notice summoning him for failing to act on its orders to revive graft cases against the president.The ruling PPP believes that Ashraf 's appearance in the supreme court will make no difference and that he is unlikely to get any relief from the judges who on Wednesday issued the notice to the PM and directed him to personally appear on August 27, Ashraf 's aides said on Thursday.\"The PM is not a section officer that he can be summoned by the apex court every now and then. Seeing the judges' mood, we advised the PM not to appear before the apex court and to raise the dignity of parliament,\" said Fawad Chaudhry, the prime minister's special assistant on political affairs.Chaudhry said the PM should save parliament from being further ridiculed by the judiciary. \"Like the judiciary, the parliament will protect its rights as well.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15427522", "title": "Elite campuses fret over 170 vacant seats", "text": "KOLKATA: Two leading state technology universities may lock horns with the state government over how to fill up 170 vacant engineering seats - 115 in Jadavpur University and 55 in Bengal Engineering and Science University.The elite camouses are not in a mood to compromise with their standards and accommodate students who could not make it to any of the engineering colleges after the third round of counselling.\"We are not in favour of lowering our admission parameters at this stage because it would deny natural justice. Vacancies remain in other institutes such as the IITs. This is nothing unusual,\" said a senior JU teacher.Besu vice-chancellor Ajoy Ray has called a meeting of the university admission committee on Friday to come up with a solution.Asked whether Besu will stretch its admission criteria that might lead to a dilution of academic standards, the vice-chancellor said: \"We cannot afford to do that.\"Ray is likely to consult the JU vice-chancellor and West Bengal Higher Education Council vice-chairman Abhijit Chakrabarty after the admission committee meeting.Sensing the mood, the higher education department has also called an emergency meeting of the university heads and WBJEE chairman Bhaskar Gupta on Monday to sort out the imbroglio.The present impasse over vacant seats is a repeat of a similar problem last year. The government then proposed to fill up the vacancies with students, who have qualified the joint entrance examination held for admission in polytechnic colleges and those who secured 60% and above in the higher secondary examination. However, the move fell through due to fierce opposition from Jadavpur University.Senior professors in JU and Besu frown over the government's failure to anticipate such a problem when it happened last year.\"The policymakers should take feedback from the campus. I do not say there were no vacancies in the year before last. But the on-campus counselling helped minimize this problem. It took less time and also gave an instant feedback to students about their chances of getting a seat in JU or Besu. With the e-counselling introduced this year, a student has to wait for more than a month whether he can get a chance in these two institutions. A student or his parents do not usually wait for so long. Now, if the government wants universities to absorb candidates, who didn't get admission after the third counselling, some may move the court,\" said former JU dean of engineering Manoj Mitra.Others held that the West Bengal Joint Entrance Examination should be held close to the other all-India entrance examinations such as those for the IITs. \"Under the present rule, a selected candidate can book a seat by paying Rs 5,000 and wait for the IIT results. Some of them who make it to the IITs do not strike off their names from JU or Besu. As a result, seats are blocked without intimation to the universities. The WBJEE board needs to address this problem,\" a Besu teacher said.The state higher education department, however, has ruled out a fourth round of counselling for students on the JEE merit list. \"There will be no fresh counselling. Admissions will take place in a decentralized manner. The government will take a decision on Monday,\" a higher education official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15428778", "title": "Two experts in organic chemical bag honours", "text": "PUNE: Two scientists from city-based National Chemical Laboratory, A T Biju and Pradeep Kumar, have been selected for the Organisation of Pharmaceutical Producers of India (OPPI) awards 2012. Biju has been selected for the OPPI young scientist award for his research in the area of synthetic organic chemistry and Kumar has been selected for the scientist award for his researchwork in the area of synthetic organic chemistry.Biju is working on transition-metal-free carbon-carbon and carbon-heteroatom bond-forming reactions using Aryne chemistry, N-Heterocyclic carbene (NHC) organocatalysis, and Multicomponent coupling. Biju has published 35 research papers in peer-reviewed dinternational journals, and five students are working with him for PhD degree. Biju is a member of the National Academy of Sciences, Allahabad and recipient of Alexander von Humboldt fellowship.Kumar's current research interest includes development of new synthetic methodologies and total synthesis of biologically active natural products. He has made seminal contributions to development of new methodologies, asymmetric total synthesis of bioactive compounds and application of solid catalysts for variety of industrially useful compounds.Kumar has published more than 150 research papers in international peer reviewed journals and has 13 patents to his credit. He has guided 15 PhD students and another 12 students are working with him for their PhD degrees, besides two post doctorate fellows. Kumar is a recipient of several awards and recognitions, including fellow of Maharashtra Academy of Sciences, ICICI Technology of the Year Award of the NCL Research Foundation, fellow of National Academy of Sciences, CRSI bronze medal and Alexander von Humboldt fellowship award.The awards carry a memento, citation and a cash prize and will be presented during the annual general meeting of OPPI to be held on September 15 in Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "jammu", "code": "15427855", "title": "Pak violates ceasefire again, targets Indian posts in Poonch", "text": "JAMMU: In yet another ceasefire violation, Pakistani troops targeted several Indian posts with small arms firing along the Line of Control in Poonch district of Jammu &amp; Kashmir on Wednesday night.Sources said the firing was unprovoked. \"The small arms firing was resorted to from their posts Daku, Shiv, Battal on Indian posts of Kripan, Kranti and Kranti 1 from 2215 hours till 2230 hours,\" a source said. \"There was no loss of life or damage to property.\" Sources said firing from the other side started again hours later.Army sources said Indian troops initially observed restrain but later retaliated.This is the fourth ceasefire violation in last four days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15428993", "title": "Ramesh to discuss Saranda, Sarju plans with deputy CM", "text": "RANCHI: Union minister for rural development Jairam Ramesh will arrive in Ranchi on August 11 and leave immediately for Khunti.Ramesh will meet deputy chief minister Sudesh Mahto in Ranchi to discuss the Saranda and Sarju development plans after he returns in the afternoon.In the evening, the minister, who will be on a two-day visit, will take part in the Times of India-organised Emerging Jharkhand Award ceremony.Later, he will meet chief minister Arjun Munda . After inaugurating a private hospital on the second day, Ramesh will depart for Lohardaga. The minister would leave for Delhi on Sunday evening. Ramesh was earlier scheduled to arrive in the city on August 9, but later deferred his visit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "15429019", "title": "Tribals count on Pranab's push for Sarna cause", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: On the occasion of World Tribal Day, representatives of indigenous communities in Jharkhand said they are looking up to the new President of India, Pranab Mukherjee , to effectively address the issues that have been plaguing them for long.Delegates of the Rashtriya Sarna Dharam Parishad (RSDP), a national body of Sarna tribals, urged Mukherjee to assume a proactive role for the inclusion of a separate Sarna Religion Code in the census format and ensure effective implementation of the Fifth Schedule provisions of the Constitution of India.\"He (President) is not only the custodian of the Constitution of India, but also our guardian. We are looking up to him to be sympathetic and proactive towards our cause,\" said RSDP functionary Mukesh Birua on the sidelines of the tribals' gathering called by the outfit to observe International Indigenous Day at Gopal Maidan.Earlier in the day, RSDP president Dr Bishop Nirmal Minz, slammed the Union government and the state government for ignoring the welfare of the tribals. \"Our experience shows that the Centre and most state governments, including that in Jharkhand, are indifferent to the demands of the tribals,\" said Minz.He asked how much time the Union government would take for including a separate code for sarna religion followers in the census format.Addressing a gathering, he said that the Arjun Munda government has failed to effectively implement the provisions of the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution.Raju Pahan, a senior RSDP functionary, said: \"Elected representatives from the tribal community have failed to play an efficient role in protecting and promoting tribal cause in the state assembly and in the Parliament.The reason why we are opposed to inviting tribal MLA's and MP's to our programme is because none of them have sincerely pursued our issues,\" he said.The RSDP said it will wait till March 2013 for the government to act, failing which they will launch a movement on a larger scale. \"If the Centre fails to include separate Sarna religion code in the census format by March 2013, we will call for a mass rally in New Delhi on August 2013,\" said Birua.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "15428481", "title": "Maharshi Dayanand University dress code 'diktat' enrages students", "text": "ROHTAK: Commerce students of Maharshi Dayanand University are angry over the diktat by their head of department (HoD) against wearing jeans and tops. The students mostly girls accused the acting HoD, Mahender Singh Malik, of improper behaviour and using vulgar language in presence of girls.The aggrieved students on Thursday submitted a written complaint to the vice-chancellor demanding action. Malik, clad in a kurta pyjama clarified that he just wanted students not to wear \"obscene-looking dresses\" and thus \"advised them as a guardian\".He had taken over the charge of the department on Wednesday and reportedly directed students to wear a full-sleeved salwar kameej only. A student group said: \"Immediately after taking over the charge, he started moral policing issuing verbal orders against wearing jeans, tops for girls and T-shirts for boys.\"A second-year girl student alleged that as the chairman of admission committee, he refused to sign her admission form when she appeared before him wearing jeans and shirt on August 1 but admitted her the next day when she came dressed in salwar kameej. Another student said, \"Last year, he kept on pressuring me on wardrobe and I had to complain to my parents. But he refused to listen to my parents.\"In the written complaint signed by 94 students, they alleged: \"He used vulgar language in front of girl students, smokes in the department in the presence of students and puts a lot of restrictions on girls.\"\"The vice-chancellor has assured the girls to look into the complaints and to take action in this regard,\" said registrar S P Vats, adding that there was no ban on wearing any kind of dress including jeans and tops in the university.The registrar, however, clarified that some department like engineering, management and hotel management had a dress code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15427393", "title": "Two held for blackmailing using obscene footage", "text": "COIMBATORE: City police have arrested two youth for allegedly recording obscene footage of an 18-year-old girl and using it to blackmail her for over three months until she mustered the courage to reveal her plight to her parents. A complaint was lodged with Ramanathapuram police and the duo was arrested. The case was later transferred to All Woman Police Station East who arrested and remanded them to custody.\"We seized a cell phone from one of the culprits and found the obscene footage there. We immediately took them into custody based on the complaint of the victim's family,\" said Munira Begum, Inspector, All Woman Police Station (East).According to police, the victim, a resident of GCT colony on Thadagam Road was acquainted with one of the culprits, B Kannan (23). Both were part of a dance troupe that performed at various cultural shows in the city. Three months ago, Kannan, along with his friend M Pradeep (29) lured her into his into his residence, saying she could change her costume there after a dance performance. Both of them secretly recorded her changing on their cell phone.\"Using the footage, they constantly blackmailed her for money. Initially, she obliged but later she began to avoid them. But they went to her house and threatened to upload the footage on the internet if she failed to give them money,\" Munira Begum said. The victim finally decided to confide in her parents and a complaint was registered leading to their arrest on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15429745", "title": "Man held with 2.5kg gold", "text": "JAIPUR: The directorate of revenue intelligence on Thursday arrested a man at Jaipur international airport and seized 2.56 kg gold hidden in his socks.Claiming that they have busted a chain of international black-marketing and hawala gang, they said it was the biggest seizure of gold worth about Rs 75 lakh from the airport in over at least 20 years. The consignment was part of a hawala payment being made by a gang in Dubai. The 40-year old man came here from Muscat.According to sources at the airport, the man, identified as Saiyed Altaf, is a resident of Bhatkal in Karnataka. He was held as soon as he got off the Oman Air flight that arrived at Jaipur from Dubai around 6.28 am.Sources in the DRI said the agency had a tip-off regarding the man carrying gold. \"So we had already laid a trap. As soon as he came to the Customs counter, he was held and taken into custody,\" said an officer.Sources further said that he was thoroughly checked. \"It was found that the man had wrapped heavy gold chains around his feet and calf muscles. He had hidden the gold chains by wearing large socks. \"He was interrogated for almost seven hours at the airport and then taken to DRI office in the city. During investigation. it was revealed that he is a frequent flyer between Dubai and Jaipur and it is definitely not his first attempt at smuggling,\" said the officer.Sources did not rule out the possibility that the gold was to be delivered in Jaipur, however refused to confirm it fearing that it would affect the probe.\"The person is part of a huge network of international smugglers. This is the biggest seizer of gold by DRI at the Jaipur airport in over at least 20 years,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15429018", "title": "Metro stops work, starts safety drill", "text": "The day after a crane crashed at an underground metro station work site on Poonamallee High Road killing a worker and injuring six others, the Chennai metro rail authorities suspended work at all sites and started a safety drive.A team of safety officials attached to the general consultants of the Chennai Metro Rail Limited (CMRL) have started investigations to find out if the accident took place because of mechanical failure or human error. The report will be ready on Friday.\"We have suspended work at all sites for safety checks. As a preventive measure, heavy mechanical equipment like cranes, crab piling rig and cutters, launch girders, concrete placing boom and others will be checked for certification and fitness. Technical staff will carry out a thorough check of components and safety procedures. Works will resume as and when equipment is checked and re-certified,\" said V Somasundaram, chief general manager (construction), CMRL. Metro rail has not fixed a time frame to complete the safety checks.The accident took the metro rail officials by surprise as several safety training programmes and campaigns were conducted for employees and contractors periodically at work sites of underground stations along Poonamallee High Road and Anna Salai. CMRL engineers have informed their contractors that they do not want a repeat of the accident. Meanwhile, a few workers at the Pachaiyappa's College work site claimed that the crawler crane that crashed was an old machine. The contractor building the underground station is a joint venture of Metro Tunnelling, Larsen &amp; Toubro and Shanghai Urban Corporation Group.\"We are trying to find out the life of the crane. Equipment used by the contractors is certified for their worthiness by third party firms approved by the Union government. When machines are brought in, CMRL engineers also inspect them to see if they have documents like manufacturer's certificate, operator's competence certificate, manufacturer's manual and operator's manual. These machines are also checked and tested every month. The accident took place despite all these checks,\" he said. Machines with tall boom are regularly used by metro rail to build underground stations.Trench cutter is used to cut deep trenches to build diaphragm walls, while crawler cranes are used to hoist metal mesh reinforcement and lower it into trenches of 20 metre depth. Cranes that have capacity to handle 120 tonnes and more are used to lower components of tunnel boring machines into deep shafts. \"The officials told us that the crane has a capacity to haul 70 tonnes. Investigations are on to find out the reason for the accident,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15428914", "title": "Tribal forum call to restore peace in riot-hit Bodoland", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Indian Confederation of Indigenous and Tribal People's (ICITP) Northeast Zone has appealed to all communities to help in bringing peace to western Assam on the occasion of 18th International Day of the World's Indigenous People on Thursday.The Bodoland Terrritorial Council (BTC) areas and Dhubri district in western are in turmoil since the outbreak of ethnic clashes last month. So far 77 people have been killed and over four lakh people have been affected. ICITP chief adviser Jebra Ram Muchahary said all communities would be engaged in pursuing and bringing peace in trouble-torn western Assam through dialogue.\"Violence reaps no benefit. So, our humble appeal on the 18th International Day of the World's Indigenous People is that all communities should get involved in bringing peace to western Assam,\" said Muchahary.Members of ICITP and violence-affected families organized a candlelight prayer in Kokrajhar on the occasion for peace and expressing solidarity with other indigenous people across the world. Muchahary also demanded stopping marginalization of indigenous people of Assam through population migration attempts.\"There is a conspiracy going on to marginalize indigenous people through population migration of non-indigenous people not only in BTC but in the entire state. This design should be stopped as indigenous people are on the verge of getting marginalized by losing their rights over land,\" said Muchahary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15431838", "title": "Om Puri plays Maoist Kobad Ghandy", "text": "Prakash Jha's best-kept secret in his new film Chakravyuha exploring Maoist insurgency is out. Om Puri plays the real-life character of the controversial capitalist-turned-Maoist Kobad Ghandy.Ghandy's fascinating journey from Malabar Hill to the Naxalite jungles of Karnataka has flummoxed fascinated and fired the imagination of generations of social scientists. At 63 Ghandy's saga continues to be in enigma of social protest and insurgency.Apparently unknown to anyone Om Puri deeply studied Kobad's life and career before playing the character modelled on Kobad Ghandy, and came away deeply impressed.Says a source close to the project, \"Prakash Jha's original plan was to take elements from Kobad Ghandy's life and incorporate it into Om Puri's character. But Om got progressively drawn into Kobad Ghandy's life and teachings and urged Prakash to make his character as close to Kobad as possible.\"Om who's currently in Canada is guarded but doesn't deny the parallels. \"I can't deny that my character is akin to Kobad Ghandi. I play a professor and an educationist who gives up a cushy life to become a Maoist.\"At the risk of again offending his political detractors, Om admits he is impressed and influenced by Kobad Ghandy's teachings. \"I truly believe in what Kobad said about the poor. Kobad said, 'I don't believe in a democracy that doesn't respect the poor.' I believe that. However I don't subscribe to the Maoists' means of bringing social change. I don't think blowing up railway tracks and damaging public property is the solution. Surely there has to be a less violent means to bring about social change.\"Om doesn't fear the backlash that he might have to face for playing such a controversial character. \"I truly believe Maoists are not terrorists but rebels. Having said that I play a character in the film. And my own beliefs are separate from the characters that I believe. But if people see my voice speaking in unison with Kobad Ghandy about social equality then I don't mind his ideology being attributed to me.\"Prakash Jha was guarded in comparing Om Puri with Kobad Ghandy, \"It's too risky to compare characters in our films to real-life people. Someone somewhere is bound to get angry. So let's just say people are free to read similarities between Om's character and the gentleman you've mentioned.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15431735", "title": "Theatre groups team up to promote Bengali plays", "text": "There's welcome news for theatre groups that have mostly seen break-ups and factions sprouting up in recent times. Four theatre groups in and around the city are coming together under the moniker of Bratyajan. Steeped in the theatre philosophy of Bratya Basu 'Bratyajan' and the trends that he had started, the four groups \u2014 Ashokenagar Bratyajan, Howrah Bratyajan, Khardah Bratyajan and Ballygunj Bratyajan \u2014 are all set to take Bengali theatre places.Says Avi Chakraborty of Ashokenagar Natyamukh who is starting his Ashokenagar Bratyajan, \"We initiated this plan around three months ago. After several discus sions, a common theme emerged. We spoke to Bratya Basu and he encouraged us to go ahead. I had done his \"Winkle Twinkle\" in the districts in 2004 and have a long association with him. Our theatre philosophy is greatly influenced by his works like \"Aranyadev\",\"Mukhomukhi Boshibar\" and \"Ashalin\".\" Ashokenagar Bratyajan is preparing a play, \"Operation 2014\" that will soon hit the stage.\"Debasish Biswas of Howrah Bratyajan was with Sayak since 1985, till he left it in 2001. He then acted in \"Ruddhasangeet\". \"There are a lot of ego problems and jealousy among theatre groups. We thought of breaking this trend and coming to a common platform. Our first play, \"Jayoman\" is almost ready,\" he says.The disintegration of theatre groups only to re-emerge as smaller factions is not a recent trend though. A case in point is Nandikar, from which groups like Theatre workshop, Nandipat emerged.Debasish Roy of Khardah Bratyajan has worked with Bratya Basu since 2000, when he choreographed his play \"Sahariya\", that went to the NSD. \"I also choreographed his \"Page 4\" and designed the set for \"Bubbly\". We were greatly inspired by his theatre philosophy. There's a common theme in Bratya's plays that may be called Neo naturalism,\" he says. But does it have anything to do with the fact that he's a minister now? \"We've known Bratya even when he was nothing. This plan \u2014 of coming together \u2014 was conceived long ago. But it has only materialized now. Our first play \" Sree Charaneshu Patajhara\" is based on the life of Jagadish Bose,\" Roy adds.Bijoy Mukherjee of Ballygunj Bratyajan, however, thinks it's more about Bratya's natyadhara, chintan and biplabiana. \"He broke rigid norms to bring about new socio-political trends in theatre. We wish to continue this trend. Earlier we weren't aware of the government patronage and grants that could be availed of. There's a lot more transparency in the system now and it will help us do good work,\" he says.The Bratyajans will make a formal announcement later this week about their decision of coming together. Until then, may the show go on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15428710", "title": "Tannery worker\u2019s death in accident leads to brick-batting", "text": "KANPUR: A 27-year-old tannery worker died in an accident near Motinagar close to Jajmau police outpost, under the jurisdiction of Chakeri police, on Thursday.An irate mob caught the driver of the truck involved in the accident and tried to set the vehicle on fire. Chaos prevailed in the area for hours.The worker was identified as Sharafatullah, a native of Motihari in Bihar used to stay at Chabileypurwa in Jajmau. He was standing in front of his house when a truck hit him. The man was rushed to a hospital where he died.A mob gathered at the spot and created ruckus. They resorted to heavy brick-batting and damaged the vehicle involved in the accident. The crowd tried to set the truck on fire.The mob chased the truck and managed to nab the driver. The driver identified as Munna was severely thrashed.Chakeri police reached the spot. Senior district and police officials, accompanied by police and PAC, reached there and pacified the mob. The body was sent for post-mortem examination. A case has been filed against the truck driver with the Chakeri police. Traffic remained paralysed for hours.Security has been beefed up in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15428850", "title": "100% health benefits for ex-corporators?", "text": "PUNE: Around 500 corporators and their life-partners want the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) to bear their medical expenses.The women and child welfare committee of the civic body recently approved the proposal that former corporators and their partners should be given 100% medical benefits, as enjoyed by the sitting corporators. According to the existing PMC health scheme, former corporator get 50% of the medical or hospitalisation bills for themselves from the civic body and their partners are not entitled to any benefit.The proposal will come up for discussion in the standing committee on Tuesday. The city has about 500 former corporators and if the proposal is approved, former corporators and their partners will get 100% free medical treatment. As a result, the PMC will have to pay for healthcare of 1,000 people at the cost of tax payer's money.Every year, the PMC allocates a budget of around Rs 10 crore for health schemes for sitting and former corporators and current and former civic employees. Sitting and former corporators and civic employees make maximum use of the health scheme and last year, the civic administration diverted funds from Below Poverty Line ( BPL ) health scheme to treat corporators and employees.The PMC administration and elected representatives had then claimed that poor people in the city do not avail benefits of the health scheme and so the funds allocated for the poor should be used for the corporators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15429937", "title": "Inter-collegiate swimming contest from Aug 13", "text": "MANGALORE: National swimmer Sanketh Bengre will inaugurate Mangalore University inter-collegiate swimming competition 2012-13, which will be held under the aegis of St Agnes College and the department of physical education, Mangalore University at Mangala Swimming Pool, Lalbagh on August 13.Karnataka Bank general manager Meera Aranha will be the guest while college principal Marie Prem D'Souza will preside. Mangalore University director of physical education H Nagalingappa will be the guest at the valedictory ceremony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15427288", "title": "Govt officials, Delhi doctor were rogue cops\u2019 targets", "text": "NEW DELHI: The two Delhi Police constables arrested for kidnapping a UP engineer had planned to extort money from other government officials too. The duo had prepared fake arrest warrants of at least three more government servants in UP and a Delhi doctor, and were going to slap false cases of disproportionate assets against them, the Rampur police has said. Meanwhile, Delhi Police has suspended the constables.\"The cops had planned to target a circle officer of BSNL in Dadri, a senior officer of the UP Power Corporation Limited who lives in Vaishali and another power official in Ghaziabad. A doctor based in Delhi was also on their list,\" said IG Devendra Singh Chauhan. This is not all. The constables told interrogators that before kidnapping Bansal, they used the same modus operandi to extort Rs 30 lakh each from Pramod Gupta and Harish Arora, both Rajasthan-based businessman. They have doled out another Rs 50 lakh from a businessman in east Delhi.The UP police has said that the duo admitted to accepting bribes from those accused of cheating. \"The cops said they recently received money from a couple of men arrested by the crime branch for their involvement in a fake cellphone tower racket. They claimed that they had let the accused go after instructions from an inspector. However their claims are yet to be verified. We have asked Delhi Police to probe this angle,\" said an investigating officer.Police are also trying to trace the owner of the car used for the kidnapping. \"We have found that the car doesn't belong to Ajay, contrary to earlier claims. Ajay had borrowed the car from someone else,\" added the officer.A senior crime branch official said, \"While Mukesh was on leave after his elder brother \u2014 who was also with Delhi Police \u2014 passed away, Ajay was absent for the past three days. We have ordered an ACP-level officer to probe the case further. However, the rumour of an inspector being involved is not true as it was the same officer who had recommended that the duo be moved out of the crime branch unit before he went on. DCP (crime) Sanjay Jain has also said that an internal probe is being conducted to look into all aspects of the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15429084", "title": "Oxfam India relief for over 80,000 people", "text": "GUWAHATI: Oxfam India has is providing support to around 80,400 flood-affected people (12,000 households) in the districts of Morigaon, Nagaon, Sonitpur, Jorhat and Golaghat. The first phase of their programme is reaching out to 50,000 people in Morigaon, Sonitpur and Nagaon districts while it aims to reach out to 30,000 people (4,000 households) in the second phase of its response programme.\"Although the government has initiated a response, many flood-affected people still require assistance. The areas affected by floods require proper sanitation among other things,\" Nisha Agrawal, CEO of Oxfam India, said, adding that emergency livelihood assistance is a critical requirement since people have lost majority of their assets as well as crops. Hundreds of displaced people need proper rehabilitation.\"Oxfam India is working closely with two local partners-Morigaon Mahila Mehfil (MMM) in Morigaon and Nagaon districts and Promotion and Advancement of Justice, Harmony and Rights of Adivasis (PAJHRA) in Sonitpur district-covering approximately 40 villages within the three districts of Assam.Oxfam is working on supplying clean water and sanitation to nearly 80,400 people affected by the recent floods.\"We are providing relief to thousands of flood-affected people. This includes water sanitation as it is most important for survival. Due to the intermittent rains, rivers are still flowing above the danger mark and large areas of land are still underwater. Key breaches in embankments are yet to be fully repaired and so the danger of further flooding still poses a major risk,\" Zubin Zaman, humanitarian response programme manager, Oxfam India said.Oxfam India announced that it would also attempt to provide aid to another 4,000 households in Jorhat and Golaghat districts soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15431694", "title": "Google India employees to soon get hefty death benefits", "text": "NEW DELHI: Google's employees, who are used to being pampered in the workplace with the choicest fun and games, are in line for generous death benefits unlike those offered by any private employer.The family of a 'Googler' who dies in harness will get half the employee's salary for 10 years, a plan that came into effect for US employees of the technology company last year. Indian staff will become eligible soon, spokeswoman Paroma Roy Chowdhury said, but did not indicate when.\"It's extremely generous and pretty much unheard of,\" remarked Anandorup Ghose, director of compensation at Aon Hewitt, a human resources consulting firm. \"It resembles the kind of perks that the spouse of a government employee or armed forces personnel would get.\"In addition to a decade of support with the salary for employee's family, Google is throwing in other death benefits. Any stock options will vest immediately, letting the bereaved family sell or transfer the stock as they please. Moreover, the employee's children will each receive $1,000 every month till they reach 19, or 23 in the case of a full-time student.Google regularly tops the list of global and Indian surveys on the best places to work. Its Hyderabad office, where the company says it employs \"a few more than the number of bits in 100 bytes\", is equipped with an indoor cricket pitch, an outdoor basketball court and even a massage centre.The company's largesse is in stark contrast to the scenario among Indian technology services companies. Most of them have only offered pay hikes in the single digits. Infosys, the second-largest software exporter with about $4 billion in cash, did not do even that - it has frozen pay for its 1.5 lakh staff until market conditions improve.Hiring at Google is driven by consensus, with at least four interviewers meeting a candidate. Those in programming jobs must be ready to write software code on a board with Google engineers, something of a contest. It employs 34,000 staff globally.Its 'Googleplex' headquarters in Mountain View, California, is the lap of luxury. It welcomes employees with free food, a swimming pool, a conference bike and even free haircuts on site.Google, which has nearly $42 billion in cash, has three other offices in India in Bangalore, Mumbai and Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15428893", "title": "PCMC asks state to take up issue of no development zone with defence min", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) has urged the state government to take up the issue of no-development zone around the Dehu Ammunition Depot with the defence ministry. The work of the slum rehabilitation project in sector 22 has been stopped as the area under the no-development zone is yet to be demarcated clearly.Municipal commissioner Shrikar Pardeshi said, \"The no-development zone affects large parts of Pimpri-Chinchwad city. The areas in the municipal jurisdiction, along with the Talawade IT Park, also come in the areas affected by the zone. Therefore, we have requested the chief minister to follow up issue with the defence ministry. We have sent a written letter in this regard to the state government.\"The PCMC is implementing a slum rehabilitation project under the JNNURM in sector 22 of Nigdi, which is close to the Dehu Road cantonment limits. Sector 26 comes under the development control of the Pimpri Chinchwad New Township Development Authority.The municipal corporation has plans to construct 11,760 tenements, of which 1,000 tenements have already been constructed.Shiv Sena corporator Seema Savale had filed a petition in the high court against the PCMC saying that the corporation has violated the no development rules. The high court has directed the collector to file a compliance report. The next hearing in the case will be in mid-September.Speaking to TOI, Yogesh Mhase, chief executive officer, PCNTDA, said: \"We do not know exactly how much area of our limits is affected by the no development zone. We have prepared a tentative map of the areas in our limits that are expected to be affected. We have temporarily stopped giving building permissions to new constructions in the areas that are affected by the no development zone, as per the tentative map.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "15428012", "title": "Kerala lifts title at fourth national dragon boat race", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: Kerala won the overall title in the 4th National Dragon Boat Race that concluded in Alappuzha on Thursday. The two-day dragon boat race has races in nine categories and Kerala won six of them. MLA G Sudhakaran distributed prizes to the winners at Punnamada at 3 pm. Former MLA's A A Shukkoor and K K Shaju, Dragon Boat Association of Kerala president Thomas Joseph, secretary K S Reji , treasurer K S Antony and Alappuzha municipal councillor S Sidhakumar spoke on the occasion. Jammu and Kashmir won the 250-m men's competition on Thursday.Kerala and Madhya Pradesh came second and third respectively. In women's category, Kerala bagged the first place while West Bengal came second and Bihar finished third. In the mixed competition, Kerala won the race followed by Jammu and state water transport department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15431442", "title": "Hair DNA helps nailing stadium blasts accused", "text": "BANGALORE: A strand of hair found on a defused bomb at Chinnaswamy Stadium here on April 17, 2010 helped police establish the identity of a terrorist who planted it.Two of the eight bombs at the stadium went off during an IPL T20 cricket match, injuring 15 persons. A Bangalore police official said the hair was of Mohammed Qateel Siddiqui, 30, one of five men arrested by a special cell of the New Delhi police in November 2010. Siddiqqui was killed in a brawl in Pune central jail. According to the official, four stands of hair were found on an unexploded bomb in front of Gate No. 1 of the stadium.One had a hair follicle or hair bulb which contained live DNA, a sample of which had been stored for investigation. After Delhi police arrested four terrorists, Bangalore police sought custody of three of them. City police collected the samples of the three terrorists and sent them to the forensic lab here.By the time the lab confirmed he'd planted the bomb, he died in the jail brawl. \"The lab results came in mid-May and will be added to the chargesheet,\" said T Suneel Kumar, additional commissioner of police (law &amp; order). Police got the hair strands following panic among the terrorists - they'd fumbled while plugging in the detonator pencils in six of the eight bombs.Siddiqui, a native of Bihar, had been asked to assist locals in executing the blasts. He was with prime accused Yasin Bhatkal and others when the bombs were prepared near Tumkur on April 16, 2010. The next day, Siddiqui and others were asked by their handlers to move to the city. One of the terrorists who carried the bombs in a bag had been told to go to the Bangaloure bus stand. He went missing and ended up joining his associates at the City railway station. This caused some disarray in the terrorists' plans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15428280", "title": "Academicians take aim at govt", "text": "BANGALORE: The government's move to give politicians overarching powers to control the Rajiv Gandhi University of Health Sciences (RGUHS) has drawn criticism from academicians.It's an open secret that a senate seat is worth lakhs.Says Dr Chikkananjappa, former Bangalore University syndicate member: \"There's no university in the world without a syndicate. The syndicate should be the ultimate decision-making body. I don't know how the university will benefit with this new system. It'll become like another government department.\"According to Dr S Kantha, the first VC of RGUHS, \"It's suicidal not just for the university but for medical education in the state. I was the first VC of the university. I know how difficult it is to establish one.\"Another former VC, Dr R Chandrashekhara, says: \"The changes will hinder financial and academic autonomy of the varsity. RGUHS is financially self-sufficient; now, the university will lose this freedom. The chancellor's power is reduced and the minister will be all-powerful. It's common knowledge that more administrators mean more confusion. Aren't we seeing it in Bangalore University?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15426613", "title": "Honda management-workers\u2019 talks fail", "text": "GURGAON: Another round of negotiations between Honda Motorcycle and Scooter India (HMSI) management and the workers' union - both of whom are at loggerheads over the recent suspension of two workers at the Manesar plant - ended in a stalemate on Thursday.After the talks held on August 7 in Gurgaon's labour department offices, this was the second attempt made by the two parties to find some common ground in the matter.On August 1, two workers, one of them an executive member of the workers' union, were suspended on the grounds of \"manhandling and assaulting\" a senior manager in the logistics department of the plant. Soon, the issue heated up, with the local union demanding their immediate reinstatement.\"We had the meeting today with officials of the lower management present. They said that a chargesheet has been filed against the two persons, and that they have also been asked to respond and explain what exactly happened on that day,\" said Ashok Yadav, president of the Honda Motor Cycle and Scooter India Employees Union. It was made clear at the meeting that the management's decision whether or not to retain the workers would depend on the response they receive to the chargesheets.Union members have rubbished the allegations of manhandling made by the management, and say that the dispute only had to do with sanctioning of leave and overtime. \"One of the permanent workers, Naresh Yadav, who also had several contract workers with him, was told to work a day after Raksha Bandhan. He disagreed, and the matter reached the union. And two days later he, along with our executive member Jaibeer Yadav, was suspended. There was no manhandling,\" the union president added.The union body also held an internal meeting later in the day, in which it was decided that it will take up the matter with the HMSI director on Saturday. \"We want to resolve this peacefully. But we also believe that the internal inquiry that the management is holding is an unfair way to investigate this case,\" said Harjeet Grover, general secretary of the union.HMSI management also confirmed that they were awaiting the suspended workers' response to the chargesheets. \"The management is awaiting their reply before taking any final decision.\"The HMSI representatives added that the union has been trying unfairly to link the present crisis with the issue of their three-yearly long-term settlement, which is due this year. \"HMSI Employees Union is pressuring the management to withdraw suspension and take a lenient view on the matter while trying to link it up with the long-term settlement. The issue at hand is purely of indiscipline and cannot be overlooked,\" the company's official statement added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "keshpur", "code": "15427483", "title": "Trinamool bleeds in Keshpur faction fight", "text": "KESHPUR: Faction fight in the Trinamool Congress turned into a battle with bombs and bullets in trouble-torn Keshpur injuring two party supporters and leading to the arrest of six.Sporadic violence has been on for three days but on Thursday a gunfight broke out in Keshpur's Khejurboni. Police said Trinamool workers Mir Hasan Ali and Sekhawat Ali were injured by bullets or bomb splinters. and are being treated at Midnapore Medical College.The rival factions are led by Trinamool block president Ashish Pramanik and his predecessor Chitta Ghorai. The first signs of trouble were noticed on Tuesday when Hasan and Sekhawat - who owe allegiance to Ghorai - tried to stop two members of the rival faction from extorting local traders in the party's name.This triggered a fierce clash, which ended only with police intervention. Four persons were arrested. The Pramanik faction was apparently biding time to hit back. On Thursday morning, several armed people attacked Hasan, Sekhawat and their aides. Hasan's brother Jiaul and Sekhawat's brother Jahangir alleged that they were targeted by Pramanik's supporters for protesting against extortion.West Midnapore SP Sunil Chowdhury refused to comment on any political angle. \"There are reports of clashes. We are investigating the case. One person has been arrested,\" he said.Ghorai alleged that the attack was perpetrated by unknown miscreants, while Pramanik accused CPM supporters and even called it \"CPM infighting\". But it is apparent that senior Trinamool leaders are losing patience over the Keshpur faction feud. Tamluk MP Subhendu Adhikari acknowledged that Trinamool Youth Congress block president Sk Al Haaj was also among those injured. \"I urge the police to take strong action against the perpetrators of this attack, whoever they are,\" Adhikari said. Trinamool district president Dinen Roy said he would enquire into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15426350", "title": "Remove district categorization: CII", "text": "INDORE: Though the industry has welcomed the announcement of a host of actions to be taken by the state government, it wants that the same must be translated into reality as well.R S Goswami, chairman, CII MP, said, \"Our first demand is the categorization of district must be removed with immediate effect while framing industrial policies. Secondly, we want that the number of beneficiaries of Laghu Udyog Nigam's government purchasing programme must be increased to 10,000, from the currently existing mark of 1000.\"Ashok Badjatya, Association of Industries, Madhya Pradesh, said, \"The SSIs are not getting proper support in forms like price difference and quality upgradation. There are many hiccups between policy announcement and actual benefits which the industries in the state get from the state government.\"Addressing an interactive session, which was held by CII at Bhopal recently, RK Chaturvedi, commissioner industries, Govt of Madhya Pradesh had said that his department was working on a single portal for procurement which will be integrated and all departments, manufacturers, third party inspectors and also the payment will be done through this platform.Mitesh Raghuvanshi, spokesperson, Association of Industries, Dewas, said, \"I'd like to appreciate it. The only thing that our experience says that so far possibility of implementation has been not more than 20-25%\".Susheel Sureka, secretary, Ahilya Chamber of Commerce &amp; Industry, said, \"All the promises made by the industry commissioner are very good. But, they must be implemented in full\".Ranjan Memani, vice chairman, CII MP, said, \"The infrastructure of various industrial areas in the state must be upgraded on priority basis. Secondly, there should be no export tax (currently it stands at 0.2% of total sales turnover) for any kind of export taking place from the state.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "15428535", "title": "Students protest move for indirect polls in Himachal Pradesh University", "text": "SHIMLA: The tentative decision of the varsity authorities to hold indirect elections in Himachal Pradesh University has drawn flak from the students in HPU campus and different colleges of Shimla as protest movement against the decision is gaining momentum. Varsity authorities were contemplating indirect elections this time, apprehending violent clashes during the poll.HPU conducts student body elections in more than 150 colleges across the state along with its main campus every year in mid-August, in which over three lakh students participate. All the outfits have warned of massive agitations if the decision is not rolled back.The leftist outfit Students Federation of India (SFI) had given call for a massive rally to protest the decision in the HPU campus and colleges on Thursday. At a meeting attended by nearly 800 students near the library in HPU campus, SFI leaders criticized the decision, while raising slogans against the authorities, besides gheraoing the principals in their respective colleges in Shimla. Meanwhile, activists of ABVP also burned the effigy of vice-chancellor of HPU and raised slogans against the decision.ABVP state secretary Ajay Bherta said, \"Varsity authorities are taking this step to mask its corrupt practices in the campus.\" Leaders of ABVP and SFI said in unison that even state assembly elections are not bereft of violence. ABVP leaders have also warned that if the decision to hold indirect elections is implemented, the outfit would work on \"mission delete\" in the state assembly elections.Meanwhile, varsity authorities have beefed up security in the campus as more than 150 police personnel were deployed in the campus on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "15426609", "title": "Pupils bash up professor for misbehaviour", "text": "KALYAN: A college professor of Adarsh Arts and Commerce College in Badlapur was beaten up on Thursday for allegedly misbehaving with a student.The committee will conduct an inquiry into the matter and submit its report within a week. The accused who had retired some years ago had been brought back, students claimed. CCTV footage is also being checked to ascertain what transpired on campus. \"The allegation against the professor is serious, however, he maintains his innocence,\" said Tushar Apte, vice-president of the college committee.However if sources to be believes then Dr Narkhede who has completed doctorate from social science subject is known as very good professor in college even though he was retired but on college request he was teaching at Adarsh Arts and Commerce college.On Thursday after learning about the incident the local Badlapur east police has also reached on the spot but as no one had filed complaint in to the matter police team return back without filing any FIR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15426590", "title": "Handlooms weave a success story", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: At a time when there is a huge demand for embroidered georgette and chiffon sarees, handloom weaves of Odisha have made a strong comeback. Boyanika has had an average annual turnover of Rs 50 crore, after it was restructured in 2007.In the last five years, Odissi handlooms have become an epitome of elegance, sophistication and beauty. The weaves are being preferred because these can be worn both in summer and winter. There is also an array of materials to choose from and these can be made into salwar-kameezes, kurtas, handkerchiefs, scarves and sarees.\"The revival of Boyanika was possible because of the innovative approach of weavers. One can even find designer wear in handlooms today. When it became tough for weavers to sell their product, the government stepped in. Now Boyanika is a successful brand in India and abroad and we have plans to open many new outlets and export to Sri Lanka and Fiji ,\" said S R Sahu, managing director of Boyanika.Boyanika has set a target turnover of Rs 80 crore this financial year. \"Of the total target of Rs 80 crore, we are expecting Rs 62 crore from fabrics and Rs 18 crore from yarn. After restructuring in 2007, the target for 2015-16 was Rs 50 crore, but we crossed it,\" Sahu said.In the last few years, Boyanika has tried to give a contemporary touch to traditional handloom fabrics by roping in fashion designers and producing new items. The traditional handloom fabrics used are the famous tie and dye fabric popularly known as Ikat, and the Kotpad vegetable dyed fabrics, the elegant Bomkai cotton and silk. \"To compete with other players in the international market and to reach out to customers, Boyanika will launch online shopping from this year,\" Sahu said.Besides, the successful marketing of products by organizing exhibitions in and outside the state has been a main reason for the promotion and sale of handloom products, official sources said. Boyanika has organized 47 exhibitions outside and 50 inside the state to sell handloom products worth Rs 163.17 lakh and Rs 429.93 lakh respectively. \"A major chunk of our profit comes from exhibitions. It also benefits the weavers directly as they get the discounted amount reimbursed from the government and get a platform to interact with customers directly,\" Sahu said.The ongoing handloom exhibition at exhibition ground here gave an idea of the popularity and demand of Odissi handlooms. A rich collection of sarees, dress materials, bedsheets and home furnishing in Khandua, Bomkai, Bandha, Ikat, Sambalpuri silk are on display here. There are as many as 965 affiliated societies and 115 members under Boyanika with over one lakh weavers across the state. It has 41 branches across India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "15428796", "title": "Three arrested inland-grabbing case", "text": "AURANGABAD: The economic offences wing of the Aurangabad police has arrested three persons and is searching for two women for their involvement in a land grabbing case in Deolai in Aurangabad.Ushadevi Nandkishor Daima (56) told the police that she jointly owns two plots (139 sq metres in all) in Deolai with her sister-in-law Santoshidevi Harishankar Daima. As per the complaint, Swapnil Bhaskar Bankar (28) of Chandmari in Nandanvan Colony, and his accomplices sold these plots to a woman from Nanded by preparing a fake power of attorney.Bankar was arrested on Wednesday evening while two of his accomplices - Nagesh Somnath Thorat (28) of Harsul and Dayanand Murlidhar Nade (27) of Labour Colony, were arrested on Thursday. \"We are on the look out for two women who impersonated Ushadevi and Santoshidevi at the registrar's office to get a general power of attorney in the name of Bankar,'' said inspector Avinash Aghav, in-charge of the economic offences wing.Aghav said the episode came to light in May 2012 when Ushadevi, a resident of Pratapgadnagar, Cidco, got a call from a man who objected to her fencing the two plots. He claimed to be the brother of one Kiran Baldava, who he said had bought the two plots in 2010. He told Ushadevi that a man by the name Swapnil Bankar had sold these plots to his sister for Rs 5.5 lakh.\"When Ushadevi made enquiries on her own, she found out that in 2010 two women impersonated her sister-in-law and herself at the registrar's office to get a power of attorney in favour of Bankar. The plots were subsequently sold to Kiran Baldava of Nanded. Bankar had also opened a fake joint account in the name of Ushadevi and Santoshidevi at the district central cooperative bank on May 7, 2010 to get the deal money,\" Aghav said.The police have secured photographs of the two absconding women from the bank and have launched a search to arrest them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15426870", "title": "State selects six contractors for waterway plan", "text": "MUMBAI: Is the much-touted water transport for Mumbai commuters now just 18 to 24 months away?Providing a significant push to proposed passenger water transport services on the western and eastern coasts of the city, the state government on Thursday selected six contractors to whom it will award a Rs 1,150-crore cash contract to construct nine passenger water terminals (PWT). The cash contract will help reduce the fare for the water transport services, as commuters will only end up paying for the operational costs of the catamarans instead of the cost of constructing the terminals.Earlier, there were plans to privatize this service, which would have cost commuters a lot. The PWTs will come up at Nariman Point, Juhu, Bandra, Versova, Borivli and Marve on the west coast and at Ferry Wharf, Nerul and Mandwa on the east coast. An elevated road connecting Ferry Wharf to P D'Mello road will be built to ensure faster access to cars. Developers were approved at an Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation.The meet also finalised the tender to be floated to build 10 km Bandra-Versova sea link at a cost of Rs 4300 crore and suggested three different options to build Worli-Haji Ali sea link- either on build operate and transfer (BOT) basis, on cash-contract or by securatising (which means taking entire cost of link construction and toll for a certain period well in advance).\"All these decisions will now go before the infrastructure sub-committee of the state, headed by CM Prithviraj Chavan, which will take the final decision. However, the water transport project has arrived at a very decisive level, as once the formal green signal is given by the sub-committee, work orders will be issued to developers to start actual construction by October,\" Mantralaya sources said. While the west coast project will only involve passenger transport, on the east coast cars belonging to passengers will also be transported (known as roll-off and roll-on, or ro-ro, service).\"This contract is only for the construction of the terminals. Contracts for operation of catamarans and hovercrafts will be awarded later after another tendering process,\" a senior MSRDC official said.Formal approval of the infra sub-committee will be taken soon. Construction period for the terminals varies from 18 to 24 months.Each terminal will have four to eight berths or jetties to accommodate the most number of catamarans and hovercrafts. Catamarans will be able at 15-30 minute intervals. The capacity of catamarans on the east coast will be 70 cars and 400 passengers, while on the west coast it could be around 300 passengers.All these terminal buildings will not have any commercial facilities like shops and restaurants, thus avoiding their commercialization. \"Terminals will only have arrival and departure wings, ticket counters, first-aid facilities and toilets,\" said a senior official. The total travel time for passengers on both the waterfronts (i.e. from Nariman Point to Borivli and Ferry Wharf to Nerul) would be around one hour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15427135", "title": "Gopal Kanda: A dropout's rise to wealth and power", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Electrician, shoe shop owner, real estate broker, industrialist, car dealer, Tara Baba devotee, airline owner and politician \u2014 former Haryana minister Gopal Kanda has worn many hats in his eventful career.Although he started on an unremarkable and not very promising note by dropping out of school, he managed to succeed in his many ventures with boundless ambition and canny networking.Kanda's first venture, in the early '80s, was a TV repair shop in Sirsa, a stronghold of former Haryana CM Om Prakash Chautala. Kanda's brother Govind, who played a key role in his meteoric rise, was also a stakeholder in this shop. Next, he tried his hand at the footwear business by starting a factory, and a showroom called Shoe Camp. The slipper factory was sealed in 1993 for default on a Rs 11 lakh loan.Kanda finally struck gold in Gurgaon with the help of a powerful IAS officer. Kanda jumped into the real estate business, starting with a brokerage firm. Haryana's 'change of land use' ( CLU ) laws came as a godsend for him as he became a facilitator for business houses and realtors to convert agriculture land into housing or commercial properties. He started investing in real estate and within a few years turned into a developer of housing societies.In 2005, he developed interest in designer clothes and opened a showroom for women's apparel. Soon he started exporting clothes.Around this time, he developed contacts with INLD leaders, especially the Chautalas. With an eye on politics, in 2006, Kanda went back to his hometown Sirsa and latched on to the popularity of Tara Baba, a popular god man in the region. He turned the Baba's hut into a big temple. His 4-acre palatial house is situated very close to the Baba's temple in Sirsa.Kanda's ambitions took wing in 2007 when he set up his own airlines in the name of his father, Murli Dhar Lakh Ram (MDLR).In 2008, his offices were raided by income tax officials in Gurgaon and Sirsa . His 17 aides were convicted by a Sirsa court in this case. When the airline ran up losses, Kanda pursued his political dream. But INLD supremo Om Prakash Chautala was reluctant to give him a ticket for the assembly elections.He decided to contest as an independent from Sirsa (City) constituency in October 2009. He won the poll using his image as a donor and his association with Tara Baba.The poll results gave Kanda the opportunity to play king maker in Haryana. Congress managed to win only 40 seats in a House of 90, falling short by six seats to absolute majority. Kanda roped in the support of six independent MLAs and helped Congress form the government in Haryana. He was rewarded with the post of minister of state for home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15427350", "title": "300 emus die of starvation in Tamil Nadu", "text": "COIMBATORE: Over 300 exotic emu birds died for want of feed and water at the main supply centre of Perundurai-based Susi Emu Farms at Kaniyoor near Sathyamangalam on Thursday, three days after the company managing director M S Guru went underground along with family members and seven senior colleagues to evade arrest in the multi-crore investment scam. With the disappearance of Guru and police receiving more than 1200 complaints from cheated investors, over 15,000 emu birds remained virtually abandoned in two supply centres without feed and water.Investigating officials said on Thursday that the surviving birds were found eating the carcasses of the dead in the absence of feed. Erode District Collector V K Shanmugham intervened and contacted Dindigul-based feed supplier Jayamohan to ensure feeds for the next seven days. Jayamohan was initially reluctant to send the feed as Guru had to clear a pending arrear of Rs 3 crore. On the collector's promise to make alternative arrangements, Jayamohan sent the feed by evening and the birds were rescued from starvation.According to the collector, over 1200 written complaints have been received so far by police from cheated investors of Susi Farms. A massive raid was conducted on the premises of the firm in Perundurai on Thursday and officials have seized incriminating evidences. All offices of Susi Farms have been closed for the last three days, soon after the promoters went underground, switching off their cell phones.Susi has cheated more than 11,000 people from Tamil Nadu , Kerala, Karnataka, Andhra, Puducherry and some parts of North India. We have been receiving complaints about two other leading players, Queen Emu Farms and Sugi Emu Farms,\" he said.Meanwhile, District Revenue Officer S Ganesh appealed to cheated investors to approach their local police station with written complaints. In Perundurai, we will accept complaints only from residents of Erode district and those hailing from other states. It will be difficult for us to handle complaints of victims across the state as most of our time is being spent on helping complainants prepare written petitions,\" he said.According to him, all vehicles and movable and immovable properties of Susi farms have been seized by authorities on Thursday. Efforts are on to attach properties of the firm, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15427573", "title": "SC notice to CBI on Jaganmohan Reddy's bail plea in disproportionate assets case", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Thursday issued notice to the CBI on an appeal filed by YSR Congress chief Jaganmohan Reddy challenging a high court order refusing to grant him bail in a disproportionate assets case.A bench of Justices Aftab Alam and Ranjana Desai, however, refused to entertain Reddy's other petition challenging the grounds of his arrest. On July 23, Reddy had withdrawn his bail plea which was listed before the bench of Justices T S Thakur and F M I Kalifulla.Jagan had said that he was summoned by CBI as a witness to depose in the case but was arrested on the ground that he was a sitting MP and a powerful person who could tamper with evidence and witnesses. However, in its arrest memo filed before the court, the CBI mentioned that arrest was necessitated because he did not cooperate with the investigation and gave evasive answers. Reddy had challenged the arrest saying the CBI's logic was contradictory.Reddy was arrested after the CBI probe, which was ordered by the Andhra Pradesh HC on a petition by a Congress MLA. In the petition, filed four months after Reddy broke away from Congress, the legislator had accused him of amassing assets hugely disproportionate to his legal sources of income. The CBI filed the charge-sheet on March 31 and arrested Reddy on May 27.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15428484", "title": "Fakes make big brands hire detectives", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Rising duplicity and adulteration of their products is forcing big companies, based in Delhi and Mumbai to hire private security agencies to check fraudsters. This trend of hiring these agencies has been observed in recent months in Chandigarh.The UT police on Tuesday arrested two traders, who were running a factory, manufacturing duplicate cold drinks of brands like Pepsi, Coke, Frooti, besides beer. The unearthing of the scam has also highlighted that selling of adulterated cold drinks by using names of big brands, was not new to Chandigarh as this illegal 'business' has been going on since the last three-four years. However, big companies like Pepsi knew about the duplicity but they were unable to uncover the racket. Therefore they hired Speed Search and Security Networks Private Limited, an individual property rights company, in Sector 34 here to find out where were the spurious soft drinks being manufactured in the city. Later, this detetctive company was authorized by Pepsi to file a complaint on their behalf.\"We did our own investigation for three-four months and after collecting enough evidence, we contacted the police. This industry of spurious drinks in Chandigarh is worth over Rs 1 crore and consumption of these drinks could also cause death,\" said Romesh Dutt, director of the company.\"Besides confiscating a huge quantity of duplicate cold drinks and beer, we had seized 10,000 empty bottles and 1 lakh wrappers of leading brands like Dew and Frooti from the factory. It was supplying its spurious products in different parts of the region. The factory was selling beer under an Australian brand name,\" he added.Earlier, in February 2012, companies like Tommy Hilfiger, Polo and Calvin Klein had also hired the services of a detective company to zero in on people involved in making duplicate branded clothes in Chandigarh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15426461", "title": "Human trials of HIV vaccine likely by 2013", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The human trial of an HIV vaccine, which is being developed by AIIMS, New Delhi, is likely to start as early as 2013, Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) director general Dr V M Katoch said here on Thursday.\"The vaccine showed encouraging results during animal trial stages. The toxicology has been done. I am hopeful, the clinical trial will begin by next year,\" Dr Katoch said. He was in city to attend a meeting of the ICMR tribal health research forum at Regional Medical Research Centre (RMRC) in the city.A research team at the National HIV Reference Centre in AIIMS has developed the HIV-1 DNA vaccine. During animal trials in 1996, the vaccine gave immunity to mice and monkeys from HIV sub-type C, which constitute over 95 per cent of HIV infections in India. The vaccine research had faced problems in 2002 as activists staged protest against use of animals in the tests following which trials on monkeys were then shifted to IISc Bangalore.The research had come to a stop after retirement of the developer of the vaccine, Dr Pradeep Seth, from AIIMS earlier this year. Dr Seth had headed the microbiology department of the premier institute. \"ICMR has revived the efforts and all clearance will be hopefully in place by this year,\" he said.Dr Katoch said attempts were made in the country earlier also to develop HIV vaccines. However, two earlier vaccines for HIV were found to have limitations. The one developed by Dr Pradeep Seth in AIIMS is being regarded very promising and may bring paradigm shift in the HIV prevention strategy in future, Dr Katoch said.He said vaccine making is not a priority of ICMR, which is being looked after by the department of biotechnology. However, ICMR is trying its best to facilitate development of certain vaccines such as the one for HIV, which has big relevance for India, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15427618", "title": "New Town to get country's biggest convention centre", "text": "KOLKATA: The city will soon get two Science City-like convention centers, one in Rajarhat New Town and the other in Alipore. The New Town centre will be one of the biggest in the country, chief minister Mamata Banerjee said at a programme in Rajarhat on Tuesday.The Housing Infrastructure Development Corporation (Hidco) has chalked out the artistic impression for the New Town project, which will have a seating capacity of about 6,000-odd people. The centre will come up on a 10-acre plot in Rajarhat's Action Area II.According to plans, there will be a plenary hall and two other halls along with adjustable seating arrangements. The convention centre will also have a business and media centre, a documentation hall and a studio. Besides, it will have other support facilities like a VIP lounge, a guest house, a library and a cafeteria along with a parking area for about 1,000 cars.\"The centre will be one of the biggest in the country. We have just started working on the project plan. We will discuss the project in detail at our next board meeting,\" said Hidco chairman-cum-managing director Debashis Sen. The project cost and other details will be worked out soon.The second centre, much smaller but equally attractive, will come up at Alipore as the Dhana Dhanya cultural complex. The state government has decided to set up this centre to commemorate Dwijendralal Roy's 150th birth anniversary this year. A 3-acre plot has been identified beside the South 24-Parganas district magistrate's bungalow. An auditorium on the lines of Science City will be set up in it. There will also be proper parking lots. The government is chalking out a detailed plan on the auditorium's seating capacity and its architectural design.Both centers will be commercially used for social and cultural programmes. The convention centre in Rajarhat will be used for international seminars and conferences.At present, the convention centre inside the Science City complex has a grand theatre hall with a seating capacity of 2,232. The one at Rabindrasadan has a seating capacity for 1,101 spectators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15429095", "title": "J K Mahendra traces the history of cricket", "text": "There are cola cans, ceramic statues and colourful ties from various countries. What unites them is cricket as their owner, J K Mahendra, is passionate about tracing the history of the game.Mahendra, 63, a textile merchant, has collected memorabilia related to cricket over the years. His collection includes ceramic plates autographed by cricketing legends, first day postal covers, stamps, books, ceramic statues of players, key chains and around 500 bats.\"I grew up in Kannur in Kerala, playing cricket and listening to stories about the legends of the game from old-timers. I was in the boys' team and visited many places in India and aboard during which I collected photographs and cricket trivia,\" says Mahendra. Once back home, he prepared a scrapbook.The scrapbook soon gave way to memorabilia. \"My business and the game took me to various places and I used to buy cricket memorabilia,\" he says. Soon, he started exchanging items with collectors in Australia, the UK and South Africa. \"That is how I got the aluminum bat used by Australian fast bowler Dennis Lillee in a Test match against England in 1979 at the WACA ground in Perth,\" he says.The collection grew to such an extent that he used to run a museum at the Chepauk stadium till recently. \"It was one of the first such museums. It attracted a lot of visiting players. When the rent shot up, I had to close it,\" he says. The collection moved to a coffee shop that he set up in Egmore. After the shop wound up, he has kept the items neatly arranged at his house in Egmore. Former Indian wicketkeeper Syed Kirmani, veteran player Salim Durrani and bowler Sreesanth have visited the place. \"I wish that one day Sachin Tendulkar will visit the place,\" he says.This former Ranji Trophy player, who is a fan of West Indian cricketers Vivian Richards and Gary Sobers, has plans to expand his collection. \"I have retired from business but I still go in search of historical cricketing items,\" he says. But he would like to sell his collection if authorities want to set up a cricket museum. \"I am ready to sell my collection to the Board of Control for Cricket in India or the Tamil Nadu Cricket Association for setting up a museum. The collection is rare and it will help the younger generation know about the game and its history,\" he says.(This is a weekly series that features the people who collect odds and ends, from stamps and coins to racing cars and rocks)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15427686", "title": "Toilets in Nagpur University main campus too in bad condition", "text": "NAGPUR: A week after condoms were found in Nagpur University's dirty and stinking toilets, the administration has failed to take any steps to improve the situation. Top officials are sitting quiet after blaming class-IV employees for not doing their duties properly.NU employees said that not only toilets of NU's administrative blocks, but also at various campuses, were in horrible shape. They warned of an agitation on this issue and other issues concerning them if top officials failed to heed to their demands.PRO Prashant Mohite told TOI that NU had decided to outsource the cleaning work to private parties for better hygiene, as they too were fed up with the existing situation. \"The decision has been taken and will be implemented after statutory bodies clear it,\" he said.Varsity employees say the situation is as bad in almost all departments in NU campus on Amravati Road. Despite many complaints by students and lecturers, corrective measures were ever taken. According to them, NU recently carried out renovation and repairs at many of its departments and canteen in campus, but ignored toilets, which needs urgent repairs. Only those in the humanities department are in good condition.When condoms were found, PRO had said that they were contemplating action after issuing notices to erring employees, but nothing has moved since then. NU employees have complained several times about stinking toilets lacking even basic facilities like water taps since years. Toilets used by employees are a horrifying picture with seats broken, white walls covered by stains, and missing water pipes and taps. Due to broken pipes and lack of maintenance, there is a severe problem of water leakage all over the heritage building.NU had earmarked Rs6.24 crore for maintenance of all buildings in this year's budget, but four months later not a single penny has been spent so far. Even Finance and Accounts Officer (FAO) Puran Meshram had declared that university was not short of funds.Even last year, a provision of Rs5 crore was made in the budget for same purpose. But the ground situation remained unchanged. The PRO however refused to comment on this aspect, saying he will seek information from concerned authorities.The statutory body members have slammed the administration led by vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal and registrar Mahesh Yenkie for splurging on luxuries while neglecting maintenance of university departments and toilets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "nizampatnam (guntur)", "code": "15427879", "title": "Mopidevi's men nix Naidu's anti-Vanpic agitation", "text": "NIZAMPATNAM (GUNTUR): Telugu Desam Party (TDP) chief Chandrababu Naidu faced stiff opposition from the locals when he took to the streets in Nizampatnam demanding cancellation of the Vanpic project and resuming the land to the farmers. All the shops, including small hotels and pan shops, downed the shutters in the home town of former minister Mopidevi Venkata Ramana, who is in jail for the Vanpic case, as if to protest against Naidu's tour on Thursday.It was like an undeclared bandh in the town as all the streets wore a deserted look. According to sources, Mopidevi's followers issued 'instructions' to the shop owners that they should observe a bandh during Naidu's visit. Reacting angrily to this development, Naidu said that Nizampatnam is not Pulivendula, the fiefdom of YSR Congress chief Jaganmohan Reddy, and vowed to take on the leaders who want to run faction kingdoms.Addressing the gathering before launching his padayatra to Dindi village, Naidu criticized the Congress leaders for not following democratic principles. \"I have served as chief minister of this state for nine long years. Observing bandh during my visit is completely undemocratic,\" he fumed. He said that he had come to fight against the illegal allocation of the land to the corporate companies and added that the Congress leaders should decide on which side they stand.He demanded that CM Kiran Kumar Reddy spell out his stance on the Vanpic land deal. He faulted the granting of 26,000 acres of land to one company by forcibly acquiring it from the poor. He said they would not rest till the land was returned to the oustees.Earlier, Naidu met college students at Tenali and requested them to oppose the government's moves on the fee reimbursement scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15427243", "title": "2 held for killing police informer", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two auto-lifters have been arrested for murdering a police informer last month in Ghaziabad.Amir (22) and Shahjad (22) killed the informer as he had tipped off the Ghaziabad and Delhi police about their gang.One country made pistol with four live cartridges has been recovered.Besides the murder case registered against them, six other cases of motor vehicle thefts have been solved.\"The duo would steal motorcycles from east Delhi and sell them in UP,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15433130", "title": "Metro Rail: L&T; to finalise rolling stock vendor", "text": "HYDERABAD: Even as the works of metro rail project has gathered momentum after the declaration of 'appointed date' last month, concessionaire L&T; has shortlisted the venders supplying rolling stock and the sources said the tenders would be finalized in a week's time.Rolling stock comprising traction and train set forms the main part of the project and l&T; has shortlisted four consortiums including one headed by Bangalore-based public sector unit BEML (Bharat Earth Movers limited). BEML has formed consortium with Korean Company Hyundai ROTEM to enter the fray, while China-based CSR-Zhuzhou Electric Locomotive Co, Canadian company Bombardier, and Spanish conglomerate CAF are vying for the contract with order price of over Rs. 2000 crore.A spokesperson of L&T; Metro rail (Hyderabad) said, \"We had called for application for tender to supply rolling stock and four consortiums have been qualified for the final bidding. The tenders would be finalized in a week's time.\"While currency fluctuation is adding to the cost of project surmised to have touched Rs. 20000 crore and further escalating due to the other factors including delay in execution of works, inflation, and floating interest rates, the l&T; is persuading the foreign venders to base their manufacturing in India in a bid to make the project cost-effective and their response is learnt to have been positive.\"The good part is that most of the foreign vendors, with whom the company is currently in discussions, have been planning to set up operations as the country is now taking 15-20 metro rails in major cities,\" said the spokesperson.Following the selection of a vender supplying rolling stock, the tenders to supply signaling &train; control, and track works are slated to be finalized for mid-September. And according to the current estimation the total order price for the tenders for the project including rolling stock, track works, automatic fare collection, and communication systems is Rs.5000 crore.V B Gadgil, chief executive officer of L&T; metro rail (Hyderabad) told TOI the works were on fasts track after the declaration of the 'appointed date', the official commencement of the works, and he hoped the project would be commissioned well ahead of the deadline- five years from the appointed date that is July 5 of this year. \"We have submitted a revised plan for withdrawal of loans to the consortium of banks and we will start drawing the loan amount once the venders are finalized,\" said Gadgil.Enlisting the works done, Gadgil claimed 61 piers had been erected in the stretch between Nagole and Mettuguda of the Corridor- III between Nagole and Shilparamam, while laying foundation for 100 piers in the stretch was completed and over 103 viaduct segments had been cast. While slow pace of property acquisition in Sultan Bazar was causing concern, Gadgil hoped the GHMC would act swiftly to provide the right of way for the project there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15426115", "title": "Janmashtami festivities grip Bhopal", "text": "BHOPAL: A day ahead of Janmashtami, Krishna fever has gripped the city. Preparations are on to celebrate the festival that marks the birth of Lord Krishna, on a grand scale.Krishna devotees thronged the market to purchase puja material, colourful cradle for Lord Krishna, wall hangings, golden bells, balloons, coloured printed papers. The mithai shops are offering special makhan-mishri.Shops selling colourful attires for Ladoo Gopal and cradle for Bal Gopal are attracting huge crowds to markets.Famous Laxminarayan temple, popularly known as Birla mandir, the ancient Krishna haveli in the Chowk and Krishna Pranami temple are some of the places, where the festival would be held on a big scale on Friday.The puja would start from morning and the festivities would go on till 12 in the night with a huge celebration of Lord Krishna's birth.We have made all preparations to celebrate Janamashtmi this year. The grand celebration will be organised at midnight,\" manager of Birla mandir, M P Sharma said.This year, organisers are expecting around 15,000 devotees to witness the midnight celebrations.\"A mahaaarti will be organised at 12 in the night followed by the distribution of prasad .Special security bandobast has also been done.The temple will remain open from 6 in the morning to 1 in the night.The Krishna Pranami temple near Char Imli organized an evening of bhajan dedicated to Lord Krishna.\"We have organized a bhajan sandhya on Thursday from 6 to 8 pm on the temple premises to celebrate the Janmashtami,\" said head priest, Amarnath Sharma.\"The auspicious occasion of Lord Krishna will be celebrated at 12 midnight on August 10. The functions and bhajans will start from 7 pm. The Mahaarti will take place at 12 midnight - the time when Lord Krishna was born,\" he added.He also said the devotees will be blessed with 'makhan-mishri' as prasad on the occasion. \"We are also organizing matki-fod ceremony on the temple premises. A play will also be staged in the temple, highlighting the life of Lord Krishna,\" he said.Janmaashtmi was celebrated in many city schools with school kids dressed up as the Lord. A special programme was held at the Sharda Vidya mandir school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15427133", "title": "Filmmakers huff and puff over new smoking regulation", "text": "CHENNAI: The information and broadcasting ministry's move to have short health messages and disclaimer scrolls for films with smoking scenes has not gone down well with many movie-makers in Tamil Nadu.A recent circular mandates producers to run a 20-second audio message featuring an actor seen smoking in the film or at least run a generic ad that has a prominent sports personality. This has to be shown before the movie and repeated during the interval. Filmmakers should also run a disclaimer scroll on the screen for the duration of a smoking scene. The new rules follow the stringent norms laid down in 2011 by the Union health ministry for depicting smoking in movies and on television.\"It is a ridiculous rule because people carry home the value of the film. So, there is no need to put out a sign saying 'smoking is injurious to health' throughout a scene,\" says director Gautham Menon. A scroll will take away the dramatic impact of a scene as the message cuts across the frame, he says. \"We think twice before adding subtitles fearing they might take away the attention of the audience. Running a scroll does not make sense,\" says the director of hits such as 'Vaaranam Aayiram' and 'Vinnaithaandi Varuvaayaa'.Director Pandiraj of award-winning 'Marina' and 'Pasanga' says the idea of short messages is fine if they are meant to create awareness. \"If messages create awareness about the ill-effects of smoking, I don't mind running them. But if I want to talk about the evils of smoking and drinking, I will do it through visuals and not by running a scroll throughout a scene,\" he says. Pandiraj, who is planning a movie for youngsters, says he doesn't know how he will incorporate a scroll in future projects without affecting the dramatic value of a scene.The Tamil Nadu Film Producers Council has called for a meeting of its members to discuss the issue. Secretary P L Thenappan said, \"We make movies for entertainment. As for curbing smoking, there are rules banning it from public places.\" Also, there are clear-cut guidelines to certify movies based on their content. Menon says filmmakers should be left to their devices when it comes to depicting such issues. In 'Vaaranam Aayiram', the character played by Suriya has drug and smoking issues. \"I put out an advisory before the movie because of my own moral convictions,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15428199", "title": "Govt transfers 6 IAS officials", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a minor bureaucratic reshuffle, the state government transferred four senior IAS officers .Avnish Awasthi, who was earlier put on the waitlist after being removed as CMD, UP Power Corporation Limited was appointed as principal secretary, institutional finance.The government also transferred Sanjiv Nair from his existing post of principal secretary cane development to the department of planning in the same capacity.Rahul Prasad Bhatnagar has now been appointed in Nair's place, as principal secretary sugar industries and cane development department.The government also divested Yogesh Kumar of his charge as principal secretary institutional finance.Kumar will, however, continue to hold charge of the department of animal husbandry and fisheries in the same capacity.District magistrate Kanpur Dehat, AB Rajmauli has been sent to Ballia in the same capacity, replacing Brijendra Pandiyan, who now comes to Kanpur Dehat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "colombo", "code": "15432074", "title": "Subramanian Swamy meets Sri Lankan President Rajapaksa, discusses Tamil issue", "text": "COLOMBO: Janata Party president Subramanian Swamy met Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa here and requested him to mobilise other Tamil parties in the northern province besides the dominant TNA to achieve political reconciliation.Swamy, who is in Sri Lanka to attend an international seminar, discussed with the president the ethnic issue and devolution of power to the Tamil-dominated province on Thursday.He said after the meeting that Rajapaksa wants resolution of the key issues in the reconciliation process to be achieved through the parliamentary select committee (PSC) process.The PSC is yet to get underway as the main Tamil party, Tamil National Alliance (TNA) has shown unwillingness to attend it, charging that it would be another stalling tactic of the Sri Lankan government.The Sri Lankan government is discussing the issue of devolution of power to the north and eastern provinces, and the question of police powers and revenue has been a major irritant in the negotiations.\"I told the President the need to mobilise the non-TNA Tamil parties who could make a contribution to the process,\" Swamy said.He said he drew the attention of the Sri Lankan President to article 356 of the Indian constitution where the centre has the power to take corrective action should the states operate against the unitary character of the constitution.Article 356 of the constitution of India refers to \"provisions in case of failure of constitutional machinery in state\".Swamy said he felt the Sri Lankan government was not willing to share police powers with the provinces.He said even if the police powers are devolved, the centre could invent a system where safeguards can be placed so that any untoward happening could be checked. This could be an arrangement to \"supersede\" provincial police powers.Swamy, an avowed critic of the LTTE , said he told Rajapaksa that after ridding Sri Lanka of terrorism, now it was time to resolve the Tamil issue through positive action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15427899", "title": "Yummy prasad adds flavour to the Janamashtami festival", "text": "For young and old alike, the biggest attraction on Janamashtami, after the lovely altar decorations is Gopal kala-azar, the special Prasad prepared on this day. This delicious mix of puffed rice, curd, milk, sugar and cucumber forms the highlight of the celebrations.The legend behind the kala-azar or mixture can be found in the Puranic scriptures. Astrologer Kapil Chandrayan says that it dates back to the times when Krishna as a child used to take the cattle for grazing. \"Many of his friends would accompany him and all of them carried lunch packets or shidori with them. Krishna used to mix all the food and distribute it among the boys. So this kala-azar is prepared on Janamashtami by mixing different foods.\"It is the faith and devotion that goes into it which imparts Gopal kaala that divine taste, feels Dr. Arundhati Bhave. \"Prasad items are usually very rich. But Kala is made of ingredients which are often described as poor man's food. That's because Krishna's friends were poor. But these humble food items taste so good when they are mixed to be offered to the lord.\"Since Janamashtami celebrates the birth of Krishna, the north Indian homes prepare specialities which are offered to a mother after childbirth. Rekha Lakhotia, a homemaker whose family celebrates the festival on a large scale, says that the preparations begin two days ahead. \"We make panjiri, a dry mix of wheat flour and sugar, panchamrit, makhan mishiri a Krishna favourite and a mix of five types of dry fruits.\"For Deepali Saxena, a teacher who hails from Uttar Pradesh, the festival is special for the falar too. \"We fast the whole day and the highlight of the falar or non cereal meal is lotus seed kheer. For Prasad, dry fruits are mixed in sugar syrup and set in a thin layer. We also prepare gold laddus an ingredient which is given to women post delivery to relieve pain.\"For the Bengalis, Krishna janam is an event so sacrosanct that more than the Prasad it is the chants which are important. \"It is the day when Krishna was born. We have to sing bhajans and call him with devotion\" says Rita Roy, a music teacher. But a must in every Bengali household on this day is maal pua. Sonali Ganguli a homemaker says, \"We place the idol of Krishna in a jhoola and offer a Prasad of mashed bananas and maal pua to the lord.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15428171", "title": "Vegetable vendor's wife found killed", "text": "BANGALORE: A 24-year-old woman was found murdered in her house in Vishnupriya Layout, Begur, off Hosur Road, on Thursday morning. Mamtha, wife of vegetable vendor Anjaneya Reddy, was stabbed in the neck and died of excessive bleeding.Anjaneya told police he found his wife dead when he returned from the Madiwala market where he'd gone to buy vegetables. Police picked him up for questioning as there were some discrepancies in his claims. The couple's two children and the man's nephew were asleep in another room when the murder happened. They didn't hear any commotion which triggered doubts about Anjaneya's claims.The murder smacked of the recent spate of home-alone woman killings and a killer-couple on the rampage. A week ago, a 48-year-old woman was killed in her home at Meenakshi Layout, Parappana Agrahara.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15429026", "title": "TOI celebrates Jharkhand growth story", "text": "RANCHI: In the past 12 years since its birth, Jharkhand has grown by leaps and bounds. The Gross Domestic Product (GDP), which was 3.71 per cent at the end of 2002, today stands at a steady 8.7 per cent. The state has also emerged as one of the highest spenders of GDP - much ahead of other progressive states.In recognition of this remarkable growth, and to raise a toast to those behind this growth, The Times of India will be proud to honour a few men and women from various fields of work on August 11 at a glittering ceremony at the Radisson Blu hotel. Awards at the \"Emerging Jharkhand: Times Impact Award 2012\" will be given by the deputy chairman of the Planning Commission, Montek Singh Ahluwalia, and the chief minister, Arjun Munda .The awards, a precursor of sorts to the state's 13th Foundation Day celebrations on November 15, will be an attempt to salute those names, known or unknown, lettered or unlettered, individuals or organizations, which have helped take the state forward and made us proud.The Union rural development minister, Jairam Ramesh , will be present at a panel discussion by intellectuals and bureaucrats who will dwell on the promises this mineral-rich state, carved out of Bihar in 2000, holds out.There will be moments for introspection, too, on what went wrong and what could have been better. To select the winners, TOI asked its readers on to choose names from categories like central and state public sectors, education, SMEs, unsung heroes, women's empowerment and NGOs. The jury members went through the nominations and gave their verdict.No contribution has gone unnoticed, no matter how humble it has been. Many of the unsung heroes, who have been working in the remote forests and villages of Jharkhand and ushering in a silent revolution whether in forestry or environment or social or even livelihood issues, as also those who have brought laurels to the state and such other personalities, organizations and groups which have helped catapult Jharkhand to a state of glory will all be honoured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15429520", "title": "Nursing body faces heat over \u2018illegal\u2019 courses", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra Nursing Council is facing heat from the state government for irregularly sanctioning new colleges and courses. Medical education minister Dr Vijaykumar Gavit's office has issued a showcause notice , asking the council why no action should be taken against the body .\"In a notice to the council , the department asked why the recognition of the state nursing council should not be cancelled and its authority dissolved,\" said a Mantralaya official . The department served the notice on Wednesday and has asked the council to reply within 15 days .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15427178", "title": "Vilasrao Deshmukh better, doctors say he had hepatitis B", "text": "CHENNAI: The condition of Union minister for science and technology Vilasrao Deshmukh , admitted to Global Hospitals with liver cancer, is improving but remains critical, doctors treating him said on Friday.Doctors said 67-year-old Deshmukh had hepatitis B and developed cirrhosis of the liver more than a year ago. The cirrhosis turned into a cancerous tumour and the minister was admitted to Mumbai's Breach Candy Hospital last week. He was flown to Chennai by an air ambulance on Monday for a liver transplant.Doctors said they have put off the transplant as he may not be able to withstand the surgery due to multiple organ failure. \"He is on ventilator and dialysis. A transplant will not possible now,\" said Global Hospitals chairman Dr K Ravindranth.Deshmukh is being monitored by a team of doctors, including noted liver transplant surgeon Dr Mohamed Rela.Entry into his ward continues to be restricted. \"He is yet to completely recover from his blood infection, but it seems to be under control. We are also trying to wean him off the ventilator. But this may take time,\" one of the doctors said. Deshmukh's son Amit Deshmukh, a member of the Maharashtra assembly, on Thursday briefed Prime Minister Manmohan Singh about the minister's condition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15427924", "title": "Daikin to double Kerala sales network", "text": "KOCHI: Daikin, a Japanese air-conditioner maker, is planning to push up its sales in Kerala, said Kanwal Jeet Jawa, managing director of Daikin Airconditioning India Pvt Ltd. He was talking to reporters after launching the company's new inverter air-conditioner range in Kochi on Thursday.According to him, the new range of air-conditioners will save up to 30% of the electricity consumed. \"It is imperative in today's times to shift focus to inverter air-conditioners in an economy like India where power distribution is sporadic, and the country, in recent days, is seeing massive electricity grid failures,\" company officials said. \"We have 30 dealers in Kerala, which are going to reach 55 by the end of the current fiscal year. Across the country we have 1,028 outlets, which will grow to 1,500 towards the end of FY13,\" Jawa said.Daikin expects to generate revenues of Rs 2,000 crore this fiscal by selling 4 lakh air-conditioners and 450 chillers.In the first quarter, the company's revenues were 25% higher due to a relatively hot and long summer. \"April and first half of May was a cooler period, even in western India, the temperature didn't go beyond 35 C. But, after that the summer became hotter and we had a good season, in fact an extended summer we had. Hence the revenues grew by 25% during the first quarter of the current fiscal year,\"Jawa said.The rupee depreciation will have an impact on Daikin, Jawa said. \"Companies have to look at cost structures, pursue more efficiency, and to look at innovative strategies to cut costs,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15427913", "title": "Kozhikode eyes JNNURM-funded buses", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Moves are afoot to introduce AC and non-AC low-floor buses under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) project in Kozhikode city. District collector K V Mohankumar who is also the chairman of the regional transport authority (RTA) has directed the KSRTC to submit a detailed report on the feasibility of introducing such buses in the city.A decision towards this was taken at the RTA meeting held here on Thursday.The demand for low-floor buses in the city had come up after the KSRTC introduced them in the state capital and Kochi three years ago, under the JNNURM project. Even though only cities with a population of at least 10 lakh are eligible for the JNNURM fund, the ministry of urban development has granted an in-principle approval for the low-floor bus project in Kozhikode, following pressure from various corners.\"We will do our best to make the city get the fund and we are hopeful that the service will be introduced in Kozhikode soon,\" said the district collector.District transport officer P Sashidharan said the KSRTC will start the study immediately after receiving the official letter from the collector and it would be completed in a time-bound manner. \"The KSRTC is hopeful that we can overcome the hurdles, including the criteria for the eligibility to be included under the JNNURM project, with the support of people's representatives,\" he said.As per the 2011 census, the city's population is 4.32 lakh. However, the ministry of urban affairs is planning to amend the rule to incorporate more cities under the project.At present, only 63 cities in the country are eligible for assistance under the JNNURM project. Other urban local bodies (ULBs) have to go for loans to take up urban development projects.Thrissur is another town in the state that has put forth a demand for JNNURM funding to introduce low-floor buses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15427949", "title": "180 kgs ganja seized, 2 nabbed", "text": "HYDERABAD: A real estate businessman and his driver were arrested by Narsingi police on Thursday for allegedly stocking a huge quantity of ganja.\"Based on a tip-off we raided Sai Residency apartment where the businessman, V Bhaskar, resides. The ganja stock of 180 kgs was found hidden in his Scorpio car. We also seized a 7.65 mm pistol and a Bolero car from his residence,'' Narsingi police said. His driver A Narsimha was also taken into custody.Narsingi inspector P Narayana said that the accused had brought the ganja from Visakhapatnam and Chintapalli by road. They had planned to sell it in the city through an established network.The accused have been indulging in this illegal activity of trading ganja for 10 years. The pistol which was recovered does not have a licence,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15429010", "title": "Govt's indecision adversely affecting state-run oil companies", "text": "The government's indecision on fuel price decontrol is not just affecting its finances but also the fortunes of state-run oil companies, several of whom ranked among the top players until recently. In any case, it makes little sense for the government to force its policies on companies where it is not the sole shareholder. If a subsidy is required, then the government should bear it through the Budget, instead of making top PSUs bleed.Related story:  IOC posts record loss of Rs 22,451 crore in Q1", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15428794", "title": "NCL scientists awarded bronze medals by CRSI", "text": "PUNE: Two scientists from the National Chemical Laboratory (NCL) - G J Sanjayan and B L V Prasad, have been awarded bronze medals by the Chemical Research Society of India (CRSI) in recognition of their contributions to research in chemistry.Sanjayan is with the organic chemistry division of the NCL and leads a research group involved in the design and development of diversely functionalized synthetic protein structures. He has been with the NCL for fifteen years after doing his post-doctoral studies from the University of Oxford under the mentorship of George W J Fleet. His research group has pioneered the development of diverse classes of synthetic protein scaffolds, which has potential in intervening protein to protein interactions.Molecules are of fundamental interest - from the perspective of molecular recognition, and practical interest from the perspective of medicine, since they may be useful for specific protein to protein interactions, which are frequently associated with human diseases.Sanjayan is also the recipient of several awards and recognitions including the prestigious Ranbaxy award 2010 and the Central Drug Research Institute award 2011 for excellence in drug research.B L V Prasad is with the physical and materials chemistry division of the NCL. He joined in 2003 and his group is actively working in the general area of material synthesis and in particular nanoparticles and nanoscale materials. In the recent past, his group has been focusing on identification of novel nanoparticle synthetic routes, preparation of biomolecule nanoparticle conjugates and their applications in drug-delivery systems, bioimplants and diagnostics.Prasad has published over eighty papers in peer-reviewed international journals and filed four patents. He has supervised eight PhD students so far, and another nine students are pursuing their PhD under him. Prasad was recognized as the scientist of the year by the NCL Research Foundation in 2009 and received the materials research Society of India medal in 2012.The medals will be presented to them in the forthcoming annual meeting of the society during the 15th CRSI national symposium scheduled to be held at Banaras Hindu University , Varanasi, during February 1 to 3, 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "perambalur", "code": "15429157", "title": "Minor girls working as bonded labourers rescued in Perambalur", "text": "PERAMBALUR: Two sisters aged about 10 and four years who got held in a farm in Perambalur as bonded labourers were rescued by the police on Thursday. A case has been registered against three persons, including their parents in this connection.The two children, daughters of Murugesan and Pattu from Esanai village in Perambalur district were forced to work as bonded labourers in a farm in Nerkunam village. On a tip-off, Perambalur district collector Darez Ahamed instructed the revenue divisional officer (RDO) and the district social welfare officer to inspect the spot.The officials rescued the children from the farm and produced them before the collector who held an inquiry. They said that they were not given proper food but they were tortured to take care of as many as 60 sheep.Investigation revealed that the girls were forced to work in the farm by their parents who allegedly received a huge amount from the farm owner, A Kanagaraj. Based on instructions from the collector, a case was registered against Kanagaraj, Murugesan and Pattu under the Bonded Labour System (Abolition) Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15426740", "title": "Culture varsity 'fine tunes' state song", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Utkal University of Culture (UUC) has completed the task of prescribing a standard tuning and lines to play the state song, Bande Utkal Janani. Last month, the state government had entrusted the varsity to frame the song in view of the disjointed use of the popular patriotic song by several organizations.\"We have completed the song to maintain uniformity in playing of the song. The CDs have been submitted to the culture department,\" vice-chancellor Amiya Kumar Patnaik told TOI.Patnaik said the technical committee comprising experts of vocal and instrumental music recorded the standard format of the song in three categories - vocal, instrumental and police band. \"Sixteen singers lent their voice in the song of one minute and 25 seconds duration. Of the seven stanzas of the original song, we have recorded stanzas 1, 2 and 4,\" Patnaik said. Sources said UUC spent around Rs 15,000 to record the song.The patriotic song, written by Kantakabi Laxmikant Mohapatra in 1912, is recited before the start of almost all important government and non-government functions in the state. Audience stands up spontaneously as a mark of respect to this soul-stirring composition.\"We have suggested the government that the song should be used during all functions attended by chief minister and other ministers, in educational institutions and cultural functions,\" the VC said.The UUC in May proposed to the state government to allow it to prescribe a standard tuning format for playing of the song. \"At many places we found the song being played or sung in incoherent manner with heavy repetition of lines or words,\" he said.\"The government should make it mandatory to use the song prepared by UUC,\" said culture enthusiast Badri Mishra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15428984", "title": "Jharkhand to hold SSC exam for the first time", "text": "RANCHI: The preliminary test for staff selection commission (SSC) examination will be held on September 30, as announced by Jharkhand Staff Selection Commission. The examination will be conducted in Jharkhand for the first time since its formation.Chairperson of JSSC, CR Sahay said, \"Admit cards will be dispatched to the post offices by August 10 and students will start receiving them from August 11. Students who do not receive their admit card by post can download it from JSSC website.\"A total of 65 examination centres has been set up in 24 districts for which over 2 lakh applications were received by the commission. The examination will be held from 10 am to 1 pm and the students will be allotted centres in their home town.For the first time in any examination, held in the state, applicants are being given a chance to rectify the mistakes in the application forms submitted by them. \"We have received many forms with mistakes. We have sent a notice to all the applicants to come to our office and correct the mistakes by August 17,\" said Sahay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15432451", "title": "Jackie Shroff teams up with Amrita Singh for YRF's film", "text": "Actor Jackie Shroff and Amrita Singh would be paired together again after almost two decades in Yash Raj Films' 'Aurangzeb'.Jackie and Amrita had shared screen space for Yash Chopra's 1993 film 'Aaina'.After signing Yash Raj Films' ' Dhoom 3', Jackie has also been finalised for yet another project 'Aurangzeb'.\"Yes I am doing 'Aurangzeb' opposite Amrita. I can't talk about the film or my role,\" Jackie told PTI adding that he starts shooting for the movie from August 11.Meanwhile, after the success of 'Ishaqzaade', actor Arjun Kapoor will be seen in 'Aurangzeb'.Directed by Atul Sabharwal, the movie will present Arjun in a double role.Jackie is also looking forward to the release of a Marathi film 'Hridaynath' and KC Bokadia's 'Dirty Politics'.To be released soon, 'Hridaynath' is a story of Mr Sawant, a teacher by profession with great principles, whom people come to seek advice. However, he undergoes heart transplantation and emerges with new-found principles.\"It is a very nice and interesting film. I play a school master, an introvert person with good principles. In the second half of the film how my character changes and why, that's what the story is,\" Jackie said.Jackie also stars in 'Dirty Politics', alongwith Om Puri, Ashutosh Rana, Anupam Kher, Rajpal Yadav, Mallika Sherawat and others.The shooting for the film is still underway and the second schedule will begin from October.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15429692", "title": "HC seeks govt reply on facilities given to ex-governor", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan High Court on Thursday sought a reply from the state government on a petition questioning the government facilities provided to former governor Anshuman Singh. The court asked additional advocate general N A Naquvi to file the reply in two weeks. The order was issued by a bench comprising Chief Justice Arun Mishra and Justice N K Jain (senior ) on a second round of PIL filed by veteran journalist and Gandhian Milap Chand Dandia.Vimal Choudhary, counsel for the petitioner, told the court that after his retirement from the post of governor in 2003, Singh was provided a house along with free electricity and water, a chauffer driven vehicle and five security men apart from other services free of cost. Excluding the rent of the house, electricity and water, an amount of Rs 5.86 crore has been spent till 2012 for the ex-governor.Itwascontendedby Choudhary that the former governor has misused his position to exploit the facilities provided to him.\"The Governor Emolument, Allowances and Privileges Act, 1982 does not provide them any such facilities which are being provided to Singh. Earlier, the court had asked the petitioner to file a representation before the state government but when no decision was taken we moved the court,\"said Choudhary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15428163", "title": "Some jailed cops could get off hook in Tulsiram case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Some Gujarat and Rajasthan police officials will be let off by the CBI in the Tulsiram Prajapati fake encounter case. During investigations, the probe agency found four junior policemen accused by CID (Crime) were not present at the encounter scene.CBI sources said, \"These four officers, who have been arrested and accused in the chargesheet by CID (Crime), may be removed from the list of accused. We found that these officers, arrested by CID (Crime) were not at the encounter spot, near Ambaji in Banaskantha district.\"CBI officials said, \"We are consulting superior officers on whether these policemen should be treated as witnesses in the Tulsiram case since they have been arrested and done jail time without actually being part of the encounter.\"On the other hand, several senior Gujarat police officers are on tenterhooks. They are apprehensive of more arrests in this case. Thirteen policemen including three IPS officers have already been arrested in this case. The CBI is likely to file a chargesheet in the case by August 14.The new names which will be added to the list of accused will be those officers who were part of the conspiracy that led to the encounters of Sohrabuddin Sheikh in 2005 and Prajapati in 2006.CID in its chargesheet in the Tulsiram case did not mentioned the motive. CBI hopes to rectify this in its chargesheet, which is likely to clarify who was part of the conspiracy and what was the motive behind the twin encounters was.The CID officers who had probed the case are also under the CBI's scanner.The CID, when it was handing investigations, had said Hyderabad-based gangster and naxalite Kalimuddin was the third person abducted along with Sohrabudin and his wife Kauserbi in 2005, before their killings.According to CBI investigations, Prajapati was the third person and he was killed in an encounter a year later", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15427028", "title": "BJP backs Baba Ramdev's agitation", "text": "NEW DELHI: Opposition BJP on Thursday backed Baba Ramdev's agitation on black money, saying the government should take a firm decision to address concerns on the issue.\"If he (Ramdev) is sitting on a dharna then it is for the country's sake. The entire country should extend support to him. Because the issue of bringing back black money has been raised by L K Advani. We want that black money stashed outside should return to the country,\" BJP MP Shahnawaz Hussain told reporters outside Parliament.Hussain said the government had come out with a white paper on black money but \"it was more of a black paper than white because no names were mentioned in it\".BJP spokesperson Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi said such a movement was the need of the hour. \"The BJP has been consistently raising this issue. If any organization or individual raise their voice, then I think it should be taken seriously. There is no need to see it in negative light. The government should contemplate and take firm decision to address the concerns,\" he said.Yoga guru Ramdev launched a three-day fast along with his supporters on Thursday demanding immediate action to enact a strong Lokpal and steps to bring back black money stashed away in foreign banks.BJP had backed Ramdev when he first began his agitation following the anti-corruption movement started by Anna Hazare and his team. Raising the issue in Parliament, BJP had attacked the government for unleashing Delhi Police on Ramdev and his supporters in the middle of the night in the government's attempt to quash the movement last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15432224", "title": "Jayalalithaa govt to provide free bicycles to ITI students", "text": "CHENNAI: In yet another pro-students initiative, the AIADMK government in Tamil Nadu on Friday proposed providing free bicycles to over 21,000 beneficiaries studying in state-run Industrial Training Institutes.Chief minister J Jayalalithaa allocated Rs 6.36 crore for providing bicycles \"free of cost,\" considering the fact that a large number of students in ITIs hailed from economically poor background, an official release here said.This was in line with an existing scheme of providing bicycles to school students who cover considerable distance to reach their institutions, the release said, adding, the proposed move will benefit 21,925 ITI students.The Jayalalithaa government is already providing a slew of sops to school and college going students including supplying free laptops, touted to be a key programme of the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15427242", "title": "Sugar co-opsto ask PM for Rs 2.5cr tax relief", "text": "MUMBAI: Keeping aside their recent clashes, the Congress and the NCP have joined hands to seek a Rs 2,500-crore income tax waiver for Maharashtra's sugar co-operatives from Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , who is expected to be in the state soon on a two-day visit.Owned by prominent state politicians, including former CM and veteran Congress leader Vilasrao Deshmukh , rural development minister and senior NCP minister Jayant Patil, former deputy CM Vijaysingh Mohite-Patil (NCP), parliamentary affairs minister Harshwardhan Patil (Congress) and several close aides of NCP chief Sharad Pawar , over 60 factories have been served a notice to pay tax to the tune of Rs 2,500 core.CM Prithviraj Chavan will present to the PM a charter of demands, including amending sections of the I-T Act to do away with tax on the 'profits'.According to the law, if the factories pay more than the minimum support price (MSP) for sugarcane, they will have to declare their earnings as profit, which will be taxed. \"The money cannot be paid as we have already distributed the profit among the farmers. Moreover, our appeal for a waiver is pending with the tax tribunal,. But suddenly, we have received this notice. We will request the PM to help us,\" said a senior cabinet minister.The co-operative sugar factories have been demanding a waiver since the first tax notice was served a decade ago, since then the case been in and out of the court. The co-operative lobby had also approached the Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT), appealing that payments made to buy sugarcane be considered as expenditure. The factories had said they paid higher MSP due to the archaic co-operative laws, which term most factories as non profit-making enterprises, and hence, the sugarcane purchase should not be considered as profit.The factories were assured that no punitive action will be taken till the matter is settled. In a subsequent meeting with the prime minister in New Delhi, the factories were assured that no punitive action will be taken until the issue is settled. The CBDT too had assured them of issuing fresh directives to settle the matter.However, last month, notices were served and accounts of several factories were seized. \"Some units paid up part of the amount, but it impossible to pay the whole amount,\" said a minister.The political clout of Maharashtra's powerful sugar cooperatives will be once again on display with this demand as 60 factories, some owned by prominent state politicians including former chief minister and veteran Congress leader Vilasrao Deshmukh, rural development minister and senior NCP minister Jayant Patil, former deputy chief minister Vijaysingh Mohite-Patil (NCP), parliamentary affairs minister Harshwardhan Patil (Congress) and several other close aides of NCP chief Sharad Pawar, are reeling from a notice to pay up tax to the tune of Rs 2,500 crore.A charter of demand will be presented to the PM by chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, including the demand to amend sections of IT Act so as to discontinue charging of tax on profit. According to the current laws, the factories paying more than the price decided by the government for sugarcane purchase have to declare the earning as profit. The tax is thus charged on this profit. \"There is no way this money could be paid up since we have already distributed the profit amongst the farmers. Moreover, our appeal is already pending with the tax tribunal but suddenly we are served this notice. We would request the prime minister to help us in this matter,\" said a senior cabinet minister.The cooperative sugar factories have been demanding a waiver since the first notice was served a decade ago, since then the case been in and out of the court. The lobby had also approached the Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) appealing that at payments made by factories for sugarcane be considered as expenditure. The factories had claimed that high payment was result of a archaic cooperative laws which term most factories as not profit-making enterprises. It is for this reason, payment of more than Statutory Minimum Price should not be considered as profit.In a subsequent meeting with the prime minister in New Delhi, the factories were assured of no punitive action until the issue is settled. The CBDT had assured them of issuing fresh directives to settle the matter. However, last month, notices were served and accounts of several factories were seized. \"Some units paid up part of the amount, but it impossible to pay for most the whole amount,\" said a minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15428092", "title": "High court cites de-addiction expenses, quashes 2009 excise circular", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court on Thursday quashed UP excise commissioner's circular issued on March 9, 2009, which mandated for liquor contractors to ensure sale of minimum guaranteed quantity of liquor.The 2009 circular provided that district excise officers and other subordinate authorities would ensure that minimum guaranteed quantity was lifted by every licensee, and in case they failed to do so, the security might be forfeited. The court also directed the state government to consider and take appropriate steps by making necessary changes in the statutory provisions with regard to minimum guaranteed quantity and other provisions under which the sale of the liquor is encouraged and licensees are compelled to lift and sell the liquor to fulfil the quota, which is increased every year.The order came from a division bench of Justice DP Singh and Justice VC Gupta on a writ petition filed by Rakesh Singh , a liquor vendor. The court allowed the petition and quashed the order by which district excise officer had forfeited Rakesh's security money because the liquor vendor had fallen short of selling fixed quota in March 2009. It further directed the authorities to return the forfeited amount to the petitioner within two months.The court said that under the garb of minimum guaranteed quantity, it shall not be justifiable for the state government to enhance sale of liquor. It said that if the liquor vendor is forced to sell fixed quota every month, it would mean that the vendor would have to persuade such number of consumers. The court said that the state government spends heavy amount to advertise on de-addiction. In 2010-11, it allocated Rs 23 lakh work for liquor prohibition and to make people aware about the injuries, which may be caused due to consumption of liquor.\"Once the state government itself has invested money from public exchequer through advertisement or other means for people's awakening, not consume liquor, it has no right to encourage consumption of liquor or compel for lifting the minimum guaranteed quantity by the licensee,\" observed the bench, adding, \"There cannot be approbate and reprobate in the system of governance.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15429215", "title": "Siddha docs flay Tamil Nadu Medical Council's comment", "text": "MADURAI: The Indian Siddha Medical Graduates Association has strongly condemned the statement by a member of the Tamil Nadu Medical Council who had said that graduates of siddha medicine are not real doctors.Dr M Selvin Innocent Dhas, president of the association in a statement said, \"We too underwent a five-and-a-half-year course at the Dr MGR Medical University, which is equivalent to the allopathy course. Siddha doctors are also taught how to deal with patients in emergency situations.\"The statement of Dr Jayabal of the Tamil Nadu Medical Council, which states that only allopathy practitioners are original doctors, is a move to create confusion when the state government is convening meetings to discuss the Clinical Establishment Act.Siddha doctors faced many problems during the previous rule, when they were targeted by some individual associations and the vice-chancellor of the MGR Medical University, who tried to deprive them of their rights. Dhas claimed that the university vice-chancellor even considered removing the 'S' in their BSMS degree, which stood for surgery and siddha doctors had to fight to prevent this.There are 3,500 siddha graduates in Tamil Nadu of which 600 are in government service, while 500 of them are having their own private practices. He also said that 2,000 doctors are employed as resident medical officers (RMO) in reputed hospitals.The statement further said that Kanyakumari district alone had 100 of them working as RMOs in private hospitals of reputation and working on a par with their allopathic counterparts. They were serving the society based on the knowledge gained by them in their educational curriculum. At this juncture debates and discussions as to whether they were qualified for open heart surgeries or kidney transplants was a move to tarnish their image, he added.The statements of Dr Jayabal have deeply hurt the feelings of the siddha graduates in the state. A government order 248 on the rights of siddha doctors was pending before the high court and hence statements of such order were a contempt of the court, Dhas pointed out.He also urged the chief minister J Jayalalithaa to intervene in this matter and bring about a favourable solution for the welfare of the siddha doctors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15428086", "title": "Heritage clause could rescue Moti Shahi palace", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Even as various state agencies argue over whether Moti Shahi palace after being de-listed by the Archaeological Survey of India in the 1960s can actually be protected, experts point towards a clause in the latest heritage regulations for Ahmedabad that might come to the rescue of the palace.Through a gazette notification in 2007, the urban development department made amendments to the existing development control regulations to incorporate special heritage laws and led the formation of the powerful Heritage Conservation Committee (HCC).The regulation clearly states that the law will apply to both listed properties and also those buildings that are not present in the list but are of cultural and architectural importance to the city.In the very first clause of the heritage regulations - Section 17.20.1 - talks of \"applicability\" of the regulation. It says, \"The regulation will apply to those buildings , artifacts, structures, areas and precincts having aesthetic and/or architectural and /or cultural and /or environmental significance...\" The regulation further continues and states , \"...For the purpose of this regulation, 'precinct' will hereinafter refer to any area , delineated within the Ahmedabad Urban Development Authority (AUDA)containing listed heritage buildings, artifacts, structures of historic and/or aesthetic and /or architectural and/or cultural and/or environmental significance being bound on all sides by paths, roads, water bodies or railway lines or plot lines...\"\"The HCC can take a stand and even recommend to the government or the local administration on the cultural and architectural importance of the building and that it may be treated as protected - like the 12,500 private havelis in the walled city are governed by new heritage laws,\" says a senior AMC official.Besides once the palace gets listed on the official inventory list of the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) the new conservation laws will be applicable to the building. \"Any alteration made to the building can be stalled immediately. But the competent authority, which in this case is the AMC should take the first step,\" says an official.Another very powerful clause in the heritage regulations is Section (17)(20)(4) - which allows the HCC to advice the AMC to alter, modify or relax the provisions of the prevalent development control regulations for conservation, preservation and retention of historic buildings with aesthetic, architectural and cultural importance to the city.\"There are many buildings in Gujarat that face the same dilemma as the Moti Shahi palace - orphaned, de-listed by ASI and defaced beyond recognition. How HCC reacts to the whole situation will be a test case for cities in the future. Just because the building is de-listed does not erase the fact that the building is 390 year old, one of the first buildings made by Shah Jahan and its contribution in the filed of architecture, culture and aesthetics of the city,\" adds the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15426225", "title": "Two sisters electrocuted in Sehore district", "text": "BHOPAL: Two sisters, including a minor, were electrocuted when they were working in agriculture field at Daikheda village in neighbouring Sehore district on Thursday, police said.The deceased have been identified as Savita, 12, and Satta Bai, 22, daughters of Vikram Barela - a resident of Ichawar tehsil in the district, the police said. The two died after stepping into the water-filled field, hinting at possibility of current due to snapped live wire, the police said, adding investigation are on.Rs 10L theft : Thieves targeted a house in Palasia area in Indore on Thursday and escaped with valuables worth Rs 10 lakh. The resident Prakash Chand Kukreja said almost ten members of the family were present in house at the time of the incident. Kukreja has lodged a complaint with the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15426588", "title": "Doctors save BEST mishap girl's foot", "text": "MUMBAI: Doctors at Sion Hospital have managed to save the right foot of 14-year-old Priti Prajapati. On Wednesday, a BEST bus had rammed Priti from behind when she was on her way home from school and crushed her right foot under the front wheel.\"Her blood vessels were badly crushed and we were worried that the girl might lose her foot, but the doctors have splinted the bones with the help of wires for now. Hopefully, her foot will be saved. She is under heavy medication and has been kept under observation in the hospital,\" said a senior doctor from the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15431711", "title": "Television actors celebrate Govinda", "text": "Not only is Mumbai celebrating Dahi Handi festival even the tellyworld. About half a dozen actors from various shows of Colors will be seen in Na Bole Tum Na Meine Kuch Kaha.- Saurabh Raj Jain (Yuvi of Uttaran), Gaurav S Bajaj (Aman of Uttaran), Jay Bhanushali (Anuj of Kairi), Shashank Vyas (Jagya of Balika Vadhu), Shoaib Ibrahim (Prem of Sasural Simar Ka) and Manish Rai Singhani (Siddhanth of Sasural Simar Ka) will be part of an episode of the show.It will be a masti, mischief and tomfoolery galore as they join in the celebration and partake in bringing the house and that elusive Dahi Handi down. With the Janmashtami celebrations talking place all over the city, the playful, mischievous behavior between the actors and their attempts to bring the Dahi Handi down will not only add to the celebrations, but also bring out the camaraderie between the actors.After congratulating Mohan on his marriage and fatherhood, the actors will also be seen taking advantage of the occasion and trading tips on how to be a better husband and keeping their wives happy!With the romance finally blooming between Megha and Mohan and their relationship moving to the next level, it remains to see what tips the 6 actors have in store for Mohan considering the Bhatnagar family will be going on a family-moon soon?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15428451", "title": "Dharna held to convert Patna University into central varsity", "text": "PATNA: Prominent intellectuals, academicians, politicians and social workers of the state staged a daylong dharna at Kargil Chawk here on Thursday to press for conversion of Patna University, the seventh oldest university of the country, into a central university. The dharna was organized under the banner of Bihar Rajya Nagrik Sangharsh Morcha.Addressing the dharna, former Union finance minister and a PU alumnus Yashwant Sinha agreed to lead the statewide agitation to convert PU into a central university. He said that he would raise this demand forcefully in Parliament soon. \"A strong public opinion in favour of PU must be mobilized to draw the attention of the central government towards this long pending demand,\" he said.IPS (retired) G Narayan, Magadh Mahila College sociology teacher Dharmshila Prasad, B N College geology teachers Ranbir Nandan and Ram Bali Singh, Patna Science College teacher M N Sinha, Patna University Teachers' Association former general secretary Himanshu Bhushan Prasad Sinha, PU history department former head Yuvraj Deo Prasad and agricultural scientist Rabindra Kumar Sinha also addressed the gathering and expressed their determination to continue with the struggle.Supporting the demand, PU vice-chancellor Shambhu Nath Singh said there is no harm in setting up new central universities in the state but they must not be set up at the cost of PU. \"The demand for conversion of PU into a central university is being raised for the last five to six decades but the central government has always turned a deaf ear to it. In the meantime, several new universities of other states have been taken over by the centre,\" the VC said.PU, on its own, has also submitted to the Union HRD minister a detailed proposal for its conversion into a central university. The state government has already issued its no objection to the centre, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "15432574", "title": "KFRI invites applications for Dr C Chandrasekharan Memorial Award 2012", "text": "Thrissur: Applications and nominations are invited from researchers, below 35 years of age, working on any aspect of forest conservation and management in Kerala for the award of the third Dr C Chandrasekharan Memorial Award, informed Dr KV Sankaran, Director, Kerala Forest Research Institute ( KFRI), Peechi.The award will consist of a certificate, a gold medal and a cash prize of Rs 25,000. A brief bio data and write up of not more than 1,000 words containing the objectives, current status, innovativeness of the research work etc. may be sent to Kerala Forest Research Institute, Peechi by e-mail addressed to sankarankv@gmail.com indicating subject as Dr C Chandrasekharan Memorial Award on or before September 1.The award is presented annually along with the Dr C Chandrasekharan Memorial Lecture delivered by a veteran in the field of forestry and conservation every year. For more details, visit www.kfri.org.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15428383", "title": "What penalty? You can pee anywhere and everywhere", "text": "PATNA: Remember 'Paa', the Bollywood blockbuster in which Abhishek Bachchan played dad to Amitabh Bachchan who played Auro, a patient of a rare disorder called progeria? The reel-life father, a politician, pulled over his driver to rebuke a man for using the roadside pavement as \"potty\" in the national capital. In Bihar, neither a neta nor a cop is ever seen doing that even as people, from villages as well as cities, pee in public.This despite the fact that the Bihar Municipal Act of 2007 authorizes the state's municipal bodies, including the Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC), to impose a fine ranging from Rs 100 to Rs 1,000 on every individual indulging in the 'dirty act'.The PMC administration has an excuse to offer for its failure on this front. \"The procedure for implementation of the Act has not been defined yet by the government,\" PMC's Bankipore circle executive officer Chandrashekhar Azaad told TOI on Wednesday.Another senior PMC official said everyone seemed to abuse others for using public places as lavatories. \"Why can't the people who feel offended at such a sight catch hold of the offender's collar and shoo him away?\" he asked and added even the educated people were into it.Patna's SP (city) Jayant Kant was also of the view that people themselves, more than the law or law-enforcing agencies, could rid the city of the stink. \"This is more of a social issue and could be solved through a public initiative,\" he said as he explained the police could act only on complaints and not suo moto.Lack of public toilets is another reason, said Bindeshwar Pathak, founder of the Sulabh International which runs few lavatories in Patna. \"A city as big as Patna needs at least 10,000 public toilets. If the government meets even half of the requirement, the scenario will better, for sure,\" Pathak said and estimated there could not be even 100 public lavatories in Patna.Neetu Sinha, a student, fumes at the theory of the \"urgency of the natural urge\" behind this shamelessness of men. \"Women too have this urge. If they can endure it till they reach home or office or school or college, why can't men?\" she asked.Psychiatrist Dr Amardeep Kumar appeared to be agreeing with the likes of Neetu when he said Indians had a tendency of eating in private and peeing in public. \"The 'dirty mentality' has much to do with the upbringing of the person concerned and his sense of hygiene,\" he said.The doctor's prescription? \"We can start with hygiene education at school as well as home,\" Dr Kumar said and added if we also attached stigma with this act of men and punished them with fine, things would improve fast.Ironically, even gods have not been spared with people peeing near temples. Poor gods. They cannot even cover their noses with hankies or make faces unlike the mortals that we are.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "out of the many jokes that circulated on the net, post the twipocalypse (i.e. the whole kristen cheating on robert pattinson with her snow white and the huntsman director, rupert sanders, fiasco), the most telling one was", "code": "15419009", "title": "Did cheating help Kristen Stewart\u2019s career?", "text": "Out of the many jokes that circulated on the net, post the Twipocalypse (i.e. the whole Kristen cheating on Robert Pattinson with her Snow White And The Huntsman director, Rupert Sanders, fiasco), the most telling one was: \"On the bright side, Kristen Stewart finally destroyed her reputation as the most boring person on earth .\"For too long, Stewart was the pale, expressionless Bella to Pattinson's sparkly Edward. Who'd have guessed that the same woman who could barely mutter her dialogues throughout the entire film franchise could actually have an illicit affair with a married man and the father of two children and drive a stake through our beloved vampire heart? Stewart has inspired such intense hatred amongst the legions of Twihards that this whole cheating thing might actually be working in her favour. Case in point:We can't stop talking about her Remember ex-Scientology bride Katie Holmes and how she dropped the bomb that she was finally leaving Tom Cruise (even as The Church was out to destroy her and Suri)? Did we, in our wildest dreams, think there could be anything more scandalous than that? Enter internet pictures of K-Stew canoodling with Sanders. The rest , as we say, is gossip history. Much has been said about Stewart, she has been called the P, W and S words by many. But she has single-handedly overshadowed all other news headlines - Mila-Ashton's weird hook-up, JLo's toyboy's alleged gayness and Johnny Depp-Vanessa's split.She's the most hated woman in Hollywood  Granted it isn't quite in the same category as Oscar-winner, but the 'most hated woman' is still a title. If one were to go by the old showbiz adage, \"Any publicity is good publicity\", Kristen is doing something right. Rumours circulating about her include - she hasn't showered since the break-up, she might have had another affair and that she has been banned from Pattinson's latest movie's premiere. Not a day goes by without a Kristen Stewart-centric headline and this is after she and Robert practically went into hiding. What will happen when Twilight 4 promotions are in full swing? Wait and watch.She's also the hottest woman on 'Earth' She beat Scarlett Johansson and reigning Catwoman Anne Hathaway to the title, and so close to her cheating scandal too. Coincidence? If you say so.She's landed her first major role already ... and it's one she was fighting with Oscar nominee and Hunger Games star Jennifer Lawrence for. Sources added that despite her cheating scandal, the film industry is still willing to cast her as a leading lady and she bagged the lead role in Lie Down In Darkness, which is an adaptation of William Styron's realistic novel of the same name. Judging by the last two weeks already, her pre-cheating resume looks far less impressive than the post-cheating one! On the other hand, Twilight won't suffer from the publicity either, according to trade magazines.Other actors to have gained from cheating Ashton Kutcher: He didn't just land hottie Mila Kunis , but also Charlie Sheen's plum role in Two And A Half Men , and the role of Steve Jobs in an upcoming biopicAngelina Jolie and Brad Pitt: Despite breaking America's Sweetheart, Jennifer Aniston's heart , they became Hollywood's first couple. Maybe it was because they were so beautiful or just the fact that they were great tabloid fodder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15428456", "title": "Akshaya-Manjit lobby gets 3 of 5 seats in Panjab University Teachers' Association polls", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a thumping victory for 'Akshaya Kumar-Manjit Singh lobby' in the teachers' union polls at Panjab University, three out of five new office-bearers are from their lobby and Mohammed Khalid is the new president of Panjab University Teachers' Association (PUTA). Khalid won by a maximum margin of 119 votes and defeated rival Ravi K Mahajan. Out of 623 voters, over 576 teachers turned out to vote despite a rainy spell.Defeating Tankeshwar- Ravi Mahajan team, which was being supported by associates of the new Vice-Chancellor Arun Grover, Khalid's group gave an interesting fight through rigorous campaigning. Weak campaigning by Mahajan's team was being cited as a prime reason for his defeat by teachers. In an engaging contest, the incumbent group has won posts of president, vice-president and general secretary. The post of treasurer was won by Mahajan's associate Parveen by 5 votes, but Akshaya Kumar and his lobby had demanded a re-counting. On being questioned, if they got enough support from the department of physics, Khalid responded, \"We are quite sure we got a very good response from physics department.\" The new president responded that his team was working 'totally independently' and has no association with fellows.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15429303", "title": "Clear \u00a316m CWG dues, UK govt tells India", "text": "LONDON: Prime Minister David Cameron has written to his Indian counterpart, Dr Manmohan Singh , to facilitate the release of payment due to British firms for services rendered during the 2010 Commonwealth Games in New Delhi, according to UK minister David Willets.The government of India owes \u00a316 million to Satellite Information Services or SIS \u2014 an organization that designs , constructs and operates mobile TV studios to cover mega sporting events \u2014 for the 2010 Commonwealth Games. SIS has designed, constructed and is operating a live mobile TV studio to deliver coverage of the ongoing London Olympics.Responding to agitated MPs in the House of Commons demanding payment of dues from India, David Willets , minister in the department business, innovation and skills, said, \"I assure honourable members who have raised the matter that the British government is energetically pursuing concerns of British companies with the Indian government.\" Saying Cameron had written to Singh, Willets added, \"We remain very much engaged with the issue.\"The British government has told New Delhi that it's taking a dim view of problems before securing payments for goods and services provided to Indian authorities for CWG. This was after Whitehall was reminded by SIS LIVE, acclaimed for its TV coverage of the Commonwealth event, that a contracted fee of \u00a316 million is still outstanding against India, despite the CBI having declared it innocent in a closure report of a probe submitted to a designated court.SIS was charged with paying bribes to win the CWG contract from Prasar Bharati. The company has consistently denied doing any such thing. \"It's regrettable that we should have been dragged into the maelstrom of suspicions and allegations that emerged after the Games were over,\" said David Holgate , chief executive of SIS LIVE, adding, \"Obstacles have been raised, ranging from customs issues and VAT to queries over the contract award process.\"CBI probed into the award of the broadcast contract for the Games. If the concerned court acts on the basis of CBI's recommendation, the inquiry is likely to be formally terminated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15429698", "title": "Security cells in city colleges soon", "text": "NASHIK: Colleges in the city will soon set up security cells in to ensure that there is no security lapse in their premises with respect to terrorist activities and hooliganism.This decision comes in the backdrop of the awareness programmes being taken up by the city police at schools, colleges, malls, multiplexes and temples after the recent Pune bomb blasts.Zone I of the city police commissionerate called a meeting of principals, headmasters, headmistresses and representatives of colleges and schools falling under Gangapur, Sarkarwada, Bhadrakali, Adgaon and Panchavati police stations at BYK college on Thursday.DCP Sahebrao Patil, who chaired the meeting, said though the police was conducting mock drills and combing operations to spread awareness on terror activities, cops would still need support from the citizens. \"If every student in the college informs the principal or the police about a suspicious or illegal activity in the college premises, it would go a long way in ensuring secure conditions in the city,\" added Patil. \"Close circuit television cameras should be set up at common places, there should be inspections wherein youngsters not belonging to the school, colleges, who move about with fake identity cards, should be rounded up,,\" said Patil while instructing the principals and headmasters of schools and colleges.The security cell will comprise eight boys and eight girls. It will be presided over by the principal, headmaster or headmistress of the school, while the city police will conduct a monthly meeting with the security cell of every school and college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15428998", "title": "Metro accident: Two arrested, released on bail", "text": "CHENNAI: Two site managers were arrested on Thursday after acrane crash killed a worker and injured six others at the Pachaiyappa's College metro rail work site on Poonamallee High Road on Wednesday. They were produced before the 12th metropolitan magistrate court in Egmore and released on bail. Police said Kanagaraj (32), site manager of L&T; and Rajesh (32), site manager of Shanghai Urban Construction Group (SUCG), were booked for negligence and endangering lives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15429179", "title": "Two buildings of major granite company sealed", "text": "MADURAI: In a big blow to one of the controversial granite companies accused of illegal quarrying in Madurai, a portion of its office buildings was sealed by the district administration on Thursday.After an early morning raid at the office of PRP Exports, a major granite quarrying and exporting firm at Melur, collector Anshul Mishra and rural SP V Balakrishnan sealed two blocks after asking the employees to leave the premises.\"They were sealed to prevent tweaking with records and destroying of evidences,\" Mishra said. The officials had to keep the raid plan discrete until they left for the spot to prevent the information from leaking. But they took a large posse of police as they set off for the raid in Melur to tackle any opposition from quarry employees.The collector and SP, along with a battery of senior officials entered the sprawling building housing the office and workshop of PRP Exports around 6.30am and conducted the inspection for about three hours. The officials were split into several teams to inspect the entire building spread over several acres. During the course of the inspection itself, the collector sealed two blocks even as the police prevented anyone from either entering or leaving the building. The officials also seized incriminating documents and had warned the employees not to tamper with any other records.The action comes on the eighth day of the inspection of granite quarries ordered by Mishra on the basis of former Madurai collector U Sagayam's report stating that large-scale illegal granite mining was going on in Madurai that could have caused a loss of Rs 16,338 crore to the government exchequer.Earlier on August 4, a case was registered against PRP Exports on charges of theft and destroying evidence. On Wednesday, the police raided offices and residences of employees of four granite companies and arrested 23 of them, including 14 persons from PRP Exports. Later in the night, the collector, south zone inspector general of police Rajesh Das and SP Balakrishnan held a meeting to discuss the next move about the crackdown on granite companies.Mishra said that the inspection so far has indicated illegal quarrying by at least 45 of the 175 quarries in the district. Stating that personnel from various government departments have been pressed into service to find quarrying irregularities, he said that the report would be sent to the state government after the inspections are over.As the collector was about to leave the premises, workers in the quarry blocked his car and complained that the official action was affecting their livelihood. Mishra pacified them that efforts would be taken to ensure their welfare. However, after he left, the workers attempted to stage a road blockade but dispersed after police warned them.Meanwhile, few of the employees intimidated a section of reporters and photographers at the spot. Subsequently, a complaint was submitted to the police as well as collector by a satellite television channel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15429510", "title": "Alumni, friends enlisted to teach", "text": "MUMBAI: Several school principals in the city have worked out innovative ways to overcome the problem of teaching vacancies. With no help coming from the state, they have enlisted alumni and volunteers to take classes.At Khar's Kamala High School, principal Rekha Shahani has got the alumni, retired teachers, even friends to bail her out. Her school is short of seven teachers this year. To ensure that students do not suffer, she has brought in \"visiting teachers\" and directed the regular staff to chip in with additional lectures.\"We are facing a major problem,\" says Shahani. Her teachers' days, she explains, are crammed; they no longer get breaks between classes and have to work even when sick. \"Some of our retired teachers and friends, such as a customs officer, are taking classes. Our former students are helping pupils make notes,\" she says.At Anjuman-I-Islam School, several classes were cancelled through June since nine teachers retired when the last academic session ended. In July, the school hired as many teachers but all of them are working without pay.\"It was criminal to walk by a class without a teacher. The state did not send new teachers , so we hired a few. Although we have convinced them to work without pay, there is insecurity among them,\" said principal Saba Patel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15426193", "title": "Boy commits suicide", "text": "BHOPAL: A teenaged boy allegedly committed suicide on Thursday morning by hanging himself in his house in Pipaliya Pende Khan, a locality on the outskirts of Bhopal under the limits of Bagh Sawenia police station. He left behind a suicide note holding his paternal uncle responsible for the act.According to police, the deceased Mahendra Malviya, 16, was a student of Class XI. He wrote in his suicide note that Munna Papa -- his father's elder brother -- was responsible for his death. He also apologized to his parents for taking the extreme step.The police said the deceased was average in his studies and was not going to school since four to five days. Police are investigating the immediate cause of provocation that led to his taking the extreme step and the alleged role of his uncle in the incident. The deceased's uncle lives next to his house and is employed with the BHEL . The statements of the family members, including the one mentioned in the suicide note, will be recorded, the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15432048", "title": "Nasscom takes to mentoring young startups", "text": "When Manjunath M Gowda sold his technology startup S7 Software to California-based internet-security software maker Blue Coat Systems for $8.25 million, information technology industry body Nasscom played a key role to help him negotiate hard and get the best deal.\"I had no idea how to valuate, quote or negotiate in such deals and Nasscom mentors helped me out in that,\" says Gowda, who received mentoring from Nasscom members such as MindTree CEO Krishnakumar Natarajan and entrepreneurs Sharad Sharma and Sanjay Anandaram.Nasscom's focus as lobbyist for the country's offshoring industry or big boys club is now shifting to mentoring young startups whose revenues are growing rapidly despite the economic downturn.\"India was very much known for services. It is heartening to see that more than 2,400 product startups have emerged in the last one or two years,\" says Nasscom president Som Mittal. Besides handholding, the trade body is also now enabling early stage investment to catalyse the start-up ecosystem in the country.Experts such as Jerome S Engel, professor and founding executive director emeritus, Lester Center for Entrepreneurship at University of California, Berkeley, says entrepreneurship is booming in India. \"It is like coming home here. I can see young entrepreneurs with tremendous optimism doing innovations, just the same way as in Silicon Valley ,\" says Engel, who was in Bangalore this week to participate in an entrepreneurship summit organised by technology major Intel and the Department of Science and Technology.However, Engel says that there is a great need for big companies to connect with small firms.CIO Forums To address such issues, Nasscom has formed a forum, where chief information officers (CIO) from top 200 companies will participate to see how they can deploy the indigenous technologies and products developed by startups.It recently started engagements with Unilever, the world's second-biggest consumer-goods maker; AT&T;, the largest US phone company; and Standard Chartered, Britain's second-biggest bank by market value, to review some of the local technologies. Many of these innovations are relevant in their emerging market strategy.This month, it is planning to bring in top officials from one of the world's largest consumer products company to check the products developed by small firms. \"I am really excited to showcase my technology at the forum,\" says Sathya Karthik R, chief executive of Abiba Systems, a Bangalore-based business intelligence and analytics firm, who recently attended a mentoring session by the trade body. Another initiative Productsmade.in is creating an online market for products developed by startups.Focus on social ventures Last month, Mittal had a round table discussion with a dozen entrepreneurs. Among them was Siva Devireddy, founder of one-year-old social enterprise GoCoop. The startup is connecting thousands of co-operatives and self-help groups running in rural India, enabling better trade and marketing opportunities at regional, national and global markets.\"After the session, I had a discussion with Nasscom officials and they are now planning to set up a group focused on social enterprises,\" says Devireddy, a former director at Accenture, one of the largest technology-consulting compan. For Devireddy this initiative is crucial as it will help social entrepreneurs like him to reach out to companies in the mainstream of business.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15426289", "title": "Rs 10L theft in house in wee hours", "text": "INDORE: Thieves targeted a house in Palasia area in the wee hours on Thursday and escaped with valuables worth Rs 10 lakh.The resident Prakash Chand Kukreja who lodged a complaint with police, said that at the time of the incident, all 10 family members were present in the house. He said that on the night when thieves struck, the family members could sleep only at 4 am as his nephew was not well and got up at around 6.45 am.The theft came to light only when one of the family members went to the washroom and noticed that it was locked from inside and the window was open. When they checked the almirah to find that many valuables were missing. Kukreja said that his wife was shocked after the incident.Police have registered the case under relevant sections of IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15429892", "title": "Discussion on moral policing tomorrow", "text": "MANGALORE: Mahatma Gandhi Shanthi - Souharda Vedike will organize an interaction programme on 'Moral Policing and Indian Culture' at Sahodaya auditorium on Saturday.Supreme Court advocate Ravivarma Kumar and writer BT Lalitha Nayak will deliver the talk. Vedike founder president Ravishankar Shetty will inaugurate while city police commissioner Seemant Kumar Singh and journalist M Raghuram will be the guests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15428119", "title": "CBI court grants bail to RK Verma", "text": "LUCKNOW: A CBI court on Thursday granted bail to RK Verma, an accused in the NRHM scam.Verma is also in jail in connection the murders of two CMOs Dr VK Arya and Dr BP Singh.The judge JP Singh passed the order as the CBI could not file chargesheet against him within the stipulated period of 90 days from the day of his arrest in the case.The court directed him to furnish two sureties to the amount of Rs one lakh each and a personal bond of the same amount.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15429890", "title": "Workshop on plant diversity from today", "text": "MANGALORE: A two-day workshop on plant diversity and conservation will be held at Pilikula Nisarga Dhama from Friday. The workshop is being organized in association with the Union ministry of environment and forest. The Western Ghats, which houses rich floral and faunal diversity, is one among the 34 biodiversity hotspots in the world.To create awareness among college students about the importance of plant taxonomy and conservation, a garden for threatened plants will be inaugurated during the workshop. RR Rao, INSA scientist and former head of the National Botanical Research Institute, Lucknow will inaugurate the workshop. This will follow lectures by eminent resource persons like RR Rao, M Sanjappa, K Gopalakrishna Bhat, Udupi, MD Rajanna, and Krishna Kumar, chairman of the department of applied botany, Mangalore University.KM Kaveriappa, member secretary of Karnataka State Higher Education Council will preside over the inaugural function. Students from Mangalore University and different colleges will participate in the workshop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "15429347", "title": "Teenage girl\u2019s abduction in Pak triggers Hindu panic", "text": "ISLAMABAD: A 14-year-old Hindu girl has been abducted from Pakistan's Sindh province, triggering widespread concern among the minority community and reports of their apparent exodus.The teenage girl, Manisha Kumari, was kidnapped on Tuesday from Jacobabad in Sindh, which has a sizeable Hindu population, Pakistan Hindu Council president Jethanand Doonger Mal Kohistani said on Thursday.The girl's kidnapping and the abduction of 11 Hindu traders from Balochistan and Sindh over the past few months has added to the community's concerns, he said.Though TV news channels claimed several Hindu families from Jacobabad had decided to migrate to India because of forced conversions, extortion and kidnapping, Kohistani and Human Rights Commission of Pakistan activist Amarnath Motumal said there was no evidence to substantiate these reports.Babu Mahesh Lakhani, the head of a Hindu panchayat, had claimed several Hindu families had decided to migrate to India and others were planning to follow them as they felt insecure in Pakistan. Some Hindu leaders even claimed 60 families had left for India and more families would cross via the Wagah border this week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15428233", "title": "Krishna Janmashtami: Tourists throng Dwarka for celebrations", "text": "AHMEDABAD: As Dwarka gears up for Janmashtami, the number of tourists who have visited the town has increased considerably. Elaborate arrangements have been made to ensure smooth darshan for devotees. Rajya Sabha Member of Parliament and Vice Chairman of the Dwarkadheesh Devasthan Samiti, Parimal Nathwani, said Janmashtami 2012 is the 5,114th birthday of Lord Krishna according to scriptural details and astrological calculations. Krishna, who was born in Mathura and brought up in Gokul-Vrindavan in Uttar Pradesh, is thought to have spent three quarters of his life in Dwarka as Dwarkadheesh.The Dwarkadheesh Devasthan Samiti, under the chairmanship of Jamnagar district collector Sandeep Kumar has made elaborate arrangements. Also, the railways and State Transport Corporation have arranged special trips to Dwarka for the benefit of devotees.Jamnagar police superintendent Harikrishna Patel personally monitored police deployment to avert untoward incidents. In view of the increased focus on tourism by the state government, the flow of tourists from outside Gujarat has also gone up substantially.Dwarkadheesh Devasthan Samiti and the state government have taken several steps to make a visit to Dwarka, memorable. Major industries of the district like Reliance Industries and Tata Chemicals are contributing substantially for development in and around Dwarka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "15428096", "title": "Tight security for Nehru Trophy Boat Race", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: District collector P Venugopal said elaborate arrangements are in place for the smooth conduct of the 60th edition of the Nehru Trophy Boat Race on Saturday.\"We will ensure security. Over 1,800 policemen including 12 DySPs, 26 circle inspectors and 300 sub-inspectors will be deployed in and around the venue.\"There will be medical teams led by doctor and quick reaction team of the police wing to handle any emergencies,\" said district police chief K G James.Addressing reporters on Thursday, the collector said that 64 boats including 20 snake boats, would participate in the event.Lok Sabha speaker Meira Kumar will inaugurate the race at 2 pm. Chief minister Oommen Chandy , Union minister of state for power K C Venugopal , state ministers, MPs, MLAs and music maestro Ilayaraja will be present on the occasion.The snake boat race will start at 3.15 pm and the prize distribution ceremony will begin by 5.30pm.Tickets worth Rs 12 lakh have already been sold by various government departments in five districts.\"Seating arrangements are in place for 17,000 visitors. Nehru Pavilion has been reserved for VVIPs and VIPs. People, who have bought tickets worth Rs 2,000, Rs 1,000, Rs 500 and Rs 30 will be seated on the land pavilion. People should take the road leading to the finishing point to reach the pavilion. Boats have been arranged to ferry VVIPS and VIPS to the Nehru Pavilion from DTPC's boat Jetty,'' said Venugopal.\"District administration has provided insurance cover of Rs 2 lakh for the participants and the audience. There will also be special boats and bus services from Punnamada to town after the race,\" said the collector.Alappuzha revenue divisional officer A Gopakumar, district information officer P R Roy, district informatics officer Parvathi Devi P and senior NTBR executive committee member Kalleli Raghavan Pillai attended the press conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15428142", "title": "Three years after bail, prisoner freed", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat high court on Thursday passed a second order releasing a prisoner on bail, as he was not released despite the first bail order in 2009. He filed a second bail plea last month.While releasing the prisoner, Aslam Shaikh alias Doocho, Justice Abhilasha Kumari passed serious strictures against the system, involving both judiciary and advocates and termed the incident \"most unfortunate, whatever be the reason\".It was the accused in a multi-level marketing scam, Zahir Rana who promised to supply solvency for Shaikh's release from Sabarmati Central Jail, where he has been incarcerated since 2009, in connection with a loot case in Bavla. The court also observed that it was a monumental lapse by the lawyer, and his explanation was unsatisfactory and vague.The HC also criticized the lower court's decision rejecting his bail plea on the ground that the HC had already granted bail. On Thursday, Shaikh told the court knew that had been granted bail, but could not come out because of his poor financial situation and hence moved the sessions court, but failed.The judge observed, \"It is the duty of this court to ensure that such incidents do not happen again...This is a most unfortunate situation, to say the least. The applicant has had to remain in jail for three years after this court released him on bail, for no fault of his own. It amounts to nothing less than a serious deprivation of his fundamental right to life and liberty. But who is responsible for this situation? It is the casual attitude and carelessness of all concerned that is writ large on the face of the record.\"\"The court also said that this case should serve as an eye-opener to all concerned with the administration of justice, including the Bar and Bench. It highlights the serious need for introspection and evolution of mechanisms to ensure such an incident is not repeated,\" the judge said.The court pulled up the state government for its callous attitude. \"The State is the prosecutor and the main litigant in every criminal case. It, therefore, ought to have knowledge of the outcome of every criminal case, be it an order passed in a bail application or any other criminal matter,\" with this observation the HC directed to evolve a mechanism to ensure that the outcome of every criminal matter, especially orders on bail applications, are reported to the concerned police and jail authorities. It further ordered the authorities to apprise the court of developments within a stipulated time.So far as a system of permitting direct service is concerned, the court directed the registry to place this matter before the chief justice on the administrative side for further directions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15431529", "title": "Rakeysh Mehra, Apoorva Lakhia &amp; Priyadarshan to direct Kapoor's 24", "text": "T he latest on Anil Kapoor's ambitious desi version of the popular American television series 24 is that even as AbhinavDeo of Delhi Belly fame continues to hold the directorial reins, RakeyshMehra , ApoorvaLakhia and Priyadarshan have volunteered to be guest directors on the mega serial.  Deo will be, what a source close to the show informed, the Head of the Directorial Board. And the final call on inducting the three filmmakers in question will rest solely with him.The trio may end up directing a few episodes of the Indian avatar of 24. This is not the first such instance in the television industry, where it is a known fact that no one director shoots the entire programme from the first to the last episode. Morever, desi 24, like its American counterpart, will run for eight seasons with each season comprising 24 episodes.According to the source, Mehra, Lakhia and Priyadarshan are familiar with the original 24. \"They have a fabulous working relationship with Anil. When they offered their services, Anil felt really honoured,\" said the source. It is learnt Anil met up with each of the three filmmakers separately in his Juhu office and Deo was present at all the meetings.Interestingly, Anil is trying out various looks in his upcoming series and the actor's fans have been sending him suggestions as well. \"The shoot of 24 begins in the fourth week of December. Anil's final look will be decided by mid-October,\" said the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15428915", "title": "Residents demand crossing on BRTS lane near Shalimar townships", "text": "INDORE: Problems galore for motor vehicle owners at one of the largest townships in Indore - Shalimar township on AB road due to the construction of BRTS corridor. Abrupt end to the service lane on either side of the entry to the complex has added to the woes of 1000 residents who own four-wheelers in the township.Chairman of Shalimar Township, B Singh said, \"We have lodged a complaint with the divisional commissioner, and we are also sending an application signed by the residents to the authorities requesting to provide a route till the township. Presently, the residents have to take a longer U turn to get into the township.\"Many residents use wrong ways to enter the society,\" he said.Secretary of Shalimar Township, Gautam Ganguly said, \"We sent letters to the IDA and to the BRTS in this regard but we didn't receive any reply from them. Hence, we are planning to again send them a letter signed by the residents of the township.\"Kamlesh Raikhere, a Shalimar resident said, \"We face problems mostly during morning hours. Thanks to the traffic volume during those hours, I always get late for my office.\"Another resident Abha Jain said, \"There is no cut in the BRTS lane near the entrance area so residents have to drive a kilometre distance to reach the road. We also do not have street lights on the stretch which becomes dangerous during night hours.\"According to Deepak Hasija, \"Around 1,500 four-wheelers and more number of two-wheelers are there in the township. Hence, the administration must pay heed to our demands.\"When contacted, BRTS project manager, Mohammed Makarani said, \"If we start giving crossing near every township, the purpose of the BRTS will not be accomplished. At every 500 metres, there is a junction on BRTS route.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15427083", "title": "Actor held for cheating youth by promising job", "text": "CHENNAI: A 28-year-old actor was arrested on Thursday on charges of cheating a youth of 5 lakh with the promise of a job abroad.Police said S Pavan Kumar, an engineer, took the amount from M Manikandan of Ayanavaram in 2009 saying he would get him a job with the help of his contacts in the US and the UK. Later, when Pavan Kumar failed to get him the job, didn't return the money and even threatened him with dire consequences, Manikandan approached the Central Crime Branch.Kumar, son of a dance master had done small roles in several films and claimed to have bagged the lead roles in 'Moovirendu Ezhu' (Tamil) and 'Jinga' (Telugu) that are scheduled to be released by year-end, police said.\"He came in contact with Manikandan through friends and cheated him,\" said an investigating officer.Interrogations revealed that Pavan Kumar had invested more than Rs 4 crore in his coming films and promised Manikandan to return the money after the release of his movie. A case was registered under IPC Sections 420 (cheating) and 506 (i) (punishment for criminal intimidation) and Pavan Kumar was remanded in judicial custody. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15432139", "title": "Sponsorships impact on the dahi handi festival", "text": "Mumbai: The emergence of organised sponsorship is having an impact on the festival of dahi handi, starting from the govindas' traditional diet to their motivation to play for hard cash. On the morning of Janmashtami touring govindas pack light snacks like kanda poha for the trip and have mostly avoided greasy items like vada pao. \"Oily food sits heavy on the stomach which is not good on a day when you need to perform exhaustive gymnastics and stay alert.Now the boys are offered full vegetarian meals which tends to slow down their movements,\" says Sanjay Ahire, a govinda from Lalbaug. \"We had been carrying packets of the energy booster Glucon-D for our touring mandal for many years, but now our patrons have started to distribute caskets of Red Bull because that is part of the sponsorship deal,\" says the spokesperson of a leading govinda pathak in Parel. The fortunes of women's teams, which are paid a fraction of the prize money that male govindas earn, have started to turn too. \"For the first time we have found a sponsor in Ameya Hete of titbit.com who has offered to shoulder all our expenses.Earlier we had to pay for food and transportation from our own pockets,\" says the president of the Parle Sports Club, one of the best known groups of women gymnasts in the city of Mumbai. Political parties tend to supply low-quality T-shirts, she says, making them feel humiliated by the reluctant dole. This year though, the sponsors of this club have arranged for good quality material that will last more than one season. Needless to say, organisers who announce lakhs of rupees as reward tend to draw large participation, never mind whether the money is actually distributed or not.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15427460", "title": "Health department raids Hyderabad food joints", "text": "HYDERABAD: GHMC health wing officials found cooked food stored in a refrigerator at Mainland China during their raid on Thursday. They also found cobwebs and unhygienic conditions in the kitchen of G Pulla Reddy Sweets in Somajiguda.Civic officials found cooked food stored in a refrigerator at Mainland China, while they found cobwebs and unhygienic conditions at the kitchen of G Pulla Reddy Sweets in Somajiguda on Thursday.Civic officials served notices on the two establishments for keeping food material in unhygienic conditions. They also seized food samples from the establishments.According to GHMC additional commissioner (health and sanitation) L Vandan Kumar, raids were conducted on 12 establishments. They found raw food material and cooked food stored in fridges which is against the prescribed norms. Rotten food material has been sent for examination.A large quantity of cooked food, including non-vegetarian food, was stored in the refrigerator. Meat was stored without any proper storage facilities at Mainland China, while at Pulla Reddy Sweets, officials found that sweets were being prepared in a kitchen with unhygienic conditions and not even minimum precaution was taken while packing sweets. The inspecting team was surprised to see that sweet boxes were stacked in a location where there was dust and cobwebs.\"Hotels should not keep cooked food in refrigerators, but many have been preserving it and serving them to customers later,\" the additional commissioner said.The GHMC officials also enquired about the salaries of employees and found that most of them were from Jharkhand and Anantapur district.The workers were being paid Rs 4,000 per month, which is against the minimum wages rule, and other facilities like provident fund and ESI were not being provided to them.Incidentally, when officials started the raids in the afternoon, hotels in the surrounding area like Greenlands, Punjagutta and Ameerpet downed their shutters fearing raids on their eateries. However, the additional commissioner said raids would continue across the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "bharuch", "code": "15428282", "title": "1,000 evacuated, Narmada waters recede", "text": "BHARUCH: The water level at Sardar Sarovar Dam was 127.16 metre mark, which was six metres above its maximum level at 121 metres, and at Golden Bridge it was five feet above the danger level at 27.5 feet on Thursday.It is after five years that people of Bharuch were seeing Narmada river flow bank to bank in the district. Bharuch district administration has shifted at least 1,000 people from low-lying areas from near the Golden Bridge, Dandiya Bazaar and Juna Kansiya, Khalapiya, Sarfudin and Borbhatha Bet villages of Ankleshwar taluka and Juna Porgam of Jhagadia taluka.Meanwhile, large tracts of fields in villages like Mangrol, Rampura, Guvar, Shehrav, Tarsal, Poicha, Gamdi and Nava Khali in Narmada district have submerged.Jairam Patel, a farmer, said, \"Our standing crop has been completely submerged.\" P M Patel, chief engineer, Sardar Sarovar Nigam Limited, said, \"The outflow from Omkareshwar Dam has reduced. The water level too was reducing by at least 15 centimetres every hour. However, the dam will continue to overflow for next three to four days.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15427197", "title": "Child rights panel summons cop over SRK Wankhede episode", "text": "MUMBAI: Controversy continues to dog actor Shah Ru-kh Khan. Nea-rly three mon-ths after the ugly episode at Wankhede stadium, the Maharashtra State Commission for the Protection of Child Rights has called the senior police inspector of Marine Lines police station for a preliminary investigation.The commission called for the inquiry after a complaint by activist Amit Maru on the police's failure to register a cognizable offence against Khan for \"hurling filthy and dirty abuses in front of a large number of children\". Maru has in the past complained of violations at Shah Rukh's residence Mannat and the case is pending in the Supreme Court.Maru has listed seven reasons for registering a cognizable offence against Shah Rukh, including the Bombay Children Act, 1948. \"Shah Rukh, an enormous celebrity, who the people of India, particularly children, emulate and follow, has harmed the future of our nation by corrupting minds of children by uttering filthy and dirty abuses in the public. No responsible parent would ever like her/his child to speak such words as was heard by the nation and its crores of children. Hence, as our commitment to society, as in many other cases such as Adarsh, Lavasa and Hiranandani, and for our quest for moral and academic upgradation of our children, we ventured to invoke justice,'' said lawyer-activist Y P Singh.Shah Rukh was not available for comment.Psychiatrist Harish Shetty said the complaint was a reflection of the mask of immunity surrounding celebrities being torn off. Asha Bajpayi, professor of law at the Tata Institute of Social Sciences said the Bombay Children Protection Act, 1948, had been replaced by the Juvenile Justice (Care and Protection of Children) Act, 1986, amended in 2000 and 2006. Dr Samir Dalwai said the issue was being blown out of proportion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "15429102", "title": "Youth killed in Hazaribag road accident", "text": "HAZARIBAG: A youth was killed when the two-wheeler he was driving fell into the Konar river when he failed to negotiate a speed breaker. Ironically, the incident occurred even as the Hazaribag police is observing a traffic awareness-cum-safety week.Pelawal police station OC R K Tiwari said the youth, identified as Ashok Kumar Singh, who was going to a sponge iron factory at Kundilbagi when the incident occurred.He died of serious head wounds. He wasn't wearing a helmet, police said.The police have sent the body to Hazaribag Sadar Hospital for post-mortem examination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15427748", "title": "Follow norms on reporting on kids: I&B; ministry", "text": "NEW DELHI: Following a Delhi High Court order, the information and broadcasting (I&B;) ministry on Thursday issued a directive to all TV channels asking them to adhere to guidelines laid down by the national child rights panel to protect the identity of children in need of care and protection and juveniles in conflict with law.The National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) has established guidelines for sensitive portrayal of children in media.In a statement, the ministry said, \"The commission has recommended that necessary directives be issued to entire print and electronic media to refrain from publishing the names, pictures, home address, school address and other parameters of identity of such children who need to be reported upon by media on account of certain circumstances including difficult circumstances as such disclosures only tend to leave their imprint and affect the social and mental health of children in their crucial stage of development.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15426871", "title": "Shanti Bhushan CD case: Police to take Mulayam's voice sample", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Police is going to question Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav and record his voice sample in the Shanti Bhushan CD case during the ongoing monsoon session of Parliament.Delhi Police is probing the content of the controversial CD afresh, in which Yadav, Shanti Bhushan and Amar Singh were reportedly talking about `managing' a Supreme Court judge and a deal of Rs 4 crore was struck, and whether the voice samples belonged to the trio.Delhi Police had earlier downplayed the case by filing closure report, but court had rejected it in January, asking them to conduct a thorough investigation behind the motive of the CD. The court had stated in its order that \"The prosecuting agency clearly failed to investigate as to what the motive of creating such a CD. Was it to malign the complainant (Shanti Bhushan) and in turn thwart the civil society movement on the Lokpal Bill, which he had undertaken or was it a ploy to make the Supreme court judge to recuse himself from the Bench which was hearing 2G case?\"Delhi Police had registered a case under Section 469 (forgery for purpose of harming reputation), but after the strict view of the court on its closure report, they had to add the criminal conspiracy section in it.The 'fake' CD surfaced last year in which Shanti Bhushan is reportedly telling Yadav that his son, Prashant, could fix a SC judge for a fee, when Team Anna's anti-corruption agitation \u2014 of which the Bhushans were an integral part \u2014 was gathering momentum. Bhushan had approached Delhi Police claiming that the CD was sent to him by an unknown person and it was spliced. Delhi Police had sent the CD to two forensic laboratories, Delhi and Chandigarh CFSL, which gave varying opinions following which it filed the closure report in August, 2011, claiming CD was genuine. The police had claimed that their investigation was restricted to ascertain the CD's authenticity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15427511", "title": "High-speed rail corridor feasible: Consortium", "text": "KOLKATA: In a state where a sizeable chunk of the population supports the decision not to raise train fares, will people be ready to shell out Rs 1,000 or more to cover the 135-odd kilometres between Haldia and Kolkata in less than an hour? This is the question doing the rounds, now that the Spanish consortium engaged by the Indian Railways to conduct a pre-feasibility study on a high-speed railway corridor between Kolkata and Haldia has stated that it is possible to run trains between the two locations at 200-300 km per hour.The ministry of railways, in consultation with state governments, proposed high speed corridors between Delhi-Chandigarh-Amritsar, Pune- Mumbai-Ahmedabad, Hyderabad-Dornakal-Vijaywada-Chennai, Chennai-Bangalore-Coimbatore-Ernakulum, Howrah-Haldia and Delhi-Agra-Lucknow-Varanasi-Patna. It was also proposed to set up a National High Speed Rail Authority ( NHSRA) for planning, standard setting, implementing and monitoring these projects. It was estimated that the construction cost per km would be Rs 75-100 crore.\"The consortium of M/s INECO, M/s PROINTEC and M/s Ayesha (the consultant) was engaged to conduct a pre-feasibility study. The study was completed earlier this year and the report stated that it is feasible to build an elevated corridor from Kolkata (Howrah) to Haldia. Some companies from Japan have also expressed their interest in providing high-speed trains for these corridors. However, all these projects will be extremely cost-intensive. It has been estimated that the Haldia-Kolkata stretch (the smallest one) will cost over Rs 10,000 crore. Unlike other railway networks in the country, the rate of return will have to be high for the high-speed trains. Though a feasibility report has not yet been prepared, passengers would need to pay at least Rs 10 per km,\" an official said.Though Haldia is an industrial township and there is a demand for better connectivity from Kolkata, officials aren't sure whether this ambitious project will be financially viable. In the past, a catamaran service between Kolkata and Haldia had to be closed down due to lack of adequate patronage.\"If high speed trains are to be run, an elevated corridor is the only solution. Given the situation in the country, land acquisition is a very difficult proposition. For an elevated corridor, we would require only small patches of land for the pillars. The tracks and electric supply would also be quite different from those used by Indian Railways now. The tracks would have to be fenced to prevent people or animals from crossing over.Running services are also expensive as power requirements will be much higher. An elevated corridor is much more expensive than surface tracks though. Laying tracks on the surface costs much less and a lower rate of return can be considered,\" the official said.People are now wondering whether the route from Howrah to Haldia for the high speed corridor was a right choice. The railways could have selected a longer route which is in greater demand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15427224", "title": "Scanty rain proves blessing for a festival, bane for another", "text": "MUMBAI: The scanty rainfall this year has had a diametrically opposite effect on Ganeshotsav and Janmashtami. While the water cut has hurt idol makers, who need to mix a lot of water with plaster of paris, the dry spell allows govindas to practise their human pyramid formations uninterrupted.A prize-winning mandal in Airoli has been sharpening its skills without slipping as they clamber over one another or having to take frequent breaks. \"It has definitely been easier to practise this time, particularly as all govindas are students or working people who only get a few hours at night to hone their skills. If it rains, we lose precious time. Moreover, the boys tend to fall ill more often if they get soaked so with the rain largely absent this time, we have a full house,\" says member Rohan Kotkar.However, the downside is that less water is available for idol makers, who require vast quantities to mix with plaster of paris. \"We usually keep big drums to catch rainwater outside the workshop,\" says noted idol maker Rajan Zhad, who sculpts the Tejukaya Ganpati. \"This year, the BMC has announced a water cut so the pressure in taps is low. The drums we keep in the open are half-empty as it isn't raining either.\"His neighbour Santosh Kambli, who makes the Lalbaugcha Raja, has a civic water connection in his permanent workshop but agrees that smaller 'moortikars' who work out of makeshift sheds are facing a crunch. \"Rainwater is pure and is a valuable resource for them, so they would have had to scrounge for water this year. We have drums around four feet tall, which last a day or two depending upon the workload. Some workshops sculpt anywhere from 400-600 idols, even 1,000 at times, so they require vast quantities of water. Mine is a small establishment so we get by on less,\" he says.It remains to be seen how much of this precious resource ends up being wasted Friday as govinda mandals requisition water tankers for dahi handi celebrations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15428410", "title": "When bulls took the govt by the horns", "text": "PANAJI: The seizure of nine bulls by the Collem police last year and the cattle's subsequent treatment at an animal welfare society, has cost the government dear.Its efforts to get the cattle owner, charged with cruelty, to bear the treatment bill, has bagged it the meatier part of the Rs 85,000 charge.The payment-of-the-bill dispute between the police and the cattle owner had traversed several courts for a year-and-a-half till the high court of Bombay at Goa passed its order recently.High court Justice A P Lavande ordered that both, the owner and the government have to shell out for the bill sent by the Panaji Animal Welfare Society (PAWS).The cattle owner, however, will have to to bear only 20,000 initially. The court has asked the judicial magistrate first class (JMFC), which had previously heard the case, to decide on the owner's liability towards the medical expenses.Payments have to be made to PAWS in two weeks.On January 31, 2011, Collem police seized three vehicles carrying nine bulls and 64 pigs, along with a huge quantity of illegal meat.They booked the cattle owner, Madivalappa Chalwadi, and others under provisions of the Goa Animal Prevention Act, Indian Penal Code and Prevention of Cruelty to Animal Act, 1960. The latter as the animals had been found bound by rope.After the seizure, the bulls were shifted to PAWS for \"urgent medical attention for their survival\".PAWS had agreed to keep the bulls on payment of fees, while taking their possession. It subsequently declined to release the bulls as the society had not been paid.On February 23, 2011, the JMFC at Sanguem ordered that the bulls shall be handed over to the owner after obtaining the treatment and medical charges from him, if the injuries were sustained by the animals prior to attachment.The JMFC further directed that the remainder of the cost of maintenance of the animals during investigation would be borne by the state government.Refusing to pay, the owner challenged the JMFC decision before the additional sessions court (ASC) at Margao.On March 28, 2011, the ASC held that the owner is not liable to pay. It observed that the police had neither informed nor had taken the consent of the owner before sending the bulls to PAWS. The ASC further stated that no order had been obtained from the JMFC to allow the police to send the bulls to PAWS and to recover the treatment cost from the owner.Seeing red over the order, the government knocked the doors of the high court. Justice Lavande observed that the owner, having obtained an order of release in his favour on certain terms and conditions, cannot be allowed to say that he will not be liable to pay medical expenses towards the treatment of the bulls, which were admittedly injured and which were taken from his possession.The court then ordered the owner to pay initially 20,000 and the government to pay the balance amount of 85,089 to PAWS within two weeks. It also directed the JMFC to pass an order fixing the reasonable amount payable by the owner towards medical expenses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15428189", "title": "Criminal case against KMF director in chit fund row", "text": "BANGALORE: Police registered a criminal case against Maruthi Kashampur, a director of Karnataka Milk Federation ( KMF) and brother of Bandeppa Kashampur (JDS MLA from Bidar) for allegedly cheating a private chit company.Basaveshwaranagar police filed an FIR against Kashampur under Sections 420, 423, 465, 467, 468, 471 and 474 read with 34 of IPC. The case was registered after the fifth additional metropolitan magistrate ordered an investigation and asked for a report to be submitted by November 24 on a private complaint filed by KP Pushparaj, associated vice-president of Surabhi Chits Ltd, Basaveshwaranagar.The complaint alleged that Kashampur participated in a chit auction on June 9, 2008 and bid for an amount of Rs 60 lakh. He received a sum of Rs 89.3 lakh. While receiving the amount, he executed a guarantee of on-demand pro-note and had pledged two sale deeds of a property measuring 20 guntas in Gullar Haveli village in Bidar taluk.Kashmapur became a defaulter in repaying the chit amount and a cheque for repayment bounced. \"The accused is avoiding receiving notices and using his brother's name to threaten the complainant,\" the complaint alleged.The chit company found that the mortgaged property was sold to Neelavathi, wife of K Nagaiah Khelgi, without bringing it to the notice of the complainant. The complaint alleged it's a clear case of criminal breach of trust, cheating and fraud.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "15427746", "title": "Western Coalfields Limited workers against curtailing manpower on rest day", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Miners with Western Coalfields Limited (WCL) are unhappy with the management's move to work with 20% less manpower on Wednesday, a rest day but workers are paid double wages if they are called on duty. Usually, there is 100% attendance of workers in opencast mines on Wednesdays. This move is aimed at cutting financial losses of the company. However, workers' unions are opposing it and instead demanded officers to set example by slashing their own expenses.WCL area management started adopting this practice three months ago following orders issued by WCL director (personnel) asking the area managements to curtail 20% manpower in mines on Wednesday. \"Even after nationalization of the company and nine wage boards, miners and non-executive staffers in WCL are still working as daily wage workers. They are paid for only 26 working days whereas executive officers have four paid holidays in a month. However, to keep the production going on rest days, the company asks workers to come on duty and pays double wages. But the management is now trying to curtail manpower on Wednesday to check losses,\" said area safety committee member of Wani area and AITUC leader, Khurshid Aslam.Worker unions are up in arms against this move. Their leaders have decided that no worker will report on duty on Wednesday at mines where the management is trying to cut down manpower. The Naygaon opencast mine remained closed on Wednesday, August 8 as no worker came on duty. Rattled by this, CGM of Wani area, RC Sanodiya, summoned a meeting of area joint coordination committee on Thursday.\"The CGM explained that the 20% manpower cut was being done in accordance with orders from the higher ups. However, as per an agreement with the company management, workers with five attendances in a week will be called on duty on Wednesday and paid double the wages. Besides curtailing production line manpower, the management is also looking at cutting down clerical staff on Wednesdays. We have apposed this move as well,\" said Wani area president of AITUC, Santosh Mishra, who is also member of area coordination committee. He claimed that the committee's meeting was inconclusive.Mishra held that if the company is running in losses, what have the executive officers done to curtail them? \"Executive officers get Performance Related Payment (PRP), a bonus on achievement of task. If they successfully manage to curtail 20% manpower on Wednesday then they will be rewarded with PRP, while miners will be deprived of a day's wage. Instead, these officers should set an example by curtailing their own expenses,\" said Mishra.WCL safety committee member and senior HMS leader of Chandrapur area, Zia-ul-Haq claimed that similar attempts were being made at Chandrapur WCL area. \"All unions are together on this issue and have so far foiled any attempts to curtail manpower on Wednesday. The management has held several meetings with the unions but failed to give any convincing explanation. Presently, the management is resting sluggish staffers on Wednesday and curtailing overtime, travelling and daily allowances to limit the losses,\" added Haq.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15427889", "title": "Ventilator shortage at MGM claims yet another infant's life", "text": "HYDERABAD: In yet another case of official apathy and lack of medical equipment, a four-day-old infant died at the children's ward in the MGM Hospital in Warangal on Thursday. This is the fourth death of an infant in the last 26 days due to lack of ventilators at the hospital.Parents, Ravinder and Jyothi alleged that their baby girl had developed breathing problems in the early hours but the paramedical staff could not organise a ventilator for her.\"The duty doctors in the children's ward did not take proper care of our daughter since her birth four days back. There was no duty nurse or doctor this morning to attend to the patients,\" they said.By the time help arrived, the baby girl had breathed her last. The parents asked as to why the ventilator was not used to revive their daughter. The poor agriculture labourers hail from Mallampally village in Palakurthy mandal.On August 6, a five-month-old baby had died because of ventilator shortage in the hospital. An auto driver had also died due to lack of ventilator at the hospital on July 12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15427859", "title": "Woman creates ruckus at temple", "text": "NAGPUR: A woman created ruckus when the devotees were busy celebrating Janmashtami at Hanuman temple on Naik Road under the jurisdiction of Kotwali police station on Thursday evening.Sources said the devotees tried to stop Nirmala Mule, who stays opposite the temple. But they were abused and thrashed. The temple priest and some devotees then alerted the nearby police station and Mule was taken into custody.Police said Mule was always opposed to the temple built opposite her house and the religious programmes held from time to time. Tension prevailed in the locality till late night and police were monitoring the situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15429647", "title": "Discoms to benefit, but power hike leaves other sectors jittery", "text": "JAIPUR: While the hike in power tariff is expected to partially reduce the financial burden on the state's discoms,the hike has left most sectors in the state unhappy and angry. Despite the fact that the domestic power generation has topped the Ashok Gehlot government's priority list, the state government has failed to regularise power supply while the rates have been revised twice in the last one year.According to experts, the hike comes with a focus on reducing the financial crisis that the state discoms face but loses out badly when it comes to being consumer-centric. \"If and whenever that will be - Rajasthan being self-dependent and discoms not suffering losses - for now it is the consumers who have to feel the pinch. The consumer, though, should be happy that the hike has been minimum,\" admits an official.The state government in itseffortto reduce the losses of the discoms has assured the Rajasthan Electricity Regulatory Commission ( RERC) to take several measures including increasing the financial assistance. The state government during this financial year has agreed to increase its additional support to discoms to meet the past revenue deficit, from Rs 120 crore to Rs 700 crore.Thiswouldbeincreased by 5 per cent every year till 2021-2022.A five per cent annual increase in the interest-free loans of Rs 450 crore will be provided to the discoms and in the transitional cash support of Rs 400 crore provided to the discoms. This apart, in order to reduce the burden on interest on short term loans, the state government has assured the commission to get these loans restructured and is also considering the possibility of issuing bonds to reduce the interest burden.The present hike is expected to reduce the revenue loss which has accumulated to Rs 8,000 crore by Rs 1,816 crore. The state government already loses out on Rs 1,150 crore which the discoms need to pay up as electricity duty as the amount is not taken from the discoms for providing the subsidies to BPL and farmers.The state government is not missing out on the opportunity on explaining why the hike is necessary but falls short of answers when it comes to regular power supply or the frequent power cuts. From domestic consumers to industry - all have to regularly face power cuts because of the wide gap between demand and supply. While the state government claims that the farmers ' demand for power for irrigation is met on a priority basis, the farmer community is the state disagrees. Wednesday's power hike has left a sour taste in everybody's mouth, mainly because of the irregular supply.Meanwhile, the hike has triggered off a war of words and blame game between the ruling party and the Opposition, with each blaming the other for the financial situation of the discoms. Criticising the hike, state BJP president Arun Chaturvedi has announced that the state BJP would observe August 11 as anti-power tariff hike day and hold protests across the state.On the other hand, state PCC president Dr Chandrabhan has said that the BJP has no moral right to protest as it was during the previous BJP regime that the financial situations of the state discoms worsened.\"The hike was in evitable,\" he said. Chief minister Ashok Gehlot has said the hike in power tariff will not affect farmers,BPL families and small domestic consumers in the state as government will bear the hike for these customers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15428493", "title": "Master plan saves pockets for future", "text": "CHANDIGARH: To rule out misuse of land meant for green cover and residential cover, the draft master plan has identified pockets in different parts of the city so that land use is notified and no commercial activity is allowed there in future.While the areas for residential growth in the coming years have been identified in the phase three of the city, additional green area will be created close to the airport. The green belts will be clearly marked so that these are not sacrificed to allow commercial activity.There will be a 100-metre wide green belt along north west boundary of the city, Patiala Ki Rao and Sukhna Choe. There will be another 30-metre wide green belt along route no 1 to Panchkula near the Railway track, reads the draft of the master plan prepared by the UT urban planning department.After the master plan is ready, it would be integrated with separate plans of Mohali and Panchkula to make a regional plan with focus on coordinated growth in the periphery, which has already witnessed gross violation of norms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15426999", "title": "Forgery case registered at Tytler's behest: Abhishek Verma", "text": "NEW DELHI: Businessman Abhishek Verma on Thursday told a trial court that he was falsely implicated by CBI in a forgery case at the behest of Congress leader Jagdish Tytler against whom he had deposed in a corruption case.Verma, who along with his Romanian wife Anca Maria Neascu, was arrested on Wednesday afresh by CBI in a forgery case lodged on sports minister Ajay Maken's complaint, told special judge Sanjeev Jain that it was a \"politically motivated\" case.\"This is a political rivalry and this is being done at the behest of Jagdish Tytler as I had deposed against him in another (graft) case. There was a deal between me and CBI as per which it had said that if I give evidence and depose against Tytler, the agency will not oppose my wife Anca's bail in that case. I gave evidence against Tytler but CBI backtracked,\" Verma argued while opposing the extension of his judicial custody.The court, however, remanded Verma and Neascu to seven days judicial custody till August 16 saying the matter is at an initial stage and the probe is on.\"From the material on record, it appears accused Abhishek Verma had sent the copy of the letter, purportedly written by Ajay Maken to the Prime Minister, to Edmond C Allen (his former associate in the US) through this email ID. In the said email, he also wrote that the matter of extension of visa of employees of ZTE Telecom Indian Pvt Ltd has been taken up with the officials of government of India,\" the court said.It added Verma, by his alleged \"misrepresentation\", had given an impression to \"influence\" public servants in India for \"financial\" gains.The court had on Wednesday granted bail to the couple after CBI failed to file the charge sheet in stipulated 60 days' period after their arrest on June 8 in the corruption case for allegedly receiving money from a Swiss firm to stall its blacklisting proceedings by Indian government. However, after the registration of the forgery case, they were sent back to Tihar Jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "field ganj", "code": "15428739", "title": "Murder-suicide hits Field Ganj", "text": "FIELD GANJ: Just a day after a 21-year-old girl's dumped body was recovered from Pakhowal Road, a couple were found dead under mysterious circumstances in their Field Ganj house on early Thursday afternoon. Police said prima facie 27-year-old Himanshu Arora first murdered his pregnant wife, Lalita Arora alias Pooja, 26, before slitting his throat with the same knife. A businessman, Himanshu owned a store near his house.Police said they received a call from Himanshu's father Hansraj Arora in the afternoon that his son and daughter-in-law were neither opening the door to their room nor responding to his knocking. Personnel from Division No. 2 police station were rushed to the spot and they broke the locked door in the presence of family members. Police said the bodies were found covered in blood and both had slit marks on their necks. A kitchen knife, which is reportedly the murder weapon, was recovered from the room, the police added.The couple had gotten married in June 2011 and Lalita, who was six months pregnant, belonged to Nabha of Patiala district.Upon learning about the deaths, a CIA team and senior police officials reached the spot. Assistant commissioner of police (central) Ramneesh Chaudhary said preliminary investigation indicated that after killing Lalita, her husband Himanshu committed suicide. \"There was a slit mark on the left side of Lalita's neck and one on Himanshu's right side. A case of murder will be registered against Himanshu and the bodies have been sent to the civil hospital,\" he said.Himanshu was the youngest son and he was living with his parents. While his father Hansraj had retired from the education department, his mother Darshna used to work in the sales tax department. Himanshu's three elder brothers live in various parts of the city.In his statement to police, Himanshu's father said he was awakened at 4.30am when his son came out of the room to drink water. Himanshu then went back into the room, he added. The elderly couple panicked when Himanshu and Lalita did not open the door. They then reportedly called up their elder son, who lives in Samrala Chowk. The police were informed around 11.30am when incessant knocking did not get any response from the two.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15428637", "title": "3-year family medical course on the cards at Jawahar Lal Nehru Medical College", "text": "PATNA: The state government plans to introduce family medicine in undergraduate curriculum to strengthen healthcare system in the state.The plan has been mooted by health minister Ashwini Kumar Choubey after his recent trip to London where he visited several primary health centres. He feels the move would attract medical students to the specialty courses.The government initially plans to start the course at Jawahar Lal Nehru Medical College and Hospital (JLNMCH), Bhagalpur, and later extend it to the remaining five government medical colleges of the state.\"During my London visit, I came to know that only 10% of the people there go to hospital while 90% are treated by family doctors. We need to work in that direction as people in India stand in queue at government medical hospitals for minor health problems,\" the minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15429974", "title": "Pinki gets back railway ticket inspector job", "text": "KOLKATA: Pinki Pramanik, the former Asian Games gold medallist who was accused of gender fraud and rape by her live-in partner, has got back her railway job and will be back at Sealdah station on Friday wearing her ticket inspector uniform.Eastern Railway officials said on Thursday Pinki's suspension had been revoked after she submitted a copy of the court's bail order. \"She has been directed to rejoin duties as a senior ticket checking inspector,\" an Eastern Railway official said.\"I am relieved the railways has reinstated me. Part of my honour has been restored. I owe this to the support I received from the people of Kolkata. I am grateful to the railways and will join duty from Friday after nearly 56 days,\" Pinki told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "15427731", "title": "Traders call off strike after CM's assurance to defer local body tax", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Citizens heaved a sigh of relief as traders from Chandrapur on Thursday called off their strike against the local body tax (LBT) after eight days following assurance from chief minister Prithviraj Chavan to postpone implementation of the new tax by two months. The decision was taken after the CM's meeting with traders from Chandrapur, Parbhani and Latur on late Wednesday night. Reportedly, Chavan has also asked the traders to come up with an alternate tax proposal if they want cancellation of the LBT.The strike to protest introduction of LBT in Chandrapur Municipal Corporation (CMC) area had created a huge shortage of essential commodities. It had forced the administration to slap notices on the striking traders under the Essential Services Maintenance Act (ESMA). Traders, too, were facing pressure from within their unions to call off the strike.A delegation of traders under the leadership of BJP state president Sudhir Mungatiwar and MLA Nana Shamkule had dashed off to Mumbai on Wednesday to resolve the deadlock over LBT. Delegations from Parbhani and Latur too had reached Mumbai for the same purpose. \"Chavan met the traders at 9pm. MLA Mungantiwar urged the CM to postpone LBT. The CM agreed to the demand, but only till October end,\" said president of Chandrapur MIDC Industries Association, Madhusoodan Roongta, who was also part of the delegation. Others in the Chandrapur delegation included Ramkishor Sarda, Ghansham Darbar, Santosh Chillarwar and Hanuman Bajaj.Roognta claimed that CM has also sought alternate tax proposal from the traders and respective corporations till October end. \"CM has taken a positive decision in favour of both traders and citizens. We will come up with an alternative to LBT by November,\" said vice president of Chandrapur Chamber of Commerce, Sadanand Khatri.Khatri claimed that adding half a per cent to the already existing VAT could be a good alternative to LBT in Chandrapur. \"It will bring more revenue to CMC than it was expecting from LBT. We will prepare a detailed report and table it before a committee that will be formed to suggest alternative to LBT,\" said Khatri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15428132", "title": "Uttar Pradesh electricity regulatory commission seeks details of faulty transformers in past 2 years", "text": "LUCKNOW: Toughening its stand, the state advisory council (SAC) headed by UP electricity regulatory commission (UPERC) chairman Rajesh Awasthi on Thursday maintained that it would not let the quality of transformers be compromised. The development comes three days after it refused to be part of the committee constituted by the energy department to assess the 'blacklisting' of companies which supplied faulty transformers that tripped in the peak of summers, often leading to the law and order crisis in the state.The council also sought a report from the UP Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL) of the number and the circumstances in which the transformers got damaged in the last two years. The council also decided to rope in a chartered accountant (CA) of the central electricity authority (CEA), the central statuary body that defines and issues guidelines on the quality of power equipment mandatory for a proper distribution of power to consumers. The CA and a member of the UPERC would examine the report and decide accordingly. Speaking to TOI, Awasthi said that the commission was very clear of the fact that its quality control committee had upheld the move of UP Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL) to blacklist the companies. \"The commission had made its recommendations amply clear that the blacklisting should not be revoked,'' he said.Significantly, not one official from the UPPCL head quarters or the energy department came to attend the crucial meeting, exposing the seriousness of the state government on the issue that, of late, had attained serious dimensions - the UPPCL chairman who blacklisted the companies getting marching orders, even as UP chief minister, Akhilesh Yadav maintaining his discreet silence. The present UPPCL chairman and principal secretary, energy, Anil Kumar Gupta had been maintaining the companies were 'never blacklisted'. Instead they were issued show-cause notices by the former UPPCL management.Awasthi, interestingly, added that its jurisdiction extended only to the quality and design of the transformers. \"We cannot do anything about the procurement of transformers,'' he said. Asked what if the state government revokes the blacklisting and procures transformers from the same companies, Awasthi said: \"In that case we will check for the quality of transformers and then take action,'' he said.The SAC happens to be the statuary body constituted under the state electricity act and therefore its recommendations are binding on the state government. In fact, it is the commission that approves the tariff suggested by the UPPCL.Awasthi said that since they have their own quality control committee that also draws its powers from the electricity act, there was no question of joining a committee of the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15427104", "title": "Cops hope to trace Gopal Goyal Kanda today", "text": "NEW DELHI: The noose is tightening on former Haryana minister Gopal Goyal Kanda. Delhi Police on Thursday obtained a lookout circular after Kanda's anticipatory bail plea was turned down by a city court. Cops subsequently put crime branch and special cell sleuths after him and also relayed his photograph and other identification details to all airports across the country; the latter was done after an input came in that Kanda might try to fly out of the country from an airport in north India. Cops now hope this would keep him within the country.Meanwhile, a dozen police teams have been formed and are raiding different places in Gurgaon, Delhi and interiors of Haryana, including Sirsa and Kaithal\u2014Kanda's suspected hideouts. But a source told TOI that Kanda may be hiding in Delhi itself. We tried to reach him on the phone but he didn't pick up. The source said that until Wednesday, Kanda's number was on surveillance and his locations were being monitored; but he suddenly went off the radar after cops refused to grant him three days' time to join the probe. Police suspect he removed the SIM card and battery from his cellphone. Nevertheless, they are tracking the cellphones of his associates in their bid to reach him. Cops hope for a breakthrough by Friday.The source added a police team has been sent to Goa to probe the role of the mystery woman whom Geetika Sharma had mentioned in her suicide note.Also on Thursday, a four-member team of National Commission for Women reached Kanda's residence, spoke to the family and recorded their versions over three hours.In another major development, sources said police are likely to call actress Nupur Mehta to join the probe as it was she who had recruited a 17-year-old Geetika in the company. Also, the cops will question another woman named in the suicide note, who Geetika alleged to be the 'other' woman in Kanda's life with whom he had a child. Cops said the questioning will begin in the next two days.Police also said Aruna Chaddha was not co-operating and still evading questions. Cops were earlier planning to question Kanda and Chaddha separately and then confront them with their answers.Meanwhile, the Haryana political circle is in turmoil after Kanda went underground. While Congress leaders told mediapersons that Kanda was not absconding and that it was the job of the police to find him, the Opposition demanded a CBI probe into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15427107", "title": "Railway guard spots crack on track, averts possible disaster", "text": "CHENNAI: A possible disaster was averted when a railway guard spotted a crack on the loop track near Arakkonam station, 70km from Chennai, on Thursday. Thanks to his warning, the Trivandrum-Chennai Express train, which was hardly a kilometre from the spot, was halted at Mosur, the nearest railway station. The crack was about seven inches wide, officials said.Around 6.40am, Rahamathualla, a guard on the Mysore-Chennai Shatabdi Express, spotted the crack and alerted station master S Ethirajulu of Arakkonam. Soon, officials in other stations and the Southern Railway headquarters in Chennai were informed and the Government Railway Police and the Railway Protection Force alerted. Many trains, Yelagiri Express, Barauni Express, Tirupati-Chennai passenger and at least six suburban trains, were stopped at Mosur railway station (nearest station from Arakkonam). A team of railway staff, including engineers and gangmen, reached the spot and the fractured portion was welded into place. Train services resumed around 9.45am.Engineers later said a seven-inch crack could cause a derailment. Expansion of cracks is common during intermittent hot and cold weather , they said.Railway officials said the crack could have widened under pressure. Once train services resumed on the sector, motormen were asked to go at a speed of less than 30kmph between Arakkonam and Tiruvalamkadu stations to help the fractured portion settle. Some also wondered how checks by staff had missed the crack. \"This is the first time such a wide crack has been spotted on the Arakkonam sector. Had the guard not spotted it, it could have been a disaster,\" said a railway official.In February, a gangman noticed a fracture on the track between Maraimalai Nagar and Singaperumal Koil stations and, stopped a Chennai-bound express train minutes before it was to cross the stretch. In March 2011, a Class five student noticed a fracture on the track between Padalam and Karunkuzhali stations near Madurantakam in Kancheepuram and alerted officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15428263", "title": "Police atrocities on dalits: High court issues suo motu notice to Gujarat", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court on Thursday asked the state home secretary and Rajkot police commissioner to explain the alleged police atrocities on dalit women and children.A bench of Chief Justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya and Justice J B Pardiwala took suo motu cognizance of the issue on basis of a letter from the president of Gujarat Dalit Sangathan, Jayanti Mankadia. The bench sought a reply from the concerned officials in two weeks.In his letter, Mankadia sought action against the policemen under the Prevention of Atrocity Act for the alleged police action in Rajkot on June 25. He also demanded protection for the victims, who were allegedly tortured by the cops. The applicant has also sought a probe by the National Human Rights Commission.According to case details, there were clashes between two members of the dalit community and Muslims in Rajkot in June, where primary school teacher and dalit leader Gunavant Rathod was killed. The residents of Ambedkarnagar took out a procession on June 25 to protest the killing. \"Immediately after the rally, police forcefully entered residences in Ambedkarnagar and assaulted people, including women and children,\" Mankadia alleged.Rupa Sondarva (16) sustained spinal injuries and is now facing disability for life, he said in the letter adding, \"Residents are not only facing multiple FIRs but also fearing retribution from the police and they need protection.\" The HC, which decided to treat the letter as a writ petition, appointed advocate Shalin Mehta as amicus curiae to assist in the proceedings. The state government has been maintaining, on the other hand, that the police had to lob teargas shells to disperse the mob, as it blocked the road during the protest. When it did not work, cops took to caning which resulted in injuries to various persons. However, the complaint is to the contrary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15429751", "title": "Stage set for Janmashtami", "text": "JAIPUR: Despite a cloudy and moisture-laden day, the zeal for Janmashtami was at its peak.Mothers were seen busy getting their adorable little ones dressed up as Lord Krishna and Radha while the city temples were decorated on the eve of Janamashtami on Thursday.The fervour for the festival was at its best as markets were crowed with devotees who thronged the shops to buy items for the festival.Children in kindergarten were decked up as Lord Krishna as most schools had asked the parents to send their ward in that manner.\"I want my son to win the first prize in the dressed competition. The festival and schools give us opportunity once in a year,\" said Meenu Sharma a housewife at Jawahar Nagar who was busy in getting her 4-year old son Shantanu dress up like Lord Krishna.\"For the last couple of years the sale of attires of Lord Krishna and Radha has gone up since parents have the craze to get their children dressed up as Radha and Krishna and also make a beeline for the studios to get still photographs,\" said Gullu of Raja Park who sells dresses items like flutes and imitation jewellery.Meanwhile, the administration of various city temples including Govind devji was busy in ensuring proper decoration of the deity and the temple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15426690", "title": "Accused \u2018confess\u2019 events leading up to Maruti unrest", "text": "GURGAON: A city court on Thursday extended by one day the police remand of 10 union leaders accused of instigating and participating in the Maruti Manesar plant violence on July 18. The other seven accused, who were arrested by police on Wednesday, were sent to judicial custody.The main accused union leaders have reportedly disclosed the facts of the violence during the interrogation but police were tight-lipped about it.A source said that the accused also revealed to police the people behind the death of Awanish Kumar Dev, GM-HR, who was beaten and charred to death on July 18 at the plant.On August, 1 the special investigation team of Gurgaon police had arrested 10 union leaders of Maruti Suzuki's Manesar plant. Those arrested included chief patron Sandeep Dhillon, president Rammehar, vice president Sohan Singh, general secretary Sarvjeet Singh, cashier Suresh Kumar, legal adviser Ajmer Singh, joint secretary Pawan Kumar and executive members Ram Bilas, Amarjeet and Pradeep Kumar. Police had taken them on seven days' police remand and at the end of the remand produced them again in a city court on Thursday.In the court, SIT officials demanded the extension of the police remand of all 10 accused by seven days, but the counsel of the workers opposed. SIT officials said in court that they would recover the mobile phones of the accused.On Wednesday, the SIT had arrested seven accused who were identified as Mahabeer, resident of Fatehabad; Amit Nain, resident of Rohtak; Vinod, resident of Jind; Jogendra, resident of Hissar; Krishan Kumar, resident of Rohtak; Pradeep Kumar, resident of Bhiwani; and Vikas, resident of Sonepat district in Haryana. All the seven were produced in a city court on Thursday and sent to 14 days' judicial custody.Till Thursday, more than 125 workers have been arrested, including organizing secretary Yogesh Kumar and five members of the union executive committee. Meanwhile, the hearing of workers' petitions will now come up on Saturday.Police have been making arrests almost every day since the episode but Jiyalal, the man whose confrontation with his supervisor sparked off the entire episode, remained at large.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15431343", "title": "Devudu Chesina Manushulu gets U/A certificate", "text": "'Mass maharaja' Ravi Teja's forthcoming entertainer Devudu Chesina Manushulu (DCM) has completed censor formalities. The movie, which was screened to the censor authorities yesterday (Aug 9), has obtained U/A certification and is now gearing for release on August 15.The buzz has been pretty positive so far for the film and with Puri Jagannath wielding the megaphone once again for Ravi Teja, the expectations are huge. Ileana is once again paired opposite Ravi Teja in this film, which has Brahmanandam as Lord Vishnu Murthy. BVSN Prasad is producing the film under Sri Venkateswara Cine Chitra banner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15428437", "title": "Mercedes owner zooms past Rolls Royce, gets fancy registration number for Rs 26.05L", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It was a race between the owner of a Rolls Royce and that of a Mercedes S-class and the one with the cheaper car of the two won but by shelling out Rs 26.05 lakh. The 'contest' was held between the two bidders for registration number CH-01-AP-0001 at the Registration and Licencing Authority (RLA) office on Thursday, where special numbers of a new series were auctioned. The number fetched the highest ever price in the history of the city.The number was bagged by Amarjit Singh, a builder, who offered Rs 5,000 more than the other bidder, Ajit Singh Dhillon, owner of a Rolls Royce. Both are residents of Sector 44, Chandigarh.Mercedes S-class costs around Rs 1 crore and the minimum price tag of a Rolls Royce in India is Rs 2.50 crore.After successfully bidding for the number, Amarjit Singh left the RLA office in a hurry. \"Before coming here, I had made up my mind to take this number at any cost. I would have paid even more,' he said. \"I have to leave for Jalandhar,\" he explained his quick exit.The number, 0005, was auctioned for the second highest price during the auction on Thursday at Rs 4.50 lakh and went to Harjeet Kaur. Other numbers went for much lesser and the total collection from the auction of 99 special numbers was Rs 69, 21,200.RLA officials said they were amazed to see the sparring between the two bidders for 0001. The way both of them kept raising the price left everyone awestruck and at one point of time both looked unstoppable.The auction for the series broke past records. In the last bidding held in June, the number, CH-01-AN-0001, had gone for Rs 17 lakh. At that time RLA had earned Rs 70, 46,100 for a total of 148 numbers which went under the hammer. Before this, for the series CH-01-AM the 0001 number had gone for Rs 9.05 lakh and former Haryana DGP S P S Rathore had bought it. The total earning from this series was Rs 80 lakh for a total of 164 numbers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15427674", "title": "'Village women won't falsely complain of outraging modesty'", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Bench of Bombay High Court has observed that married women from villages would not lodge a false complaint of outraging modesty at the cost of their reputation. \"The culture of Indian villages is such that no married lady, having family of her husband and children, would do so,\" said justice Ashok Bhangale while dismissing a criminal appeal filed by a Hingna resident.Namdeo Agarkar was convicted by Nagpur sessions court under Section 354 of IPC for outraging the modesty of a woman of Gond tribe. \"There are categories of offences wherein the court has to adopt deterrent approach and cannot be lenient and outraging of modesty is one of them. The offender needs to be punished when any woman is indecently assaulted or when her dignity is shattered. Sentence in such cases must be proportionate to the crime committed to ensure adequate deterrence for the like minded prospective criminals,\" justice Bhangale said.He further observed that the court had to consider the nature of crime, manner of its commission, impact on the victim and her family and other attending circumstances. \"The object of punishment in such cases is to protect the society by removing the penchant or tendency to commit such crime. Hence, the court has to impose stern sentence,\" the judge added.Justice Bhangale, before upholding the lower court verdict, stated that there was no proof of any enmity between the victim and her family members with the accused and, therefore, the question of falsely implicating him does not arise.Responding to the contention of the accused on omissions in police complaint by the victim, the court made it clear that the FIR could not be an encyclopaedia. \"The object of lodging FIR is to set in motion the criminal justice system by reporting an offence. It is considered as information for police to take cognizance of the offence reported. FIR is not expected to be verbatim summary of the entire prosecution case nor it is considered as an encyclopaedia so as to contain every minute details of the occurrence,\" justice Bhangale stated.He added that not mentioning some facts which happened prior to occurrence of the incident or vague reference to them cannot be considered as fatal to the prosecution case. \"It is enough if FIR mentions the offence so as to set the machinery of law in motion by complaint that enables the police to start investigation regarding the offence reported,\" he observed.(With inputs from Poorva Rathi)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15428254", "title": "Organ transplants fraught with formalities", "text": "BANGALORE: Santosh B (name changed), a 38-year-old businessman from south Bangalore, was rushed to hospital last month with liver failure. But he hadn't registered for live organ donation with the hospital authorization committee. Luckily, he survived as he got a liver donation from his wife, just in time.Surgeons advise patients to plan live organ transplants well in advance as there are legal procedures to be completed, both by hospitals and patients. It takes up to two month to complete all formalities for a live organ transplant. In an emergency, it can take between 24 hours and 48 hours.Dr Ravishankar Bhat, senior consultant, surgical gastroenterology and liver transplant, Apollo Hospitals , who treated Santosh, told TOI: \"The patient was brought in a critical stage, with a severely damaged liver due to Hepatitis B. His wife agreed to donate part of her liver. Otherwise, it becomes difficult to arrange a donor and to complete the legal formalities quickly.\"He added: \"One needs to get approval from the government's authorization committee, police clearance, etc. which takes a few days. Due to his wife's persistence the government approval system worked overtime and gave its consent in a day.\"Many patients are not so lucky. Said Dr H Sudarshan Ballal, senior nephrologist and director, Manipal Hospitals: \"Live organ donations are generally given to patients of kidney and liver failure. Kidney failure can be treated with dialysis and so there's enough time for a patient and relatives to complete the legal formalities. But in liver failures, one doesn't get much time as dialysis is not very reliable in severe cases. If the transplant doesn't happen in time, the patient could die.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15427217", "title": "Mandal learns from crippling injury to govinda last yr, scales down pyramid", "text": "MUMBAI: Purushottam Mulik, (38), was at the bottom of a seven-tier human pyramid for Janmashtami at Currey Road last year, when the govinda carrying the child who would break the dahi handi lost his footing. The pyramid came crashing down on Mulik, severely injuring a nerve in his head leaving him with multiple injuries-partial vision in his right eye, an almost useless left eye and a gap in his spinal cord.Mulik, a father of two, who was a watchman with a private society in Santa Cruz has been unable to work since the accident. He has returned to his hometown, near Kolhapur. His advice to govindas: \"Don't be lured by the money dahi handi organizers offer, care for your life. Put up a good show without aiming for too high a pyramid.\"The Currey Road chawl, Panchganga, at whose Janmashtami celebrations Mulik was injured last year, has followed his advice to an extent. This year, they will have a six-tier pyramid. \"We thought we shouldn't have any celebrations this year. But the chawl's youth did not agree and were all set to join govindas elsewhere,\" said the chawl society president Ashok Patil. The society has also got insurance cover for its revellers.\"I told them not to put away the celebrations altogether, but reduce the size of the pyramid,\" said Mulik. The society has been forming pyramids for the past 22 years. \"Barring last year, no one has ever been injured in the celebrations,\" added Patil.\"Our chawl members were divided over the issue. Some wanted to celebrate Janmashtami, while others were against it,\" said Parshuram Bhadwankar the pyramid orgainzer. \"It was only four days ago that we decided to go ahead with the celebrations. The boys were ready to wear last year's t-shirts as there was no time to get new ones with the society logo printed on them,\" he added. The chawl's youth participate in competitions from Lower Parel to Thane, a resident said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "15429013", "title": "Rise in number of BEd colleges in Bokaro district", "text": "BOKARO: The city is registering a rise in number of Bachelor of Education (BEd) colleges to cater to the growing demand of aspiring teachers. S Radha Krishan College of Education will start a BEd course from this session. With it, the number of BEd colleges becomes three in the district and authorities concerned suggest at least two more institutions will be opened here soon.Though there are more than 55 private schools and hundreds of government schools, the city lacks in adequate number of post graduate colleges.The schools always believe in providing quality education to its students and seek trained teachers for the same. There are a number of schools in the district which still face shortage of capable teachers.The rise in demand of teachers have lured many youths specially girls to make a career in teaching profession and thus seeking a (BEd) degree.The admissions in BEd courses in City College and Al habib Teacher Training College in Sector-VI witnesses huge rush of candidates every year.Thousands of candidates wrote the admission tests for just 100 seats offered by each of the colleges.Mamta Singh, a teacher said that few years back there was no BEd college in the city. Aspirants like her used to go to other cities to pursue the course.Chairman of Bokaro Education Trust , Sanjay Vaid said they have started a BEd course from this session after getting affiliation from National Council Teacher Education, Bhubaneswar. The college is located on Chas-Dhanbad Road.\"Unlike other colleges, we are committed to produce quality teachers\" said Vaid.Educationist-cum-city coordinator of CBSE, Ashok Singh said that there is definite rise in demand for teachers with so many schools running in the city. But he also pointed out that the schools required proficient faculty.\"As principal of Chinmaya Vidyalaya, I can say that there is a vacancy existing for English teacher in my school for which I have received several applications but we are looking for a quality teacher\", he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15426954", "title": "Plan to boost Parsi numbers gets nod", "text": "The Planning Commission has cleared a scheme to arrest the dwindling population of the Parsi (Zoroastrian) community, in what will be the first intervention of its kind. The Plan panel had earlier turned down the minority affairs ministry's scheme to tackle the falling population of religious minorities.The programme - called the scheme for containing population decline of small minority community - aims to increase the diminishing numbers of the Parsi community by a scientific and structured approach.\"The Planning Commission has accorded in-principle approval to the scheme,\" minister for planning Ashwani Kumar told the Parliament in a written reply. According to the 2001 Census, the number of Parsis has declined from 1,14, 000 in 1941 to 69,000.A budgetary provision of Rs 2 crore has been made for the scheme, which aims to address the issue of population decline among the Parsis through fertility treatments and awareness campaigns, in the current fiscal. The Central Sector Scheme launched in 2010-11 had a budgetary provision of Rs 1 crore, but was turned down by the panel.The government's move comes on the back of the National Commission for Minorities' demand for an elaborate survey of the community.To convince the Plan panel, the minority affairs ministry produced Census 2011 figures, which showed the rapid decline of the community's population. The minister said that the scheme will be implemented through organizations or societies of the Parsis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "ferozepur road", "code": "15428846", "title": "Karanveer Singh Dhillon learns from English pacer Dominic Cork", "text": "FEROZEPUR ROAD: At the tender age of 12, Karanveer Singh Dhillon attended a cricket camp run by former English cricketer Andrew Flintoff in Northampton, England. The boy not just attended the camp but even finished among the top three cricketers at the camp and got to learn the skills from former English pacer Dominic Cork.Karanveer trains under coach Amrik Singh Nagra at the Center of Excellence Academy. It was during a vacation with his family in June, that Karanveer visited Northampton and his father Harminder Singh Dhillon came to know about Flintoff's academy's camp going on at Welling Borough School.Harminder applied for Karanveer's trials for the camp and he was chosen among the 40 players for the camp by the organizers. \"Former English cricketer Dominic Cork instructed the players at the camp for two days and those were the most precious for us. We played a friendly match at the end of the camp and the team I played for won the match,\" said Karanveer.A left-hand batsman and right-arm spinner, Karanveer said he was declared man of the match and his bowling was appreciated by others. A student of Baba Isher Singh School, BRS Nagar, he has been training in the game since 2011 at the academy and wishes to play at international level.His father Harminder said the organizers liked his son's cricketing skills and asked him to get his education in England, \"But, I feel he is too young to study away from us in England now,\" he added.Karanveer's coach Amrik said it would benefit the boy to have learned the game under the guidance of players like Dominic Cork. \"He shares his experience with others in the academy with excitement,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15429556", "title": "Janmashtami: ISKCON temple in Juhu began its celebrations with a 'yagya'", "text": "MUMBAI: As the second half of the monsoon arrives with little rain in sight, religious organisations are performing rituals to appease the rain gods. ISKCON temple in Juhu began its Janmashtami celebrations with a 'yagya' or fire sacrifice on Thursday hoping the shortfall would be covered in the following weeks.\"The offerings made to Lord Vishnu during a 'yagya' evoke auspiciousness and eliminate any scarcity or deficiency in Nature,\" said spokesperson Parijata Devi. The temple installed 11 'havan kunds' and devotees officiated as priests. In Andheri, a similar ritual was performed at the newly renovated crematorium of Parsiwada in Chakala. Shambhugiri Goswami of the Shri Vyapari Mitra Mandal said, \"The month of Shravan is dear to Lord Shiva and we are seeking his blessings by organising the 'Shravan rudrabhishek' . Families in Kutch and Marwar immerse their household 'shivling' in a vessel of water in a ritual believed to bring rain.\"Pandit Vishnu Maharaj arrived from Bhayander to perform the ceremony free of charge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15427662", "title": "Five convicted in sale of a minor", "text": "NAGPUR: District and additional sessions judge GJ Akarte on Thursday convicted five persons in the sale of a 17-year-old girl in Rajasthan for Rs55,000.Four convicts, including Sitaram Nandanwar, Pranita Nanadanwar, Baapurao Sahare and Meghraj Raut, were held guilty under IPC section 363 for kidnapping a minor, section 366-A for abducting a minor for the purpose of marrying and under section 372 for selling a minor for the purpose of prostitution. They were also slapped with a fine of Rs3,000 each.The fifth convict, Ramkaran Meena, who married the girl, was found guilty under Section 373 for buying a minor for the purpose of prostitution and has been slapped a fine of Rs1,000, informed additional public prosecutor Jyoti Vajani.The Nandanwars were the girl's neighbours. Pranita Nanadanwar asked the girl to accompany her to Bhandara where her sister resides. However, they left Nagpur on March 7 last year for Mandukhedi in Rajasthan. Pranita along with her husband and two others got the girl married to Ramkaran who bought her for Rs55,000.CB Barwe appeared on behalf of Ramkaran Meena while GB Hemke represented the other four accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "15428515", "title": "Bengal man reunites with family after ten years", "text": "AMRITSAR: Around ten years after he went missing from his village in West Bengal, Kamal Sarkar met his relatives at the Institute of Mental Health here on Thursday.\"See, I am alive. I didn't die. I am healthy and can talk,\" he said, while embracing his brother Dilip Sarkar and son-in-law Shibu Sidha.Kamal Sarkar's life changed ten years ago when he left his native village Bashulia in Bankura district of West Bengal. Nobody, even Sarkar himself, knew where he had spent three years of his life from 2002 to 2005 due to mental illness, said director of IMH, Dr B L Goyal.Sarkar had disappeared from his house in 2002 and in 2005, he was arrested by police near Indo-Pak border at Patti and was sent to jail. Jail authorities admitted him in the hospital for medical treatment, Goyal said.\"Earlier, he told us that he was a Bangladeshi and didn't remember anything about his family. But as his condition improved following treatment, he told us about his village and family.\"After getting his address, the hospital wrote to resident commissioner of West Bengal to confirm his antecedents. \"His address was correct and we informed his brother to take him back.\"Sidha, who first time met his father-in-law, said everyone in the family had presumed that Kamal Sarkar was no more. But when they came to know that he was under treatment in Amritsar, they came running to take him back.Dilip Sarkar said, \"We thought that dada had died. So we solemnized the marriage of his daughters.\" Kamal Sarkar said he was eager to meet his family members and would like to work in his fields.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15426770", "title": "Court allows cops to probe train ragging", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bandra GRP on Thursday received permission from the Mumbai Central court to begin investigating the ragging incident involving LS Raheja School of Art students.Eleven students, including five girls, were humiliated by five seniors and an ex-student on a Churchgate-bound local on July 26. The five-final year applied art students-were suspended by the college on Monday.\"We registered a non-cognizable (NC) offence on Wednesday. The Criminal Procedure Code requires that we seek permission from a magistrate's court before beginning investigation an NC matter,\" said senior inspector V Dhopavkar of the Bandra GRP. \"On Thursday, we presented brief facts of the case before the Mumbai Central railway court. We also presented copies of sections 4 and 6 of the Maharashtra Prohibition of Ragging Act, which have been applied against the accused.\"The parents of some of the accused met the GRP, requesting it to suggest to the college to withdraw the suspension of their wards.The next move by the cops would be to look into previous complaints made against the accused with the college authorities. \"On July 17, at least two of the five accused had been involved in ragging some students at the college canteen. When the college administration pulled them up and asked to see their parents, some of them produced proxies. We are mulling over contacting the local police station, in whose jurisdiction the college lies, for probing the canteen ragging issue,\" added Dhopavkar. \"The July 17 incident shows that the accused have been involved in ragging earlier. We will inquire if there have been more such instances.\"As the sixth accused is an ex-student and doesn't attend college, the GRP is likely to visit his residence to make inquiries.The GRP has been receiving several phone calls from educational institutions and parents of other students, lauding their efforts to take stringent steps in a case where no physical assault has taken place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15427578", "title": "Mahesweta worries for undertrials on fast", "text": "KOLKATA: Eminent writer and rights activist Mahesweta Devi expressed concern over the ongoing hunger strike by undertrials prisoners at Alipore Central Jail and Presidency Correctional Home. On Thursday, she sent a through a written plea, requesting the undertrials she requested the fasting under trial prisoners to withdraw their stir.In her written statement, the veteran writer said that since the previous Left front regime these inmates are behind the bars since the Left front regime. \"After the change of guard in the state, the inmates had demanded for a done similar stir demanding speedy trial several times. Though time the new government had promised a them for speedy trial, but nothing has happened,\" she said Mahasweta Devi in her statement.Mahesweta Devi has also requested the government to look into the matter. \"The government should listen to their problems,\" said the author.The undertrials hunger strike started at Alipore Central Jail had gone on a hunger strike on July 18. Initially, fifteen inmates had launched the stir and later many others joined them stir and later more inmates joined the fasting. Meanwhile, the movement also spread to Presidency jail where 283 inmates, including 14 Nigerian nationals and 11 political prisoners, have gone on a fast since started fasting from July 23.The state Human Rights Commission also expressed concern after four fasting inmates had to be admitted to MR Bangur Hospital. They have asked the registrar general of Calcutta high court to submit a detailed status report on the undertrial prisoners lodged in different jails of the state.The stir even worried the state Human rights commission after the rights body found several inmates were hospitalized. The jail authority has to admit four fasting inmates at MR Bangur Hospital. After getting the record, state human rights commission expressed concern over the issue and asked the registrar general of Calcutta High Court to submit a detail status report on the under trial prisoners lodged in different jails of the state.The inmates have claimed that for long they remained behind the bars due to slow trial. \" There are several inmates who are languishing in the jails for past eight to ten years and still their trial has not been completed. In several cases inmates are in jail for more than their maximum punishment tenure,\" said some inmates in their written petitions submitted to state human rights commission and human rights organizations like APDR and Bandi Mukti Committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "johannesburg", "code": "15429374", "title": "In South Africa, PIO beaten to death after Laden jibe", "text": "JOHANNESBURG: An Indian origin Muslim man in South Africa was allegedly beaten to death by two people who made racist taunts against him because of his beard.The two white men allegedly made religious and racist taunts against 33-year-old Mohammed Fayaz Kazi from Ventersdorp, who was dressed in traditional Muslim garb and had a beard. \"They called us 'bin Laden' and 'Coolies' while we were in a store to buy food to end our fast during Ramadan,\" said Kazi's friend Ansar Mahmood.When Kazi and Mahmood objected to the taunts a fight broke out among them. Mahmood was mostly hit in the face, while Kazi was beaten over the head. Later Kazi was taken to hospital where he died of brain injury suffered during the assault. Now, police are looking for two white Afrikaans-speaking men in connection with the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15427114", "title": "Shinde made to apologize after jibe at Jaya Bachchan", "text": "NEW DELHI: It is turning out to be a case of baptism by fire. Newly-appointed home minister Sushilkumar Shinde was on Thursday forced by an angry opposition in the Rajya Sabha to apologize to Samajwadi Party member Jaya Bachchan for suggesting she being an actor was not equipped to deal with complex issues such as the ethnic conflagration in Assam.Shinde made the condescending jibe when Jaya, like many others in the opposition, expressed dissatisfaction with his reply to the discussion on the continuing communal violence in Assam. \"This is a serious matter. This is not the subject of a film,\" the home minister said, instantly attracting the wrath of the SP member whose protest was supported by others.The furore subsided only when Shinde, like BJP veteran L K Advani in Lok Sabha on Wednesday, retracted what was seen by many as a condescending put-down at Jaya. \"If she is hurt by my comments, I apologize for that. She is my sister,\" he said.The apology capped the misery for the new home minister who had, like in Lok Sabha on Wednesday, appeared to be all at sea while dealing with the worries of members about violence in Assam.Shinde prolonged his agony on Thursday by refusing to relent immediately. With the prime minister seated next to him, the minister initially tried to tough it out by saying that Jaya was not letting him speak. \"You don't let the home minister to speak. Is it the parliamentary procedure? This is a serious matter,\" he said.The indignation failed to faze the SP member or calm the protests. \"What respect does the home minister have for people coming from different fields? You cannot talk about people coming from different fields like this,\" Jaya retaliated.Faced with anger, Shinde began backpedalling, saying he knew the entire family of the SP member. \"I have great respect for her and that is why I was asking her not to interrupt that way,\" he said. However, the change of tack failed to make the opposition members relent who insisted on an apology.Leader of opposition Arun Jaitley supported the demand. \"Jaya Bachchan is a very distinguished celebrity and an achiever in her own field. If she has become a member of this House, it is a matter of pride. You cannot, as the home minister of India, make a taunt or a comment of this kind,\" he said.Jaitley requested Shinde to make amends and withdraw his provocative remark. He also urged the presiding officer, Tariq Anwar, to expunge Shinde's remark from the proceedings if he did not withdraw it himself, leading the home minister to both offer an apology and withdraw his remarks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "sydney", "code": "15431816", "title": "Google ordered to delete Street View data in Australia", "text": "SYDNEY: Australian authorities have ordered Google to destroy all data it deliberately harvested while operating specially equipped cars for its Street View service in 2010.Australia's privacy commissioner Timothy Pilgrim told Google that he was \"concerned\" over revelations of extra data being found, \"particularly as Google had advised that the data was destroyed.\"\"Organisations that retain personal information that is no longer required could leave individuals at risk should it be misused,\" Pilgrim wrote in an email dated August 6.\"I appreciate your advising me of this matter, and look forward to confirmation that the data has been destroyed,\" he added.According to The Herald Sun, Pilgrim said he also wanted confirmation from an independent third party that the data had been destroyed.He also said that Google must undergo an audit to ensure no more was being held, the report said.Google is facing over 12 lawsuits across the world for intercepting users' private data through unsecured Wi-Fi connections.The firm has been fined by regulators in the US for violating privacy laws and has contacted governments in the UK, Ireland, France, the Netherlands, Norway, Finland, Sweden, Switzerland and Austria about the security breach.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "15428530", "title": "Old St Mary's school building will be MMC office", "text": "MAPUSA: The old St Mary's Convent High School, one of the finest heritage buildings in Mapusa, will be restored and converted into the Mapusa Municipal Council (MMC) office.The Mapusa municipality has issued a tender for the renovation of the building and work will be carried out utilizing the Golden Jubilee package.The structure was inaugurated in 1933 as Liceu Municipal in the colonial era. Later the Mapusa municipality was shifted to another building and the space was given to the St Mary's Convent High School. The heritage municipal building was vacated by the school in 1997.\"The municipality had arranged the new land for the school and since then the building has been lying vacant,\" said MMC chairperson Sudhir Kandolkar.Architects and prominent citizens had taken up the issue with the then MMC chairperson in November, 2010, when the legwork had begun to preserve the heritage building which is in disuse and in danger of coming down if neglected.The MMC, in November 2011, in its council meeting had resolved to use its one-time grant of 2 crore for the renovation.The MMC has got technical sanction to renovate the building which is on municipality property. The municipality has invited the tender for the same. The current MMC administrative building will be used as a library.The structure is of great architectural beauty and will enhance the importance of the MMC after its amelioration. There is a lot of space for parking in front of the building which is a plus-point.The council has also decided to use 50 lakh from the grant for the renovation of the old mamlatdar building near the municipality, which will then be used for commercial purpose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15427599", "title": "Patan MLA tries to sway Sahyadri buffer panel", "text": "NAGPUR: Under intense pressure from influential political leaders and officials in Mantralaya, the first and the only meeting of the 7-member committee called on Thursday to delineate buffer zone of Sahyadri Tiger Reserve (STR) ended without a clear picture emerging on the area to be notified around the 741.22 sq km reserve in Western Maharashtra.Even as the meeting was in progress, NCP MLA from Patan, Vikramsinh Patankar called up one of the senior forest officials. The call was not warranted as the committee was not sitting on a hearing and was to take an independent decision.Two senior members of the panel, Pune's VB Sawarkar and Kolhapur University's SR Yadav, did not turn up for the meeting. TOI learns that another member, Kishor Rithe, president of the Satpuda Foundation, has disapproved the decisions taken at the meeting. After the meeting, chief wildlife warden SWH Naqvi, the chairman of the committee, was closeted with the other three members who are forest officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15427872", "title": "3-year-old girl dies under school bus", "text": "NAGPUR: A three-and-half-year-old girl was killed under her own school bus around 8km from Ramtek on Wednesday morning. The bus driver, Anand Uprikar, has been arrested.Preeti Mahajan, who used to stay just a few steps away from the accident spot, was waiting with her mother for the bus near a cotton mill. According to the police, Uprikar regularly takes 20 students from nearby villages to Morja School. Cotton Mill road was the last stop for Uprikar to collect students and then he would take a U-turn to reach the school.Around 8am, Preeti was waiting with her mother and elder brother on the left side of the road while the bus stops on the right side. Police said that as soon as the bus reached the stop, her mother took Preeti's brother to board the bus. However, in a hurry, she let go of Preeti's hand. Preeti was still waiting for her mother to come back for her when Uprikar started taking the U-turn.Thinking that she might miss the bus, Preeti ran towards the bus and collided with it, leading to serious head injuries. She was rushed in the same bus to a nearby private hospital but was declared brought dead. Ramtek police have registered a case against Uprikar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15429005", "title": "Munda to review drought situation after Aug 15", "text": "RANCHI: Expressing concern over poor rains and its effect on agriculture in the state, chief minister Arjun Munda on Thursday said the government will review the conditions in various districts after August 15 to come to a conclusion whether a drought must be declared in certain areas. Talking to TOI after attending the state-level bankers' committee meeting in which he shared his concerns over poor rains, Munda said though rains had recently resumed, it remains to be verified if the delayed monsoon has compensated the deficit. \"In farming, quantity of rain alone is not sufficient and timely rain is essential,\" he said, clarifying that some of the districts have received good quantity of rain, but monsoon has been deficient in most of them.Munda said since the economy of Jharkhand depends on farmers and their produce, the government has asked its departments to closely monitor the situation and make a decision accordingly. \"Economic activities of a large number of families revolve around agriculture and poor rainfall not only affects the economy of state in general, but also restricts the flow of money,\" he said.Admitting shortcomings in the government model of assessing growth, Munda said growth of a state or nation should not be calculated without considering the financial standard of the people. Putting the onus on experts to decide if drought-like condition has emerged in some districts, he said that after a review meeting at the state-level, the government would approach the Centre for financial support as per the requirements. \"Talks are underway with the Union government and we are trying to keep them posted with the ground situation related to delay in rainfall, which has led to a delay in sowing. Soon after the review meet, we will be in a better position to explain our requirements,\" he said.Having recently returned from a Planning Commission meeting in New Delhi, Munda said the issue of drought is not specific to Jharkhand and most states have expressed concerns in this regard. \"It is the beginning of the 12th five year plan and we have to see how the projects being taken up during these five years help mitigate the problem of recurring drought efficiently,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15432599", "title": "Minissha to represent India at Los Angeles", "text": "India's Independence Day is celebrated across the United States-showcasing India's cultural diversity and rising economic growth. Every year The Independence Day Parade witnesses a number of celebrities from India, right from Amitabh Bachchan , Priyanka Chopra , Deepika Padukone to Bipasha Basu . This year the sexy siren Minissha Lamba will be the grand Marshal of the parade and will represent India by being the flag bearer at the Parade.\"Every year the atmosphere is charged with festivity and vibrancy of Indian culture, with many people waving the tricolor and quite a few dressed in the colors of the national flag. It is the best parade I have seen, and I am so very excited about being a flag bearer and representing India at the Independence Day parade at Los Angeles.\" says Minissha Lamba.August 15th is a very important day in the lives of Indians. The Indian American community, spread across the United States , takes pride in celebrating India Day every year; honoring their mother land also deepening their commitment and bond to India. The India Day Parade in Los Angeles, marking the celebrations of India's Independence Day, has become an increasingly popular event and attracts large crowds around the New York region, making it the biggest such event outside India. This year will be no exception. Over 50,000 people would came to witness the showcasing of the rich cultural extravaganza at Los Angeles on 10th August, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15428108", "title": "Bull run on Janmashthami", "text": "AHMEDABAD: One can call it the desi version of the famous bull run in Spain, a la 'Zindagi na milegi dobara'. The only difference is there is no romance associated with this adrenaline rush.On Thursday, Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) performed it annual ritual of releasing cattle from its pounds as a sign of goodwill on the eve of Janmashthami. A large number of people, mostly cattle-grazers, had gather in front of Dhor Bazaar at Danilimda with identification cards in their hands, to claim the animals. Inside, around 300 cattle, including cows, bulls and calves, waited in the shed to be identified and taken away for free. Donkeys are also given away in the same manner.Chaos reigned as the pound officials started releasing the animals. Owners dragged away the cows and bulls, either by holding them by the horns or pulling them away with ropes. In the melee, some of the animals went into a frenzy and rushed into the crowd, leaving a few people injured. Some of the cattle too were hurt in the chaos.The cattle even ran into the adjacent street. Commuters had to suddenly hit the brakes or weave their way past the running animals, leading to a couple of minor accidents. Pedestrians ran for cover, not wanting to be gored by the animals. The compound has one banyan tree behind which they took cover.According to the officials, these animals are strays, picked up from city roads so that they don't become a nuisance. Under normal circumstances, cattle-owners can get back their animals after paying a Rs 3,000 fine. If they don't have the money, the other option is getting them back for free on Janmashthami eve.\"We have been releasing animals in this fashion on Janmashtami eve for years now. Releasing the confiscated cows rings in true to the sense of compassion and love Lord Krishna had for animals, especially cows. This is the only day we follow this system, our sheds are empty by the evening,\" an AMC official told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15428213", "title": "BBMP strike is bad for our health", "text": "BANGALORE: The power tussle between BBMP staff and the Bangalore Metropolitan Task Force is holding the city to ransom.For the second consecutive day, the city came to a grinding halt, with BBMP offices, zonal centres and help centres remaining shut. The one section that matters most to the citizens -- pourakarmikas - also did not turn up to clean the streets.For the civic authorities and staff, the strike may be an opportunity to show how powerful they are, but for a city reeling under the threat of dengue, the garbage heaps are a health hazard. Already, 10 people have died of dengue in the city.As a stench rose over the city on Thursday, the chance of rain only increased the threat of epidemics. Garbage piled up on roadsides, and people from across the city complained that garbage had not been picked up for the second day; many slums saw children and grown ups suffering from high fever, probably dengue.\"Even if we would sweep the colony ourselves and pile up the waste in a corner, the wind blows it back into our courtyards. Four children from our colony have been diagnosed with dengue and admitted to Bowring and CSI hospitals,\" said Margaret Kumar, homemaker and resident of Annaswamy EWS Quarters in Fraser Town.\"Our trouble has doubled-on one side, BWSSB has dug the roadside for some pipeline work and on the other, garbage has not been lifted. For the past two days, the situation has gone from bad to worse and people are facing a lot of problems taking out their vehicles and even walking on the road,\" said Hameed Khan, resident of 8{+t}{+h} Main, Pillanna Garden.However, Ramamurthynagar saw some people taking the initiative to pick up garbage from the neighbourhood. AV Shama Rao, president, Ramamurthynagar Welfare Association demanded continuous interaction between citizens and the elected representatives to solve the issue. \"If the people get to express their concerns directly to the elected representatives, right from the corporator to the minister, such a fight between the BBMP and BMTF would never have taken place,\" he said.The situation is bad in BTM Layout, Koramangala and Jayanagar too. \"In BTM 1st stage, Jayanagar 4 'T' Block, near Nanda Theatre Park and Jayanagar 9th Block near East End, waste from houses and shops is lying by the roadsides. I have spoken to BBMP officials in charge of these places to do something before an epidemic spreads,\" said A Vidya Shankar, president of Bangalore South Residents' Welfare Association.Garbage also piled up in many pockets of the city, like Nagarbhavi, Vijayanagar, Mathikere, Banappa Park, Sarakki, Shivajinagar, Pottery Town and KR Puram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15427665", "title": "Nagpur University forms panel for 'Vision Document'", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur University recently constituted a panel for preparing its 'Vision Document' to lay down a road map to future development. It was formed under chancellor's nominee on Management Council Sanjay Khadakkar. The other members of the committee are Dilip Peshwe, Atul Vaidya, Vikas Jain and Board of College and University Development director (BCUD) Arvind Choudhary.Vice-chancellor Vilas Sapkal, presented the current status and future vision for the development of NU in the meeting of university senate. The MLAs nominated on the NU Senate were also present and provided their inputs. MLA Devendra Fadnavis emphasized that NU should focus more on skill-based, employability related education to attain greater inclusion, expansion and excellence.The members unanimously decided that a 'Vision Document' should be prepared within six months and formed the Khadakkar committee. The committee will receive feedback and suggestions from all the stakeholders in NU such as the students, teachers, authorities, alumni along with the society at large. PRO Prashant Mohite appealed to all stake holders to send their propositions to BCUD director Choudhary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15426394", "title": "Woman found dead, man ends life", "text": "INDORE: In a bizarre incident, a woman was found dead on Thursday morning and a man from the same village reportedly committed suicide after consuming poisonous substance. The incidents took place in Sanwer. Police are trying to establish links between the two incidents. The local people have claimed that the duo were earlier very close to each other.One of the deceased has been identified as Savita Singh (23) wife of Vijay Singh. She was found dead with multiple stab injuries at Chithoda crossing. The woman had come to celebrate Rakshabandhan at her parental home in Barodia Khan in Sanwer a few days ago. She was staying there since then.While, Rakesh Singh (26), son of Gopal Singh, committed suicide by consuming poisonous substance in the afternoon. He was immediately rushed to a local hospital after the incident from where he was referred to the MY Hospital.It is believed that Savita and Rakesh were very close before the former was got married. The police is investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15427530", "title": "Plan panel nod for scheme to arrest dwindling population of Parsis", "text": "NEW DELHI: Planning Commission has cleared a scheme to arrest the dwindling population of the miniscule Parsi (Zoroastrian) community, in what will be the first intervention of its kind.The Plan panel had earlier turned down the minority affairs ministry's scheme to tackle the falling population of religious minorities.The programme \u2014 scheme for containing population decline of small minority community\u2014 aims at increasing the diminishing numbers of the Parsis by a scientific and structured approach.\"The Planning Commission has accorded 'in-principal' approval to the scheme,\" minister for planning Ashwani Kumar told Parliament in a written reply. According to the 2001 Census, the number of Parsis had declined from 114, 000 in 1941 to 69,000.A budgetary provision of Rs 2 crore has been made for the scheme in current fiscal, and it aims to address the issue of population decline among the Parsis through fertility treatments and awareness campaigns.The Central Sector Scheme launched in 2010-11 earlier had a budgetary provision of Rs 1 crore, but was turned down by the Plan panel.The government's move comes on the back of the National Commission for Minorities' demand for an elaborate survey of the community.To convince Plan panel, the minority affairs ministry placed Census 2011 figures that showed the rapid decline in the community's population. The minister said that the scheme will be implemented through organizations or societies of the Parsis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15427094", "title": "Montek may rethink healthcare proposal", "text": "NEW DELHI: A public uproar against the Planning Commission's intention to \"corporatize healthcare\" seems to have forced the Plan panel to reconsider its intentions.Deputy chairman of the Commission Montek Singh Ahluwalia met Dr K Srinath Reddy and Dr Gita Sen \u2014 members of the high-level expert group (HLEG) on universal health coverage (UHC) \u2014 on Thursday evening, and indicated that the \"panel's draft proposal will be revised next week after it received comments from both the health ministry and the HLEG.\"The Commission's dramatic draft policy had earlier asked for a reversal of the long-standing public health policy, ending governments' dominant role in providing health services and transiting to greater privatization of the health sector - along the lines of 'the managed care' system that is followed in the US and Mexico.Dr Reddy after meeting Ahluwalia told TOI \"The proposal is still a draft and has not been finalized. The Commission has sought the comments of both the HLEG and the health ministry and intends to revise the draft next week. We will send our concerns and point out the recommendations we made in our report earlier, some of which may not have been correctly interpreted.\"On Tuesday, the Union health ministry sent its comments to the Commission openly accusing the Plan panel of overlooking \"suggestions/directions as emerged from the working group reports and introducing ideas and approaches which have never been subjected to any level of consultation or discussion.\"The ministry has expressed worry on the panel's draft chapter that indicates a total public investment on health in the 12th Plan to be only 1.5% of GDP as against earlier plans to raise total health expenditure to 2.5% of GDP by the end of 2017.The health ministry says it has strong reservations against the panel's proposal for a National Health Mission (NHM) saying, \"the way it has been articulated is fraught with the danger of neglect of rural areas which requires more attention.\"The ministry says that it was decided in a recent meeting that there will be a NHM with two sub-missions \u2014 National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) and National Urban Health Mission (NUHM). While the implementation structure will be common for both, the resource allocation and strategy both for rural and urban areas will be in keeping with their respective needs.The letter says, \"The health set-ups in rural areas conform to a uniform pattern, while in urban areas it varies widely not only from state to state but also for different category of local bodies within a state such as mega cities, metropolitan cities or municipal towns. Hence, there cannot be a uniform approach for both rural and urban areas. It must also be taken into account that the Cabinet has already approved the continuation of NRHM during the 12th Plan. A separate proposal for NUHM is under formulation.\"The ministry also points to how the Plan panel document has used the recommendations on UHC by the HLEG \"rather selectively\" with focus on a managed care approach with an enhanced role for the private sector.\"The suggested pilot models heavily promote corporatization of health. The ministry has been advocating developing a strong public health system to be supplemented by private sector participation. This has also been highlighted by HLEG which advocates strengthening of primary care as well as district hospitals,\" the letter added.The ministry says that the suggested re-structuring of the central sector schemes needs a fresh look.It has been suggested that all the central sector programmes would be consolidated to six schemes that include AYUSH (ayurveda, unani, siddha and homeopathy) and health research and 24 centrally sponsored schemes under the NHM.The ministry's letter says this would create \"substantial confusion and will be unwieldy.\" Hence, it has been suggested that the programmes under the department of health can be brought under six different schemes, including the NHM. The NHM will have four different components of NRHM, NUHM, communicable diseases and non-communicable diseases.\"The programmes of department of AYUSH, AIDS control and health research should be completely separate,\" the health ministry says.The Plan panel's prescription of a privatized healthcare will diminish the role of government in delivering primary healthcare to essentials like antenatal care leaving the more lucrative medical treatments to the 'managed-care' system where private players will compete with the cash-strapped government run-hospitals to run the 'networks'.Sources say at stake in this controversial move is the huge allocation for the health sector that is set to rise substantially as the government raises its investment in the 12th Plan to Rs 10,85,369 crore. Now, almost all health funds provided to states are part of the flexible arrangement to help them set public health priorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15430016", "title": "Goenka, Bisne, Bhagwat advance in Maharashtra junior badminton", "text": "NAGPUR: City shuttlers excelled in the first Maharashtra junior state selection badminton tournament being played at Nashik on Thursday. Mrunmayi Saoji and Rujuta Bhagwat sailed into the U-17 girls singles quarterfinals with straight-game wins in the pre-quarters.Second seed Rasika Raje along with her Nagpur counterparts Swatika Butey and Vaishnavi Bhale sealed last 16 berths in the U-19 girls singles.Nagpur pair Vaibhav Bisne and Gaurav Rege trounced Pune's Kunal Gole and Abhishek Kulkarni 21-14, 21-8 to storm into the quarters. Another city shuttler Manan Goenka and his Pune partner Sudhanshu Medshikar also advanced into the last eight.Earlier in the morning, Manan-Sudhanshu ousted Likhith Bangera and Sushrut Karmarkar of Mumbai Suburban 21-13, 21-18.Results (Only Nagpur players):U-19 boys doubles (pre-quarterfinals): Manan Goenka-Sudhanshu Medshikar bt Rohan Kadam and Ateet Mhambrey 21-14, 21-10; Vaibhav Bisne-Gaurav Rege bt Kunal Gole-Abhishek Sadanand Kulkarni 21-14, 21-8.U-19 girls singles (Round of 32): Swatika Butey bt Asavari Albal 21-11, 21-7; Kalyani Limaye bt Bhakti Dahasahasra 18-21, 21-19, 21-11; Shruti Mundada bt Mrunmayi Saoji 21-8, 21-14; Anokhi Hariya bt Radhika Katdhare 21-9, 21-14; Vaishnavi Bhale bt Rujuta Bhagwat 21-10, 13-21, 21-19; 2-Rasika Raje w/o Tejasvini Ghuge.U-17 girls singles (pre-quarters): 1-Lalita Katre bt Asavari Albal 21-14, 21-7; Vaishnavi Iyer bt Vaishnavi Bhale 17-21, 21-10, 21-15; Mrunmayi Saoji bt Anokhi Hariya 22-20, 21-14; 3-Revati Deosthale bt Swatika Butey 11-21, 21-17, 21-15; Rujuta Bhagwat bt Ramsha Kalimuddin Farooqi 21-6, 21-8.U-17 boys singles (Round of 32): Vaibhav Bisne bt Vipul Shinde 21-5, 21-11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15426145", "title": "After SC rap, MP notifies buffer zone in Panna reserve", "text": "BHOPAL: Stung by the Supreme Court order banning tourism in core areas of tiger reserves, the Madhya Pradesh government on Thursday notified 1002 sq km as buffer zone of much-talked about Panna Tiger Reserve (PTR).For the past two years, the state government was apparently reluctant to notify buffer area of PTR. The state government gave in after the apex court stand over notifying buffer zone of tiger reserves and banning tourism in its core areas.On April 3, the SC had asked the states to notify buffer zones in the reserves, but the state did not do it in Panna reserve. Taking serious note, the apex court on July 24 banned tourism in the core areas of the tiger reserves across the country and gave three week time - as the last opportunity - to some states to notify buffer area.Spread over the core area of 576 sq km in Chhatapur and Panna districts, Panna Tiger Reserve came into national focus when it became devoid of big cat population due to poaching in early 2009 after Sariska Tiger Reserve in Rajasthan. There was a general perception among the wildlife buffs that the striped animal population wiped out from the two reserves, primarily because the two didn't have the buffer or cushion for the wildlife.\"The state government has issued notification in connection with the buffer zone in Panna,\" principal chief conservator of forests (general) R K Dave told TOI. With this, now all the six tiger reserves in MP have buffer zones, he added.Dave said the buffer zone included forest and revenue area comprising 49 villages. There won't be any restriction on collection, use and sale of forest produce in the area, he added. Normal forestry and wildlife conservation activities go on in the buffer zone, he said.In October 2010, chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan has stirred a hornet's nest saying that human beings were more important for him after the locals' mounted pressure against creation of buffer zone. After the statement, the wildlife activists alleged that Chouhan has succumbed to the powerful mining mafia active around Panna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15428218", "title": "Bijnor engineer not the first target of arrested Delhi cops", "text": "LUCKNOW: Two constables of Delhi Police who were arrested in Rampur on Wednesday for posing as CBI sleuths and kidnapping a UP Jal Nigam engineer for ransom were part of a full-fledged gang headed by a police inspector. The kidnapping of the Bijnor engineer was not their first act, and certainly not the last one. Impersonating as CBI officials and extracting huge sum from potential target was something in which they had achieved mastery.Bareilly inspector general of police Devendra Singh Chauhan, who supervised the operation to rescue engineer SK Bansal, said that the two arrested constables have confessed that the leader of their gang was an inspector posted with the anti-robbery cell of the Delhi Police. Although he didn't reveal the identity of the inspector, the IG said that the Delhi Police had been informed about this gang and its inspector.Constables Mukesh Yadav and Ajit Singh of Delhi Police's crime branch (special cell) and two others had approached Bansal at his Bijnor home on Tuesday evening. Posing as CBI officials, they forced Bansal to accompany them in their car to Lucknow. On the way, the gang told Bansal that they were probing a corruption case against him and even produced search and arrest warrants issued in his name. Once on the move, they offered to let Bansal off for Rs20 lakh. But they were arrested before money could exchange hands.After sustained interrogation, the two arrested constables have reportedly confessed that before kidnapping Bansal, they had used the same modus operandi to force one Pramod Gupta and Harish Arora to dole out Rs30 lakh each. The two have been identified as Rajasthan-based businessmen involved in mobile tower operations. The gang had also pocketed an ever bigger sum from a Shakarpur (Delhi)-based businessman Zakir Ali who is into CD-DVD trade. \"The two constables also provided details of four officials from the Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited (BSNL) and Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL) posted in the National Capital Region (NCR) as their next targets,\" IG Chauhan said. Following their arrest, the police recovered two genuine-looking fake identity cards of the CBI with their photographs on them. This apart, they also recovered a Chinese pistol, 16 live cartridges, six ATM cards and cellphones each. \"The car which the gang was using has also traced to have been a stolen vehicle,\" the IG told TOI.The meticulous planning and virtually fool proof modus-operandi of the gang has left the senior police officials baffled. \"I was convinced that they were genuine CBI officials till our car was stopped by the Rampur police on Moradabad-Bareilly-Rampur route of National Highway (NH) 24 and their CBI identity cards were found to be forged ones,\" said Bansal, the executive engineer who was kidnapped by the accused.Narrating his experience, Bansal said the accused - two constables and their three aides - showed him a typed complaint, containing details of his past and present postings and other personal details of his family and property. They also showed him printed warrants identical to the ones used by the CBI for searches and arrests. These warrants had signatures of an additional director-rank officer of the CBI with the proper seal on it, Bansal said, adding \"There was no way that I could have known that they were frauds.\"Police also recovered arrest memos, personal search memos and printed notice that CBI issues under section 160/165 of the Criminal Procedure CodeCrPC. This notice is served to seek personal appearance of an individual before the CBI on a particular date, time and place. The accused had executed the crime with such finesse that they even stopped at a Dhaba near Dalpatpur on Bijnore borders and offered a soft drink to Bansal, leaving hardly any scope for the victim to suspect that they were impersonators.Their game plan however was exposed when Bansal called up his subordinate SC Sharma, asking to arrange for Rs20 lakh. The latter got suspicious about the whole thing when Bansal's call ended abruptly. He straightway went to Bansal's house to find out his whereabouts. Bansal's domestic help Teg Bahadur however told Sharma that the executive engineer had left with five unidentified men in a white car about an hour ago. This added to his apprehensions of foul play and he informed the police about the whole thing. The police then tracked the cellphone from which the call was made and finally intercepted the accused and the victim on Rampur borders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15428962", "title": "Improve CNG supply or we go off roads, say auto &amp; cab drivers", "text": "PUNE: Thousands of autorickshaw and drivers, who have their vehicles running on Compressed Natural Gas (CNG) are facing severe inconvenience due to shortage of filling stations that supply the gas.The Rickshaw Panchayat - one of the major autorickshaw union of Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad -- has issued a warning that autorickshaws will go off the roads if the government authorities do not make efforts to improve CNG supply by August 15.Serpentine queues of autorickshaw and cab drivers could be seen at the CNG filling stations at Narveer Tanaji Wadi in Shivajinagar, Kasarwadi and a couple of other stations. The queue of autorickshaw drivers at Shivajinagar stretched for nearly 3 km. The same was the situation at other filling stations. Autorickshaw drivers said they have to wait in queues for nearly three to four hours to get the gas. \"No one has bothered to look at our plight. We are losing our business. We have been braving the rains and other weather conditions to wait in the queues,\" said an autorickshaw driver.\"The government issued directives to run vehicles on CNG without bothering to improve the supply of the gas,'' another driver said.It has been nearly two years since the city has been facing the problem of inadequate CNG supply. The situation, most drivers said, has worsened because of the increase in number of vehicles running on CNG. The number of supply stations has not increased in proportion to the increase in number of vehicles running on CNG, the drivers said.At present, there are over 18,000 vehicles running on CNG. Baba Kamble, president of the Maharashtra Rickshaw Panchayat said many autorickshaw drivers from Pune are forced to come to Pimpri-Chinchwad to fill CNG everyday.The problem of inadequate CNG supply has also affected traffic on certain roads. Long queues of vehicles, including that of PMPML buses and other private vehicles, near the filling stations, has affected movement of traffic on roads at Narveer Tanaji Wadi, Kasarwadi, etc.Former member of the Regional Transport Authority Baba Shinde said if the Maharashtra Natural Gas Limited (MNGL), which supplies CNGto the city and Pimpri-Chinchwad, is not able to improve the supply, the government should take a decision to temporarily stop retrofitment of CNG kits for vehicles. Shinde demanded a high level meeting of all oil companies to resolve the issue. The MNGL has not issued any statement so far about the status of CNG supply. Despite repeated attempts, no official could be reached for comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15427036", "title": "Yamuna Expressway toll waived till August 16", "text": "NEW DELHI: Commuters can enjoy free ride on Yamuna Expressway till August 16. In a \"goodwill\" gesture, the e-way developer has asked the toll booth managers not to charge commuters for the next one week. However, this diktat was issued after an informal direction from the Uttar Pradesh government, sources said .Though no official announcement was made about the \"free ride\" to avoid excessive rush, senior Jaypee officials said, \" People would like to get first hand experience of this e-way and our operators would also get trained for quicker processing of traffic at toll plazas.\" However, the company is likely to lose Rs 40-50 lakh per day due to this concession.In most toll road projects across the country, developers usually allow free ride for a few days after newly-opened stretches so that the toll operators get acquainted to the system. The three plazas have been designed to cater to the needs for the next 20 years. Later more toll lanes would be added considering the traffic growth. The developer expects that not only personal vehicles, many UP-bound commercial and heavy vehicles would also take the stretch despite stiffer toll charges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15429817", "title": "\u2018Teachers\u2019 support vital for children with disorders\u2019", "text": "MYSORE: The implantable hearing device unit and voice clinic, inaugurated on Thursday to mark the 47th anniversary of All India Institute of Speech and Hearing (AIISH) in the city, will offer service to people suffering from communication disorders. Speaking on the occasion, N Prabhu Dev, vice-chancellor of Bangalore University, stressed the role of teachers and parents to help children with communication disorders overcome the difficulties.\"Hearing problems in children can affect their academic performance.Teachers have to be tolerant and help children overcome their complexes. Anxiety and tension may lead to stuttering in many people and can have an adverse effect on their lives,\" he said and lauded the efforts of AIISH in supporting many people to rise above their disabilities.A manual on talking ear impression and test material for word and non-word repetition in Kannada was released. Meritorious students and PhD awardees were felicitated on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15429697", "title": "Youth electrocuted while repairing cable", "text": "JAIPUR: A 24-year-old man was electrocuted, while his friend sustained serious burn injuries when they came in contact with overhead electricity wires in Pheethawas village under Kardhani police station area on Thursday.The victims, who were working for an electricity department contractor, were trying to repair a faulty electricity wire, police said.According to the police, Vijendra Singh alias Kalu and Ajeet Singh, both 24-year-old, had climbed onto an electricity pole around 12.30 pm. \"They worked for a contractor. Suddenly, Vijrendra came in contact with an electricity wire.When Ajeet saw him being electrocuted, he tried to help him. While Vijendra died on the spot, Ajeet Singh sustained serious burn injuries,\" said a police officer.The officer said that Ajeet was referred SMS Hospital where he is undergoing treatment. \"If negligence is found on part of their employer, FIR would be registered against him,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15427788", "title": "UP now main source of illegal guns in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: After several cases of failure with crude country-made firearms available in local markets, criminals seem to have turned to more sophisticated versions made in underground factories in Uttar Pradesh. Most of the firearms seized from culprits in city were procured from illegal traders in UP.These weapons, that include revolvers as well as pistols, are increasingly replacing the traditional knives and swords among the criminals. Senior police officers here say these are fairly sophisticated weapons having heavier body and better finish.The goons had earlier graduated from crude 'katta', which is a contraption made of ordinary steel pipe, to slightly better guns that they dubbed 'Mauser'. Now Mausers are giving way to new weapons that tend to copy looks and functions from better known foreign brands. They may even have name of foreign countries embossed on them to give an impression of being imported. This fetches them better prices ranging between Rs 35,000 and Rs 40,000. The suppliers also provide ammunition to the buyers.The extortion mastermind Ravindra Devangan and his accomplices, who had made calls to businessmen demanding Rs 10 lakh each, too had purchased their firearms and live cartridges from a UP-based furniture seller-turned-arms dealer. Ganeshpeth police had made a trip to UP and nabbed the dealer in Chitrakoot. Crime branch had nabbed Yogesh Pachpor for possession of two firearms. Pachpor too claimed that he had received the firearms from a friend who got it from Uttar Pradesh.Jaripatka police too nabbed two for possessing firearms. The firearm had an embossment claiming it was manufactured in Italy. A senior officer said it was similar to the ones that Devangan and Pachpor had. Though Jaripatka police are yet to lay their hands upon the man gave the firearm to the duo, it is being speculated that it too may have come from UP.Senior inspector of crime branch Madhao Giri said that his team had nabbed a truck driver a couple of months ago claimed that the gun he had in his possession came from UP. \"There is no doubt there is a steady influx of the firearms from UP. Manufacturers and dealers there have well-oiled interstate networks. We are netting people with guns and gathering a lot of information about the rackets from them,\" said Giri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15429382", "title": "Pak amasses nuclear arsenal to counter India: US report", "text": "WASHINGTON: Seeking to counter India, Pakistan is making qualitative and quantitative improvements to its nuclear arsenal and could increase the number of circumstances under which it would use them, a US congressional report has said.\"Pakistan appears to be increasing its fissile production capability and improving its delivery vehicles in order to hedge against possible increases in India's nuclear arsenal. Islamabad may also accelerate its current nuclear weapons efforts,\" the congressional research service (CRS) report said.Pakistan could increase the number of circumstances under which it would be willing to use nuclear weapons, the report said. CRS said that Pakistan's nuclear weapons programme is mainly aimed to address the threat perception it has from India and thus act as a deterrent for India.\"India has stated that it needs only a 'credible minimum deterrent', but has never defined what it means by such a deterrent and has refused to sign the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty,\" it said.Pakistan may also consider fielding non-strategic nuclear weapons to increase the credibility of its nuclear deterrent versus Indian conventional military operations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15426883", "title": "Did the \u2018Noida jinx\u2019 keep Akhilesh Yadav away?", "text": "NOIDA: It was deja vu in Noida all over again with chief minister Akhilesh Yadav choosing to inaugurate one of the big-ticket projects in the state, the Yamuna Expressway, through a remote control from Lucknow rather than by coming down to the city. Earlier, even the former chief minister of BJP had chosen to inaugurate the DND flyway in 2001 from New Delhi rather than from Noida.The fear of 'Noida jinx' in the political grapevine has been at the root cause of this. According to superstition, the jinx in the past has claimed the chairs of several chief ministers soon after their visit to Noida.The last person to the fall to this jinx was BSP chief minister Mayawati, who lost power in the assembly elections held in February-March, 2012 after she personally flew down to Noida to inaugurate the Dalit Prerna Sthal in October, 2011.The 'jinx' had begun more than 20 years back with former chief minister of the state, Veer Bahadur Singh. Losing losing power in 1988, within days of having paid a visit to Noida. Singh's successor, Narayan Dutt Tiwari, had also been dethroned from the chief ministerial seat a few days after having visited Noida.The jinx has had its effect on the Samajwadi Party too in the past, with Akhilesh's father, Mulayam Singh Yadav , having lost power. In 1995, when Mulayam was the chief minister of the state, he had lost the elections which were held immediately after he had visited Noida.BSP supremo Mayawati had fallen prey to the Noida jinx even before the 2012 assembly elections of Uttar Pradesh. She had lost power in 1997 after visiting Noida. The jinx has claimed the chair of Kalyan Singh too in 1999.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15427231", "title": "No political hues at Tamil Eelam meet: M Karunanidhi", "text": "CHENNAI: To ensure that the first conference of the revived Tamil Eelam Supporters Organisation (TESO) remains apolitical, DMK on Thursday directed its cadres and supporters to refrain from sporting flags or banners during the event.A party press release said the participants, party cadres and those from the alliance parties, were strictly directed not to carry anything political, including flags, images of leaders, and political banners. \"The members should also refrain from raising slogans against other parties,\" the release said.Union ministers Farooq Abdullah and Sharad Pawar, and Samajwadi Party general secretary Ram Gopal Yadav, Janata Dal (United) chief Ram Vilas Paswan and some foreign delegates are expected to participate in the conference scheduled to take place on the YMCA grounds in Chennai on August 12.On Wednesday, DMK chief M Karunanidhi accused the Sri Lankan government of spreading \"false propaganda\" against TESO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15428776", "title": "Balkhadiya gang guns down five in Chitrakoot", "text": "KANPUR: After lull of a few months, dacoits struck in Chitrakoot district on Thursday morning, gunning down a former gram pradhan and four members of his family. Three others from the ill-fated family, including an infant, were struggling for life in an Allahabad hospital.According to reports, the dacoits, believed to be members of Balkhadiya gang, barged into the house of Durga Prasad (45), a former pradhan of Dodamafi village under Markundi police station, at around 2am and dragged him and his brother Sunil (27) out in the open.After thrashing them mercilessly with the 'butt' of guns, the dacoits sprayed them with bullets. Both died on the spot. The dacoits then took other members of the family hostage and shot Sunil's wife Anita (25), Durga's mother Bhagwaniya (65) and his 10-year-old niece Lakshmi besides injuring three other members of the family.The injured included a 15-month-old infant, 10-year-old boy Deepak and teenaged girl Roshni. While Anita, Bhagwaniya and Lakshmi succumbed on way to hospital, the infant, Deepak and Roshni have been admitted to the SRN Hospital in Allahabad.Sources said the gang members of dacoit Sudesh Patel alias Balkhadiya, who is carrying a reward of Rs 2.5 lakh, had initially raided Ram Kalyan Vishwakarma's house but could not find him. They later raided Durga Prasad's house.On receiving the information of the crime, IG zone (Allahabad) Alok Sharma and district magistrate Adarsh Singh rushed to the scene of crime along with a heavy police force.This was the third time when the Balkhadiya gang executed killings in such a brutal manner in the district. In May last, Balkhadiya had raided Jamunahai village under Markundi police station and shot dead two brothers who were close relatives of village head of Jamunahai. On May 20, they shot dead Vijay Pal, a former BDC member and a BSP worker at Nihi Chiraiyya village.Sources said that in all these incidents, Balkhadiya suspected the victims of passing information about the activities of his gang to the local police. As news of the crime spread, hundreds of people from nearby villages assembled at the spot making the situation tense and volatile. When senior district police and civil officials reached the village, the villagers raised anti-administration slogans.The irate villagers had not allowed the police to take the bodies for post-mortem till filing of this report. They alleged that the killings have been executed in connivance with the police as the dacoits indulged in bloodbath for nearly an hour, but the PAC unit deployed nearby at the Community centre did not react in time. They alleged that Sudesh Patel alias Balkhadiya gang was behind the murders.Reacting to the development, the district administration beefed up security at the Dodamafi village by Thursday evening.\"In the backdrop of threat to the family of the victims and other villagers, security has been strengthened at the village with a fresh deployment of PAC contingent from Allahabad,\" IG Alok Sharma said. \"Extensive combing operation is underway and the guilty would soon be brought to book,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15427409", "title": "65-year-old tree axed, activists up in arms", "text": "COIMBATORE: It was one of the nesting spots for the birds arriving at Ukkadam Lake for over the past three decades after it attained its majestic height and branched out forming a green canopy over the Karuppurayan temple and nearby stalls.But this was until a group of 15 men deployed by the Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Corporation Limited (TANGEDCO) arrived on Thursday afternoon and chopped down an entire portion of the 65-year-old Peepul tree near Ukkadam bus terminus in the city.A group of environmentalists and some local residents rushed to the spot and tried to reason with the men and managed to turn them back but only after bringing down an entire portion of the tree and a couple of bird nests and smashing the eggs inside.The environmentalists have lodged a complaint with the Ukkadam police while the TANGEDCO officials claimed that they had no option but to cut the tree as there were overhead power cables adjacent to the tree.\"The TANGEDCO people could have ensured that the tree was pruned if they were concerned about the overhead power cables. They just went ahead and chopped it down an entire portion from the stump,\" said Mohammed Saleem of Environment Conservation Group.\"Since the Ukkadam lake is situated close by the big trees in the area especially like this Peepul tree which often is used as a nesting spot. It is very cruel to indiscriminately chop down these trees,\" said NI Jalaludin, The Nature Conservation Society.The TANGEDCO officials had a different version to narrate as they pointed out that the green activists had to understand their practical difficulties in such situations. A senior official however claimed that they give strict instructions to the workers to prune the tree and not chop it indiscriminately wherever possible but sometimes the workers do not bother to follow these instructions and axe the tree.\"We are willing to join hands with the green activists when it comes to protecting tress while pruning them to avoid contact with overhead power cables but so far we have not got any response,\" said A Thangavel, chief engineer, TANGEDCO Coimbatore Region.The environmentalists also alleged that though the district administration had recently constituted a tree protection committee with district collector M Karunagaran as its chairman, the government officials were not serious about protecting trees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15429022", "title": "World Tribal Day observed in capital", "text": "RANCHI: On the occasion of 'World Tribal Day', a discussion on 'The existence and development of scheduled tribe language and literature' was organized by an NGO, Tribal Study Centre, Vikas Bharti Vishunpur.The speakers in the event stressed on the need to recognize an official regional language in the state and necessitate education in mother tongue in all state schools.Anita Munda, wife of late Ram Dayal Munda, said \"I would request the state government to implement mother tongue in all schools as the medium of instruction so that children learn things better. States like Maharashtra have made Marathi, the compulsory medium of instruction in schools. Even Orissa has implemented it, then why can't we implement it in our state, atleast in the initial stage, from class 1 to 5.\"Roop Laxmi Munda, Jharkhand Child Rights Protection Commission said, \"The culture, language, food here is the identity of the tribal people. At times they are denied their basic rights. I request the intellectuals to help them realize their rights. I feel our state should have a regional language of its own for which I will try my best to coordinate with the government and implement it.\"Ashok Bhagat, secretary of Vikas Bharti said, \"Tribals should become part of mainstream society. They are an important part of Indian society. The concept of Gram Sabha generates from tribal society. We need to understand their culture. As far as having native language as medium of instructions is concerned, it should be implemented so that children start taking interest in studies.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "15427692", "title": "Collector orders resurvey of 189 sand ghats", "text": "Yavatmal: Collector Ashwin Mudgal on Thursday ordered resurvey of 189 sand ghats in the district. Earlier the auction of these sand ghats was held back owing to a report of geological department citing that there is \"no sand in the river beds\".According to official sources, the collector met officials of geological and minerals and mining departments and reviewed the situation. He also asked the groundwater survey department to go for a resurvey to ascertain the feasibility of holding the auction again.Yavatmal district has 372 auction worthy sand ghats which generate crores of rupees every year. In 2011 the district administration could auction only 119 sand ghats. 189 could be auctioned due to the report of the groundwater survey department while 64 could not be auctioned for want of gram panchayat NOC.Market price of sand was deliberately hiked by the contractors who got the auction permit of the sand ghats. Since there was no auction and high price, the sand mafias started illegal mining and transportation of sand in these places causing great loss of revenue.Officials said that the collector's latest order would certainly ensure a rethink on the previous report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15428506", "title": "High court directs Rajendra Agriculture University to allow retired teacher to work", "text": "PATNA: The Patna high court on Thursday directed the Rajendra Agriculture University (RAU) to allow a retired professor of the university, Gokulesh Jha, to work as professor, the post he had rejoined after the retirement age of university teachers was raised from 62 to 65 years.Passing an interim order on a writ petition of Jha, a single bench of Justice Navin Sinha directed the petitioner to return the retirement benefit drawn from the university from the day he had retired at the age of 62.The court made this order conditional, stating that it will be subject to the final order in the case. The court directed the state government and the RAU to file counter-affidavits in the case in four weeks, explaining their stand.Petitioner's counsel Anand Ojha submitted that the petitioner had already invested the amount of retirement benefits. The court allowed the petitioner to arrange money to pay back the amount to the university. The court observed that the services of the petitioner as professor in the RAU would be deemed to be regularized from the date he had retired at the age of 62, in case the order goes in his favour.RAU counsel Chandra Mohan Singh submitted before the court that as per relevant rules of the state government, the petitioner's joining would be conditional till he paid the retiral benefits drawn by him and that the period of his earned leave would be counted in the service and for the rest period, during which he had not worked, would be deemed as leave without pay.Cooperative societies election: A division bench comprising Justice T Meena Kumari and Justice Chakradhari Sharan Singh directed the state government to reply to a PIL of Bihar Rajya Sahkarita Vikas Samanvay Samiti seeking the cooperative societies election pending since 2008. The court issued notice in this regard to the Bihar State Election Authority.Petitioner's counsel Rakesh Kumar Jha submitted that under the legal provision, the old elected committees of the respective cooperative societies continued till 2010 and, thereafter, the state government had thrice superseded the cooperative societies.PIL for water supply: A division bench comprising Shiva Kirti Singh and Justice Vikash Jain directed principal secretary, urban development department, and Patna Water Board (PWB) to chalk out a plan for early completion of water supply system with the required boring for water supply to the residents of Road number 2, Gardanibagh, and adjacent areas in Patna town. The order was passed on a PIL of Naseeb Lal Yadav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15427263", "title": "Day 1: Support for Baba Ramdev pours in from other states", "text": "NEW DELHI: Over a year after being bundled out of Ramlila Maidan, Baba Ramdev and thousands of his supporters returned to the ground on Thursday with renewed fervour. Even as supporters came with their bags packed with supplies for at least a month, Ramdev began his three-day symbolic fast to bring back the black money stashed abroad.The supporters \u2014 mostly registered members of Ramdev's Bharat Swabhiman and his yoga camps \u2014 have travelled thousands of kilometres in trains and buses, some without reservations or even tickets, to reach the venue.Days after Team Anna struggled to gather enough numbers at Jantar Mantar, over 10,000 people camped at the Maidan \u2014 they were sleeping, chatting, performing yoga, drying their garments in their little corners. \"We are here till Baba asks us to leave. Some of us have brought clothes for two months. We are prepared for the worst,\" said Usha Singh, a follower from Sirsa.However, barring the members of Bharat Swabhiman, very few Delhiites turned up to hear Ramdev. The rest, a majority of them farmers, seemed clearly in awe. They have asked other family members to look after their agricultural work and headed to Delhi. Others believe the campaign may really make a difference and solve their problems.Surendra Kumar from Palamu in Jharkhand came with his little bag of clothes and a bedsheet but no ticket. \"I just showed them my Bharat Swabhiman ID card and they let me travel. I had to come because Baba's campaign may bring about change.\"But the ground may soon turn into a hygiene nightmare with litter infesting the area and the 500 toilets failing to cater to the huge crowd. \"We will manage. Toilets are going to be filthy but we will stay put,\" said a supporter.Some of the supporters are already ready to go further. \"We will gherao Parliament. Supporters from Punjab, Haryana and UP will gherao Delhi from all sides,\" said Sukhbir from Rohtak.Ramdev also tried to woo the minority community by taking breaks for every azaan and hosting an iftaar for them. As the time to break the fast was announced, Ramdev \u2014 covering his head with a cloth, served dates to Muslims.Phone snatchers had a field day at the venue despite a huge deployment of police personnel. Ramdev tried to pacify people who had lost their phone by comparing the petty thefts with much bigger corruption cases in the country. Bhojpuri Singer and actor Manoj Tiwari also helped in keeping the spirit high for the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15427255", "title": "Govindas prepare to scale an impossible 10-tier pyramid", "text": "MUMBAI: Night will turn into day almost, as thousands of devotees throng temples to celebrate Krishna Janmashtami on the intervening night of Friday and Saturday. The lord who took on various roles as saviour, mentor and charioteer in the cause of 'dharma' is welcomed by rocking the cradle at the midnight hour.But the spectacular dahi handi will crown daytime revelry. Multi-layered human pyramids are driven by political organisers who promise lakhs of rupees for the risky business of levelling the height of a four-storey building. This year, prize-winning mandals like Tadwadi, Mazgaon, and Jai Jawan, Jogeshwari, have set their sights on an impossible 10-tiers., directing govindas not to glance at the ground below.Thane politician Pratap Sarnaik of Sanskruti has invited representatives from the Guinness Book of World Records and Limca Book to record this challenge. Nearby, the grand-daddy of dahi handi celebrations,Jitendra Awhad plans to take the Sangharsh festival beyond the one-day localized phenomenon. \"On November 1, we will take the boys to India Gate in New Delhi and present their skills before the prime minister and all ministers hailing from Maharashtra,\" he said.Awhad claims to prefer adventure over glamour even though a retinue of filmstars will soak in the festivities. Akshay Kumar, Hrithik Roshan, Emraan Hashmi and Esha Deol will make guest appearances at Worli's Sankalp event hosted by Sangeeta and Sachin Ahir. Hrithik will enact his dahi handi scene from 'Agneepath' and Esha will perform a 'Radha ballet' before the 400-odd govinda pathaks. Ram Kadam's Ghatkopar handi will receive Bipasha Basu and Rakhi Sawant.Practice sessions or 'sarav' taper off as Janmashtami nears because few teams wish to take risks with injury or tire themselves out. The 25-odd women's 'pathaks' in the city are hoping to keep last year's seven-tier record, with young mothers drawing in toddlers for the task.National kabaddi champion Geeta Zagde will put her three-year-old daughter Ashtami, who was born this day, to the litmus test. \"I have trained her well. We would have matched the rival team's seven layers last year but our girls were disturbed by the loud sounds of DJ music,\" rues 32-year-old Zagde, president of the Parle Sports Club. Unlike previous years, this time the team has secured full sponsorship.However, 90% of teams reach an average or five to six layers. Apart from a handful of high-profile groups, few even get the promised prize money. \"The cumulative grand prize running into lakhs of rupees includes expenses incurred by the organisers. It is a gimmick to draw more mandals and run the event through the day before the predictable winners are announced at night,\" says a govinda from Chinchpokli. His team managed the average six-layer pyramid across three different venues and only received a total of Rs 5,000, which did not even cover their travel expenses.To their credit, police have seldom allowed a brawl to get out of hand in this season of drunken revelry. This year too, it is all hands on deck. DCP (zone II) and police spokesperson Nisar Tamboli said, \"We have given an additional 2,000 personnel to police stations. Four companies of SRPF and 1,000 home guards have been deployed.\"Civic authorities say KEM hospital, which receives the highest number of casualties during this festival, will keep a separate ward and two units of doctors ready. \"Most cases are of broken bones. We are keeping a ward ready for casualty cases,\" said a senior doctor. Dr Sandhya Kamat, dean of Sion Hospital said, \"We have kept aside 25 beds for any casualty that may come up.\" Other BMC hospitals too have made similar preparations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15432923", "title": "Tamil Eelam Supporters Conference meet in deep waters", "text": "CHENNAI: Suspense over the DMK-sponsored Tamil Eelam Supporters Conference (TESO) in Chennai continued, with the Tamil Nadu government indicating that it would reject permission to hold the meet at YMCA grounds in Royapettah.When a public interest writ petition against the conference came up for admission before a division bench comprising Justice Elipe Dharma Rao and Justice M Venugopal on Friday, advocate-general A Navaneethakrishnan said the venue will give rise to several problems as it was located in the centre of the city.Navaneethakrishnan said an application for conducting the meeting was submitted to the city police on July 29 and on August 8 the police had sought certain clarification from the organisers. The location can hold only 8,000 participants whereas the DMK's party organ Murasoli said one lakh people would take part in the meeting.Senior advocate P Wilson, representing the organisers of the meet, said a formal application was made to the YMCA management on July 2 itself. Permission was given by it the same.Additional solicitor-general of south India, M Ravindran, representing the Centre, said the Union of India had not raised any objection to the participation of any foreign nationals in the meet.The bench the directed the city commissioner of police to consider the representation of the organisers and pass orders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15427458", "title": "Islanding Delhi: Plan panel supports govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Planning Commission on Thursday came in support of Delhi government's demand for islanding the capital from the Northern Grid on the lines of south Mumbai.The city government had approached the Centre to island Delhi shortly after two consecutive failures in the grid late last month that led to a blackout in the city for several hours.In case the grid trips, islanding facility will ensure that dedicated power plants immediately supply power to the capital through dedicated corridors located outside the grid.Power department officials said: \"Some protective measures are essential for Delhi because as the country's capital, there are several strategic installations located here. We need a method to ensure that in future, they do not a blackout. The chief minster had met Union power minister M Veerappa Moily last week to explore the issue.''Delhi government officials were adamant that the capital should not have to suffer due to folly of others and islanding the capital would be an ideal emergency back-up plan.The Commission also approved Delhi's annual budget plan size for 2012-13 at Rs 15,862 crore. The size of Delhi's annual plan is Rs 1,662 crore higher than the last financial year.According to a statement released by the chief minister Sheila Dikshit, the utilization of budgetary allocation during the last year touched 96%. The statement said that the 12th Five Year Plan size for Delhi has been fixed at Rs 90,000 crore.After the meeting at the Planning Commission, Dikshit said that various issues including islanding of power supply in the capital were discussed with Plan Panel deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia.\"Islanding of vital installation of Delhi is necessary to insure against power failure. He (Ahluwalia) supported Delhi's demand for setting up a separate grid for Delhi on the lines of islanding in respect of Mumbai,\" Dikshit said.The CM also raised the issue of assured allocation of gas for the new power plants proposed by the government to increase the power generation capacity of plants from 2,232MW at present to 4,730 MW by the end of 12th Five Year Plan.The meeting also saw Dikshit raise the issue of replacing ration supplies with cash transfers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15427824", "title": "SC notice to CBI on Jagan bail plea", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Thursday issued a notice to the CBI on an appeal filed by YSR Congress chief Jaganmohan Reddy challenging a high court order refusing to grant him bail in a disproportionate assets case.A bench of justices Aftab Alam and Ranjana Desai, however, refused to entertain Jagan's other petition challenging the grounds of his arrest. On July 23, Jaganmohan Reddy had withdrawn his bail plea, which was listed before the bench of justices T S Thakur and F M I Kalifulla.Jagan had said that he was summoned by the CBI as a witness to depose in the case but was arrested on the ground that he was a sitting MP and a powerful person who could tamper with evidence and witnesses. However, in its arrest memo filed before the court, the CBI mentioned that the arrest was necessitated because he did not cooperate with the investigation and gave evasive answers. Jagan had challenged the arrest saying that the CBI's logic was contradictory.The YSR Congress party chief was arrested after the CBI probe, which was ordered by the Andhra Pradesh HC on a petition by a Congress MLA.In the petition, filed four months after Jagan broke away from Congress, the legislator had accused him of amassing assets hugely disproportionate to his legal sources of income. The CBI filed the chargesheet on March 31 and arrested Jaganmohan on May 27.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15426044", "title": "Wisconsin gurdwara handed over to management, open for public", "text": "WASHINGTON: Five days after the tragic shooting incident inside its premises which resulted in the death of six Sikh worshippers, the Wisconsin gurdwara was on Thursday opened for the public.The local police handed over the Oak Creek gurdwara to its management which immediately started the cleaning of the entire premises, with authorities saying that it is now open for the public.\"It is now open for the public,\" Jagajit Singh Sandhu, member of the temple committee said.The gurdwara was handed over to the management early this morning , following which the management started the cleaning purpose \"We expect the cleaning to be over soon, but it is open for the public now,\" Singh said.Built in 1997 to meet the needs of the local Sikh community, the Gurudwara was the scene of a tragic incident on Sunday when a lone gunman identified as Wade Michael Page, 41, on a shooting rampage, to kill six Sikh worshippers last Sunday.Page, the FBI said died of self-inflicted injuries, but the motive of his killing is not clear yet.Following the incident, the FBI and the local police took over the entire premises of the temple for its investigation.During his meeting with the Indian ambassador to the US, Nirupama Rao, the Oak Creek Mayor, Steve Scaffidi, informed her of the steps he would take for the security of the gurdwara.Four of the six dead were Indian nationals. The temple management has announced that it would hold \"wake and visitation\" tomorrow at a city high school, which is expected to be attended by thousands of people. Punjab chief minister Prakash Singh Badal is also expected to be present at the ceremony.The funeral is also scheduled for Friday. The Sikh temple also urged people to consider sending donations to the gurdwara in lieu of flowers. The management has created a memorial fund for those who were killed in the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15428140", "title": "Jayant Chaudhary tells chief minister about e-way loopholes", "text": "LUCKNOW: Even as UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav inaugurated the much awaited Yamuma Expressway connecting Noida with Agra, on Thursday, Rashtriya Lok Dal general secretary, Jayant Chaudhary questioned the very status of the project saying that various facilities associated with the project are still incomplete.Jayant, in a letter shot to Yadav on August 8, said that construction of service lanes and underpasses were also part of the agreement. However, only 15-20 kilometres of service lanes have been constructed along the expressway that extends for a distance of more than 165 kilometres. Even the underpasses have not been completed. Claiming that resentment is brewing amongst people living in the villages along the expressway, Jayant, demanded that the associated projects be completed as soon as possible.Chaudhary said that the ruling Samajwadi Party , during the Mant bye-elections, had been claiming of making requisite cut in the expressway. However, nothing of that sort has been done. He said that the expressway is guarded on both sides by a wall which is only three feet high. This is not enough to keep stray animals and people away from crossing the expressway. He also cited incidents where people lost their lives while crossing the expressway.The state government has also proposed setting up of projects on five plots each sprawling over an area of 500-acre along the expressway. Jayant, however, said that the decision should be reviewed in view of farmers' agitation in Tappal and Agra. Likewise, he claimed, some of the villages notified in the project are around 50 kilometres away from the expressway. In all; 1,182 villages were notified in the project. Four-wheelers will be required to shell out at the rate of Rs 2.10 per kilometre for using the expressway. Jayant said that the cost is pretty high and should be brought down to Rs 1.00 per kilometre. At the same time, he also demanded that farmers whose land were taken away for the construction of the proposed expressway, be allowed to use the expressway free of cost.Meanwhile, a delegation of RLD workers met governor, BL Joshi demanding payment of arrears to the sugar cane farmers by the mill owners. RLD spokesperson Anil Dubey, alleged that the government is not abiding SC orders, which asked the state government to ensure that the farmers are paid their due. The RLD workers demanded issuance of recovery notices to the mill owners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15428954", "title": "Digvijay Khanvilkar passes away", "text": "PUNE: Former state health minister Digvijay Khanvilkar (60) passed away following a heart attack here on Thursday.\"Khanvilkar suffered a massive heart attack. He had died by the time he was brought to the hospital around 7.15 pm,\" said physician Rahul Doshi of Metro hospital, Balewadi Phata.Khanvilkar began his political career with the Congress and later joined the NCP. He was a five-time MLA between 1980 and 2004. In 1999, when he was with the NCP, he was made the state health minister. In 2004, he lost in the state assembly election and has not been in active politics for the last few years.He was going to Kolhapur from Mumbai, when he complained of chest pain and restlessness. He stopped at the guest house in Balewadi stadium, where he suffered the heart attack,\" a relative said.Khanvilkar is survived by wife, a son and a daughter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15428505", "title": "8-yr-old run over by own school bus", "text": "MUMBAI: An eight-year-old student of Ryan International School in Kharghar lost his life on Thursday after being run over by his school bus. The incident took place in sector 27 of Kharghar, when the student was being dropped home after school.According to the police, Dhruvin Dhaggal, a student of Class II, got off the bus in front of his complex with three other students and before anyone could notice, ran to cross the road in front of the bus. The driver started the bus at the same time, crushing Dhruvin.under the front wheel of the bus. \"It was the child's habit to alight from the bus everyday, run to the opposite side of the road and wave good-bye to the driver. This time, the driver didn't notice the child in front of the bus and started the vehicle, running over him,\" said a senior inspector from Kharghar police station.The school bus driver, Paku Das, and cleaner Babu Das have been arrested and charged with rash and negligent driving (IPC 279) and causing death by negligence (IPC 304A). Police officials, however, refused to comment if the bus was run by the school or was privately owned. \"Investigations are still on and we will wait for the RTO to check this detail,\" added an official. He also said that the RTO would inspect the bus to see whether all safety measures were installed in the bus.According to the new School Bus Safety Policy, school buses need to have the permission of the school authorities as well as the RTO before ferrying school children. \"This bus is run privately and not by the school. This is exactly what the School Bus Owners' Association (SBOA) has been fighting against since ages because until the safety policy is implemented, these private buses will keep working,\" said Anil Garg, president of SBOA. \"Delay in the implementation of the safety policy is costing many innocent lives,\" added Garg.Despite repeated attempts, principal of Ryan International School Alice Vaz was unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15428245", "title": "BMTF likely to be defanged", "text": "BANGALORE: The agitating BBMP employees are likely to have their way. Bowing to their pressure tactics, the state government may take away policing powers from the Bangalore Metropolitan Task Force (BMTF) and merge the watchdog with the BBMP, highly-placed sources said.Sources admitted that the move to clip the BMTF's investigative powers is to safeguard politicians and their henchmen in the BBMP officialdom, involved in cases of irregularities taken up by the watchdog.BBMP workers are demanding the transfer of BMTF chief IGP RP Sharma or curtailing the investigative powers of the force.Mayor D Venkatesh Murthy told the media on Thursday that he had written to chief minister Jagadish Shettar, requesting him to withdraw BMTF's prosecution powers. \"BMTF must be there just as a police station. It should be authorized to take complaints only after obtaining the commissioner's consent, and even then, the complaint should be registered with the local police station and not the BMTF,\" the mayor said.The state home department, in a notification on May 27, 1996, constituted the BMTF as a police station. Another urban development department notification of August 28, 1997, categorically stated that the BMTF is a police station to protect, detect and prosecute offenders under 12 different acts, including the KMC Act, BDA Act, BWSSB Act, Inam Abolition Act and IPC.BMTF sources said they are at a loss to understand the backlash from BBMP employees, as the force was only carrying out its mandate.In a letter dated September 30, 2009, then BBMP commissioner Bharat Lal Meena had said that criminal charges would be filed against joint directors and other engineers if they failed to give a report on byelaw violations happening in their jurisdiction areas.\"Despite such a circular, there have been violations in building construction everywhere and thus, complaints by the public. In his letter, Meena clearly stated that criminal charges would be taken up against engineers who fail to perform their duties and that's exactly what we are doing,\" said BMTF sources.I AM ONLY DOING MY JOBI am only doing what I have been authorized to do. We took up investigation in 127 cases after courts asked us to do so. An assistant engineer told us during investigation that he allowed violations because of political pressure. But he never revealed any name. In BBMP, there is no rule of law, only the rule of man. BMTF has not received complaints against any MLA or corporator.RP Sharma | igp, bmtfCleared by: s prasad", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "mianwali (indo-pak border)", "code": "15428486", "title": "Security concerns keep devotees, their saint apart at Mianwali", "text": "MIANWALI (INDO-PAK BORDER): Decades of mistrust and hostility between India and Pakistan has not apparently deterred the spirit of faithfuls.Despite strict security arrangements and having been barred from visiting the tomb of Sufi saint Sheikh Braham long ago, his followers from Pakistan continue to pour in large numbers at Indo-Pak border at Mianwali to offer chaddar to their beloved saint.The tomb is situated a few yards inside the Indian territory. Standing far away from the dargah, the devotees dance to the beats of dhol and sing songs in saint's praise. Again, it is sight to watch border security jawans of both countries facilitating Pakistani devotees in transporting their parsad to and fro across the border.History has it that the first Sikh master Guru Nanak Dev had visited Sheikh Braham, eleventh successor to Muslim holy saint Sheikh Fareed, on his way to Mecca.Before the Indo-Pak partition, his followers used to gather at his tomb to make a wish and offer degh on fulfillment of their wishes. For a long time after partition, followers of the saint were allowed to pay obeisance at his tomb. However, due to security reasons, they have now been restrained from entering India, sources said.Pakistani Rangers receives chaddar, oil and degh of parshad from the devotees and hand over these to BSF jawans, who pass it on to the sewadar of dargah. The parsad is duly returned later.What might hurt the religious sentiments of Pak devotees of the saint is the strict checking of degh, oil and chaddar. \"Due to security reasons, this is a must, as there can be some miscreants in the guise of a devotee,\" said a BSF jawan, seeking anonymity.Secretary, Sheikh Braham Memorial Trust, Shamsher Sandhu said that Pakistani nationals were allowed to offer prayer in dargah till early 80s but as relations between the two nations soured, they were barred from entering India.\"However, even this system is good. At least no one is compromising on security,\" he said. \"If relations between the two nations had been cordial, Mianwali would have emerged as a major town on border,\" he added.Inderpal Sharma, a devotee, who has been coming here for the last 15 years, said, \"We feel bad seeing Pakistani followers of the saint standing helpless and offering prayers from a distance. But of course, security is of utmost concern.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15429624", "title": "Traffic cops, MSRTC spar over snarls", "text": "NASHIK: Traffic management in Nashik is seeing more bumps than ever with the traffic cops and the Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) officials passing the buck of responsibility to each other.The traffic officials, after being hauled for traffic snarls at Raviwar Karanja, the road opposite the district collectorate and at Shalimar, called upon the divisional controller of MSRTC, Kailas Deshmukh, on Wednesday. They brought to his notice how the ST buses were wreaking havoc and that not only did they cause traffic jams, but also accidents daily.Around 6pm, senior police officials of the traffic department, ACP Sanjeev Thakur and MSRTC's Kailas Deshmukh conducted a joint survey to take stock of the situation.A traffic cop, on condition of anonymity, said, \"Petty accidents have become the order of the day at Central Bus Station, Raviwar Karanja and Shalimar. There have been numerous incidents of passengers falling down from MSRTC buses due to overcrowding. If someone is seriously injured the incident is reported, but most times, passengers consider it their own fault for travelling on the footboards of overcrowded buses.\"However, he said, the fault is actually that of MSRTC for not providing enough buses during peak hours, following which passengers chase running buses and hang on the doors.The divisional controller of the ST was also shown how buses that halt in the middle of the road and block the traffic behind. Many bus drivers keep the digital boards closed on purpose to keep keep passengers guessing and hence, creating confusion. Deshmukh was also shown how drivers keep doors shut while crossing bus stands.The traffic cops appealed to the ST to increase the frequency of the buses between 5pm and 8pm from the city towards Nashik Road, Cidco and Satpur.It may also be noted that on Shravan Pheri, there were nearly 1,000 pilgrims waiting for a bus at Shalimar and for nearly two hours, not a single bus crossed this bus stop, according to the traffic cops. The police had to then ask autorickshaw drivers to take extra people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15431111", "title": "Ayushmann Khurrana to assist Shoojit Sircar", "text": "While earlier reports said John Abraham was keen on casting Ayushmann Khurrana in his next home production titled Jaffna, it is now learnt that Ayushmann will assist director Shoojit Sircar on the film that features John in a stellar role.Interestingly, Ayushmann's film debut, Vicky Donor, that catapulted him to fame almost overnight, was also produced and directed by the same duo of John and Sircar, respectively. Needless to say, this is Ayushmann's return gesture toward his mentors.However, while the actor was originally supposed to assist Sircar on the entire film, due to time constraints, he will now do so only for a part of the film. Ayushmann will be there along with John and Sircar in the once-troubled city of Jaffna in Sri Lanka to help them shoot that particular schedule. Sircar confirmed the news and said, \"Ayushmann wanted to assist me for Jaffna. But he got busy with various acting assignments after Vicky Donor, including Rohit Shetty's Nautanki Saala and debutant Vicky Bahri's London-based rom-com produced by Kunal Kohli. So now, he'll be accompanying me only when we shoot in the city of Jaffna. That would be the trickiest part of the schedule, and Ayushmann wants to be there when we're doing the toughest part of the shooting.\"John plays an intelligence officer in the film that depicts the LTTE's separatist conflict, and will land in Jaffna under the utmost secrecy. Ayushmann, who got along like a house on fire with John during Vicky Donor , will assist Sircar in Jaffna and ensure nothing goes wrong.Said Sircar, \"Post the civil war, the topography of Jaffna has changed so much. I can't get the visuals of the city as it existed during the strife. So we'd be just in and out of Jaffna before anyone knows it. And yes, Ayushmann would be with us.\"TOI has it that Ayushmann will return to star in Sircar's next after Jaffna , Humara Bajaj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15428973", "title": "Red Ribbon Express reaches Kamakhya station", "text": "GUWAHATI: The special train 'Red Ribbon Express' reached Kamakhya Railway Station on Thursday to sensitize people on the causes of HIV and AIDS, how it can be prevented and clear misconceptions regarding AIDS. The train will be here till Friday.The train was flagged off from Delhi on January 12 this year. It has travelled to different part of the country raising awareness amongst the masses on different aspects of AIDS and HIV. This initiative is supported by Assam State AIDS Control Society (ASACS), National AIDS Control Organization (NACO), National Rural Health Mission (NRHM), department of social welfare, panchayat and rural development and Indian Railways.The train has special audio visual mediums showing the various causes of AIDS and HIV and a special condom-vending machine as it is the simplest way to prevent the disease. Marami Hazer Barman, ASACS mission director said, \"The train will help create awareness on the disease and also help in removing the queries regarding the disease.\"At present, there are about 14,434 people living with HIV (PLHIV) in the state. Besides that, there are 6,900 HIV positive cases and about 5,000 people registered with Antiretroviral Treatment (ART) centres. Assam has about 2.4 per cent new cases regularly.NACO team leader Rose Narah said, \"The train will help remove misconceptions regarding AIDS and HIV and the train will next go to Mariani, Dibrugarh, New Tinsukia and Rangiya on August 19 and 20.\"The train will not go to the Barak Valley area so people from those areas can visit the places where the train will be stationed to get the required information. The train will also have a special cultural troupe and a special blood donation camp will also be organized in different areas where the train will visit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15429803", "title": "Illegal houses demolished", "text": "HUBLI: Hubli taluk administration demolished nearly 40 houses which were illegally constructed at Anchatgeri village of Hubli taluk on Thursday morning. Taluk administration officers and police, along with earth-moving equipment, came to the village at 7am and demolished the illegal constructions that housed poor and daily wage workers.Those displaced by the drive claimed that they were not informed about the driver. \"They didn't give us time to remove household articles,\" they claimed. They were given notices to vacate place six months ago.When the drive began, most of the dwellers were either rushing to work, while others were fast asleep.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15427459", "title": "No CCTV footage of murderer", "text": "KOLKATA: Around 5.30am, Avik, returned from work and was surprised to see the door open. As he stepped inside, he saw pools of blood and Pallavi lying in her undergarments. There were blood stains in the lobby and on the calling bell of at least one neighbour.There were multiple injuries on Pallavi's face, hands and eyes, police said, indicating that she put up a brave fight.Some bureaucrats in Bengal, who worked together with Pallavi's father, were shocked to hear the news. Hidco chairman and urban development department secretary Debasis Sen, a 1985 batch IAS officer, knew Pallavi as a child. \"We knew her as Pakhi - her nickname. She was a very cheerful child and often visited our house. I am deeply saddened,\" said Sen, who was the South 24-Parganas additional district magistrate when Pallavi's father was his neighbour in Alipore.There were a number of CCTV cameras in the complex but none of them were working. Neighbours said they did not hear any commotion. The neighbour whose calling bell has Pallavi's bloodied fingerprint says he answered the bell but could not see anyone through the magic eye.Three teams have been formed to investigate the case. Over a dozen people, including maids, newspaper and milk delivery boys and the house owner have been questioned and given the clean chit, say sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15429489", "title": "Nazir nets winner for Das FA in MDDA League", "text": "MUMBAI: Nazir Khan's lone strike enabled Das Football Academy snatch a 1-0 win against Mukhund FC in a Third Division match of the Mumbai District Football Association League, played at the St. Xavier's ground, Parel on Thursday.Earlier in the day, Maharashtra Mitra Mandal tamed Kalpataru SC 3-1. Vaibhav Pandrekar , Gipesh Bhalerao and Aniket Pillay netted a goal each for the winners , while Rohit Shetty pulled one back for the losers .AIFF Instructor's Refresher Course at CooperageThe All India Football Federation will be holding an Instructors Refresher Course on August 12 at the Cooperage Football Ground, followed by an updated version of the AIFF 'D' License Programme starting from August 13.The AIFF 'D' License course will be conducted by Technical Director Rob Baan and Technical Director (Academies) Scott O'Donell. The new course will focus on training and coaching in match-related situations.Podar down St Joseph's in MSSA tourneyManan Dhyani and Meet Nandu were on target as RN Podar (Santacruz) beat St Joseph (Vikhroli) 2-0 in an under-16 Division 4 encounter of the Mumbai Schools Sports Association (MSSA) football tournament on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15428868", "title": "Ayurveda doctors protest decision on pharma courses", "text": "PUNE: Ayurveda practitioners are up in arms over the state government's decision to introduce a one-year course in pharmacology to enable non-MBBS doctors to legally prescribe allopathic medicines in the state.\"The decision is contrary to the provision related to registered medical practitioners in the Food and Drugs Rules of 1940, which allows the practitioners of Indian system of medicine (ISM) to prescribe allopathic medicine in areas where there are no allopathic or homeopath doctors,\" Suhas Joshi, president of the BAMS Graduates Association India, a body of 70,000 ayurveda practitioners, told TOI on Thursday.He added, \"The provision is subject to the state concerned having issued a notification allowing ISM doctors to prescribe allopathic medicine. Maharashtra government has issued such a notification in 1999. The Central Council of Indian Medicine (CCIM), the apex regulatory body for ayurveda, unani, siddha and homeopathy medicine practitioners, too has approved the practice of ISM doctors prescribing allopathic medicine. Despite this, ayurveda doctors continue to face problems.\"Joshi said, \"The qualification acquired by ayurveda doctors is based on the syllabus approved by regulatory bodies like the CCIM. The proposed pharmacology course will make this qualification meaningless.\"The issue holds significance in the wake of the police harassment faced by doctors, who provide alternative treatment, particularly in rural Maharashtra.In the absence of allopathic doctors, people have to go to doctors from other streams but the latter are not allowed to prescribe allopathic medicines.Vijay Wadettiwar, Congress legislator from Chimur, had raised the issue during the monsoon session of the state legislature last month and asked why the state was hesitant despite having powers to allow non-MBBS doctors to prescribe allopathic medicines.Minister for medical education Vijay Kumar Gavit then informed the assembly about the move to introduce a one-year pharmacology course for non-MBBS doctors by way of an ordinance, which is to be issued sometime this month. Gavit had then acknowledged the paucity of allopathic doctors in rural areas and said the government was awaiting the report of a committee, which is considering the issue of allowing non-MBBS doctors to prescribed allopathic medicine.Joshi said that the fresh row over ayurveda practitioners prescribing allopathic medicine has occurred after the homeopathic doctors approached the state, seeking permission to prescribe allopathic medicine. \"Ayurveda practitioners are needlessly drawn into the issue despite clear-cut directives from the CCIM as well as the notifications issued by the state government,\" he said.He said, \"Our association is organizing a symposium on this issue at the S M Joshi hall in Pune on August 19 to create more awareness about the different legal aspects involving allopathic prescription by ayurveda doctors. Senior officials from the food and drugs department, the police and the regulatory bodies will attend this event.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15428098", "title": "1,000% profit spurs illegal sale of abortion pills", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Chemists who were caught selling fetus-kill pills, Mifepristone and Misoprostol, without a prescription, did so because they cashed a neat 900 to 1,000 per cent profit over each strip.A senior food and drug department officer told TOI that the manufacturers printed MRPs anywhere between Rs 500 to Rs 550 and more on each of the strips, while they sold them to the wholesaler at Rs 35 to Rs 40 per strip. The wholesaler in turn sold it to the retailer at a price of Rs 50. \"The retailer here had a huge margin and it was greed that led them to sell these pregnancy termination drugs illegally,\" says food and drug commissioner H G Koshia. \"If the sale is not controlled, the unborn girl child will be in more danger. A clear 1,000 per cent profit is the only reason for the illegal sales.\"The root cause of this problem, according to Koshia, is that both these drugs, Mifepristone and Misoprostol, are not governed by the National Drug Price Control Order (NDPCO) and the National Pharmacy Pricing Authority (NPPA). \"If these two drugs come under the NDPCO and NPPA, manufacturers cannot have a free run with the pricing and the margins they offer to the retailers,\" says Koshia.Gujarat's food and drug authority continued its raids on 60 chemists in Surat on Thursday and caught 20 chemists selling these pills without prescription.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "\"mehnat atoot, gayaki mein bahaar; pyar ho gaya tumse, aye miss patna bihar.\" thus gushed music mogul anu malik as patna's very own ritika raj finished her song in the classical round last week to make it to the coveted top 5 in indian idol. all of 16 years, the youngest contestant in the show blushed, smiled and thanked the judges, who included veterans like pt jasraj, asha bhosle and sunidhi chauhan, as they showered praises on her. her parents, ram gopal singh and anu singh, and elder brother rohit raj are proud of the class ix student of city's don bosco academy. so is bihar. vithika salomi reached the li'l achiever for an interview on wednesday. excerpts", "code": "15428407", "title": "Viewers\u2019 votes also matter for the win: Ritika Raj", "text": "\"Mehnat atoot, gayaki mein bahaar; pyar ho Gaya tumse, aye miss Patna Bihar.\" Thus gushed music mogul Anu Malik as Patna's very own Ritika Raj finished her song in the Classical Round last week to make it to the coveted Top 5 in Indian Idol. All of 16 years, the youngest contestant in the show blushed, smiled and thanked the judges, who included veterans like Pt Jasraj, Asha Bhosle and Sunidhi Chauhan, as they showered praises on her. Her parents, Ram Gopal Singh and Anu Singh, and elder brother Rohit Raj are proud of the Class IX student of city's Don Bosco Academy. So is Bihar. Vithika Salomi reached the li'l achiever for an interview on Wednesday. Excerpts:Since when are you singing?Since I was two or three years old. That's what my parents say. But for long I sang purely for fun, and my parents did not take my singing seriously.When did the training begin?When I was a child, my mother took me to Patna's Bharatiya Nritya Kala Mandir for lessons in dancing. The music classes going on there captivated me and I insisted that I'd learn singing. But my training in classical music started two years ago under my school's music teacher Pt Saroj Das.What kind of songs do you like?I like to sing folk and Sufi songs but I'm comfortable with all genres. Instructors at the reality show do not have to think much before assigning me songs of any genre and I accept every song as a challenge.Did you always aspire to become a singer?Yes, I always aspired that.What is the level of competition in the show and how good are your competitors?The competition is tough; tougher than other reality shows as the contestants are trained in classical music. Everyone is good, but I am in competition with myself only. I've worked hard to live up to everyone's expectations.Any area in your singing that needs to be worked upon?I work hard to improve my singing. That's a continuous process. But I would like to improve 'falsetto singing'.What after Indian Idol?I will continue studies. Training will also continue. Singing will never stop.How has been your journey with the Indian Idol so far?These are the best moments of my life during which I've explored myself afresh and improved my singing. Meeting the likes of Lata Mangeshkar, Salman Khan, Katrina Kaif.... was like a dream come true. These celebrities are so down to earth... I've learnt humility from them. Also, travelling to different cities has been fun.You are the youngest contestant in the show. Does everybody treat you like a kid?No. When it comes to singing, it is not about being young or old.What are your chances to emerge the winner, after all?I am confident insofar as my singing is concerned. But much depends on the votes of the viewers as well.Any message for the people of your state?I've got support which many politicians might not have got. I wish the support continues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15428059", "title": "Abandoned suitcase gives tense moments in Hazratganj", "text": "LUCKNOW: Even as the news of bomb scare at court compound was being flashed by the media following recovery of four jute-wrapped objects made to look like bombs on Thursday morning, a suitcase kept on a two-wheeler near Capitol Cinema triggered panic in Hazratganj.Though the police cordoned off the area as onlookers began to swell, the bomb disposal squad arrived only after an hour. The police said the two-wheeler (UP 32-R-3210) belonged to lawyer DK Bajpayi who told the police that he had gone to the GPO after parking his two-wheeler near Capitol Cinema.But when he came back, he found a suitcase kept on the vehicle and informed the police picket on duty there.Soon the news was flashed to senior officials.When the bomb disposal squad opened the suitcase it only found some documents in it.Further probe revealed that the suitcase belonged to RK Jaiswal, a native of Mau district. His driver had the suitcase with him while Jaiswal went to Secretariat for some work from gate number 9. However, the driver left the suitcase on Bajpayi's two-wheeler, circle officer Dinesh Yadav said.On August 7 too, two unattended suitcases were found within a gap of 30 minutes in Hazratganj leading to panic in the area. However, nothing suspicious was found in the suitcases by the bomb disposal squad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15428144", "title": "People's shakti occupies Lavad site", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Hundreds of Lavad villagers thronged the Raksha Shakti University site on Thursday. They torched the makeshift office and damages equipment and structures on the allotted land, on the outskirts of the village. The agitators, who got support from the Congress and BJP rebel leader Kanubhai Kalsaria, began to gathering at about 11 am on Thursday. Former MLA C J Chavda and other Congress leaders were also present.As the meeting went on, a group of youths and other villagers reached the venue. Since no police officers were present, the residents went on the rampage. They even damaged furniture, the boundary gate, board and other items at the site.Later, cattle from the village were taken to graze on the university land. Villagers claimed that police had threatened action if they forcibly entered the university land. Residents of Lavad village, which is in Dehgam taluka, had threatened to take possession of the land earlier this week.Vinubhai Amin, who is heading the campaign against the Raksha Shakti University said, \"Under the leadership of the Father of the Nation - Mahatma Gandhi , the Quit India Movement was launched. Similarly Lavad villagers also launched a movement against the university, on the same day.\" Lavad villagers have been trying to demand, what they call gauchar land, back, since their July stir. Team Anna member, Arvind Kejriwal also organized a meet at the village.Amin said that the state government had given 535 acres to the village panchayat in 1956 on the condition that it is used for pasture. In 1976, the land was taken away from the village, following a complaint by then MLA Gabhaji Thakore. Thakore alleged that villagers did not follow the condition and hence the land should be taken back by the government.Later, the government allotted some land to ex-army men and in 2009, Raksha Shakti University put up a board, claiming the land. The villagers want to know where their cattle, over 4,500 heads, will graze. The memorandum also stated that the village has more than 150 families below the poverty line (BPL) who depend on the disputed area for wood fuel to cook food. The village doesn't even have land for BPL families under the Indira Awas Yojana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15426489", "title": "'Meeting Lata Mangeshkar was an unforgettable experience'", "text": "Cuttack girl Sohini Mishra is back in her home town after winning many hearts at a popular singing reality show. Though she won accolades from legends like Asha Bhonsle, Sohini could not make it to the top 5. In a free-wheeling chat with Binita Jaiswal, Sohini says things could have been different had Odisha voted for her more enthusiasticallyQ: How was your experience at the reality show?A: The experience has enriched me, no doubt. It provided me a platform to show my talent to the entire nation. I got a chance to perform in front of the legendary Asha Bhonsle and other judges, including Sunidhi chauhan , Salim Merchant and Anu Mallick. They gave me valuable tips on how to improve my singing. I was a very shy and introvert person, but the reality show has transformed me completely. Now, I am confident and mentally strong. I have learnt the art of facing cameras and performing live. The show has been a life changing experience for me. I got to learn so many things. But the moment of my life was when I got to meet Lata Mangeshkarji. Producers of the show had arranged a meeting with Lataji and it was a dream-come-true for me. I will cherish the memory for my entire life. My happiness knew no bound when I met her. What more could I ask for? That was the best moment of my life.Q: You were unable to make it to the top 5 and eliminated from the show recently. What, do you think, went wrong?A: Reality shows are not only about talent. A lot depends on the votes of the viewers as well. I had really worked hard and gave my best in the show, but could not make it to the top 5 as the audience voting did not go in my favour. Perhaps, I did not get much vote in comparison to other contestants. Things would have been different if I had received more votes from Odisha. However, I would like to thank all those who voted for me and helped me make it to the top 6 round. In other states, the reality show contestants are promoted by the state government and public appeals are made to vote for them, but nothing of that sort happens in Odisha. I would say that people in Odisha should vote more enthusiastically for the Odia contestants participating in reality shows.Q: Now that you are a popular figure, has your life changed after the show?A: Definitely, life has changed a lot. People have started recognizing me. Earlier, I had rendered voice in a few Odia films, but I did not get the amount of respect and appreciation I deserved. But now people are appreciating my talent. I am busy giving interviews to various channels and newspapers. It's a lovely experience.Q: When did you start singing?A: I started singing at the age of five and started learning Hindustani classical vocal when I was eight. At present, I am under the tutelage of classical vocalist Guru Debendra Narayan Satapathy.Q: Your parents are also singers. Are they satisfied with your work?A: My parents are on cloud nine. They are very happy with my success as I have managed to grab the nation's attention with my singing. Both my father and mother work for All India Radio and they are extremely proud of me.Q: What are your plans for future?A: I am pursuing MSc in Biotechnology from Ravenshaw University, so my first priority is to complete the course. My final exams will be over in November, after which I will move to Mumbai to follow my dream of becoming a playback singer in Bollywood.Q: Do you think that participating in reality shows help aspiring singers?A: Everybody struggles to make his/her mark in Bollywood and I will also have to fight. But the reality show has given me a platform which I hope I will be able to utilize.Q: Have you identified areas of improvement in your singing?A: Improving my singing is a continuous process. I always work hard at it. Trainers at the reality show have advised me to undergo some training sessions to improve my Hindi and Urdu diction. I will join those courses and improve my skills.Q: Tell us about your experience of meeting Lata Mangeshkar .A: I sang the songs \"Man mohana bade jhoote\" and \"More Naina\". To my utter surprise, Lataji appreciated my singing. Despite being such a great singer, she is so humble and down to earth. Every singer aspires to meet Lataji someday and I am among the lucky ones who have managed to fulfil the dream. It's a huge achievement for me.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15427556", "title": "Dengue makes deadly comeback", "text": "KOLKATA: Dengue is swarming the city this season. Doctors agree that it may be the worst outbreak since 2005.The actual intensity is still being assessed, but the indications are grim. Hospitals on the fringes have admitted scores of dengue patients in the last four weeks but the actual number of victims is many times more because only about 20% cases need hospitalization.Salt Lake has taken the worst hit, so far. If the number of patients being treated at hospitals in the township and along EM Bypass is any indication, it is high time for the civic body to press the panic button.\"Forty-six patients have tested positive for dengue in the laboratory attached to our hospital alone in the past four weeks,\" said a source at a Salt Lake hospital. Dr Soumitra Dutta, principal consultant (paediatrician) at Columbia Asia Hospitals, said at least 15 children affected with dengue were admitted to the hospital in last week alone.The sporadic rain pattern this monsoon, accompanied by high humidity, has triggered the comeback of dengue, say dengue.The advice from doctors is that if you have high fever with severe headache and body pain, don't ignore it as just another viral fever. It could well be dengue and you should go for a blood test.While dengue is resurfacing in the city and its fringes in a sporadic way, it is creating havoc Salt Lake.Take the case of Ranjeeta Chakrabory. The young home maker from BS block had high fever and body pain for a few days and it was a while before she went to a doctor. A blood test confirmed dengue and she was immediately hospitalized. After five days of treatment, she was discharged on Monday.\"Apart from her, I know of at least five persons in my Salt Lake neighbourhood who have tested positive for dengue in the past few weeks. The muncipality seems to be sleeping over this menace. We have barely come across any mosquito- controlling measures. I have not seen any fogging in the locality in the last two years,\" said Ranjeeta's husband Shantanu Chakraborty.Accumulation of stagnant water, high humidity, uncleared bushes, piling up of garbage and absence of mosquito management exercises have aggravated the situation, said sources.\"I come across at least one dengue patient every day, having treated about 10 patients per day in the past 10 days in the hospital. If anyone is suffering from fever as high as 103/104 degrees Fahrenheit, along with headache, body pain, dehydration and nausea, it's best to consult a doctor right away,\" said consultant physician (internal medicine) Dr Subhasis Ganguly.Fever triggered by the dengue virus does not respond to the normal dosage of paracetamol, say doctors. If left untreated, the viral attack could lead to secondary infections affecting organs like the liver, kidney and the heart.\"After the dengue outbreak in 2005, there have been sporadic cases every year. But this year it seems to be higher, particularly in Salt Lake and its vicinity, where I have treated about 15 patients in last three weeks. But the severity of the attack is less than the one in 2005,\" said paediatrician Dr Subrata Chakraborty.\"But there is no reason to panic. We have treated about 29 dengue patients in our hospital so far this year. The positive note is that diagnosis through the blood test can be done in two hours and hence the treatment can be started early,\" said Dr Rupali Basu, CEO, Apollo Gleneagles Hospitals.Dr Basabbijay Sarkar, consultant physician of Fortis Hospital, has seen about 14 patients in his Salt Lake clinic in the past month apart from treating an equal number of patients in the hospital. \"If we count Day 1 as the onset of dengue, all complications will appear in the next seven to eight days. There is a tendency for the blood platelet to go down in the patient. Timely treatment is very important,\" said Dr Sarkar.Even as health officials tried to project the situation as not alarming, doctors practising in and around the township and hospitals are flooded with dengue patients. Sampurnaa Saha (11), a Class-V student from GC block in Salt Lake, was admitted to Columbia Asia on Wednesday night. \"Since there weren't enough beds, my daughter was in the emergency ward all of Wednesday night. She got a bed only on Thursday,\" said the girl's father Sujay Saha.\"Out of 10 children affected with dengue, only about two need hospitalization, the rest are advised treatment at home. I practise mainly in Salt Lake and my chamber is flooded with dengue suspects, mostly children. I have admitted at least 15 children in the past one week. Therefore, one can well imagine the magnitude of the dengue menace,\" said Dr Dutta of Columbia Asia.Health department spokesperson Dr Asit Biswas said that the they are monitoring the situation closely. \"Cases of dengue are being reported from different localities, including Salt Lake. We will soon meet the hospitals and representatives of Bidhanagar municipality,\" said Biswas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15428948", "title": "CNG pump operators threaten two-day strike from August 16", "text": "PUNE: The nine CNG pumps in the city have sent a memorandum to three oil companies, the district collector and the commissioner of police threatening to go on a two-day strike beginning August 16, if their demands, which includes revision of CNG commission from 60 paise per kg to Rs 1.20 and increasing the number of CNG outlets in the city by giving a gas connection to every petrol pump, were not met.Ali Daruwalla, spokesperson of the Pune Petrol Dealers' Association, said, \"The three major problems that the nine CNG outlets in the city are facing concern lower CNG commission given to them by the oil companies, delayed reimbursements of the electricity charges incurred by the CNG outlets and the law and order situation at petrol pumps selling CNG.\"The memorandum was recently sent to the authorities concerned, said Daruwalla. \"We want these issues resolved, failing which we will call for a closure of all CNG pumps in Pune for two days. A meeting to address these issues has also been called by the Food Distribution Office ( FDO) officials on Friday at the Pune collectorate.,\"Baba Dhumal, vice-president of the All-India Petrol Dealers Association, said the commission that the petrol pump outlets in Pune get for CNG is only 60 paise per kg, whereas commission for CNG in Mumbai is close to Rs 1.20. \"We have asked the authorities to increase the commission,\" he said.Daruwalla said the CNG outlets also face law and order situation in their premises as lack of space leads to blockades. \"Rickshaw drivers and pump attendants often fight and this affects business. The only solution is to increase the number of CNG outlets in the city. This will de-congest the existing outlets. One of our demands is a CNG connection to every pump so it becomes easier for the public to get CNG. This will also encourage people to have their vehicles converted to CNG, bringing down pollution by 90%,\" said Daruwalla.He said delays in reimbursement of electricity charges by Maharashtra Natural Gas Ltd. (MNGL), Pune, is another issue. \"Motors working for compressing CNG are of 30 horsepower, thus charges incurred on it by CNG outlets are reimbursed by MNGL. This reimbursement is, however, delayed by four to five months, though we need the amount earlier than that,\" he said.A source in MNGL said, \"We do not have a direct agreement with petrol pump dealers. MNGL has an agreement (of which one part is on the commission given to dealers) with the oil marketing companies. MNGL pays commission to oil marketing companies, which in turn pass a certain amount of it to the petrol pump dealers. However, we are open to a revision in the commission, in line with that paid by gas distribution companies in other cities of the country. The oil marketing companies are also in discussion with MNGL for the same.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15429146", "title": "Autos to stay off roads for 48 hours", "text": "RANCHI: More than 7,000 autorickshaws will keep off the roads on Friday and Saturday to support the 48-hour strike called by the Jharkhand Pradesh Diesel Auto Chalak Maha Sangh (JPDACMS) to protest against the high court's order to ban all 15-year-old autos. Autorickshaws in both rural and urban parts of the state capital will participate in the strike. Since August 1, the district administration has seized more than a 100 autorickshaws in a drive launched to eradicate polluting vehicles off the streets.The high court had passed an order asking the Ranchi district administration to pull out old autorckshaws a couple of months ago. Police is checking permits and registration details of the three-wheelers and seizing those which do not comply with the required norms. A senior JPDACMS member said around 3,000 autos do not have a valid permit according to the new system while only 2,350 autos have complied with all the norms.JPDACMS general secretary Sunil Singh said that an appeal has been filed in the court concerned. The court is scheduled to meet on August 29 to take up the issue. \"The police have started seizing of old autos and our demand is that this campaign should stop till the court meets and comes to a final decision,\" demanded Singh. \"We demand that permits should be released to these autos,\" Singh added. On Thursday morning, JPDACMS organised an awareness campaigns and sought support of the public. JPDACMS other demands include establishment of permanent auto stands, fresh routes for autorickshaws and more stoppages along the routes already used, said a senior JPDACMS leader.Jharkhand Janseva Sangrah Morcha (JJSM) has extended its support to JPDACMS's cause and claimed that the government was arm-twisting the auto-drivers. JJSM will also take out a rally from Kutchery Chowk to Albert Ekka chowk in support of the strike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15429932", "title": "Drive against malaria, dengue starts today", "text": "MANGALORE: Monsoon is raining misery on the city. With garbage and stagnant water in under-construction sites becoming a breeding ground for mosquitoes, the Mangalore City Corporation is taking steps to curb the menace. The city corporation in association with Dakshina Kannada District Hotels and Restaurants' Association will commence campaign series on awareness on malaria and dengue at Hotel Woodlands on Friday.Mayor Gulzaar Banu will be the guest at the event. Mosquito nets will be distributed to restaurant workers and the mobile dengue check up lab will be inaugurated on the occasion. The first programme will be organised in association with Nisarga Foundation and Western Institute of Technology at Shree Gujarathi Mahajan Association School, Alake on the same day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15428193", "title": "Congestion fee apt for clogged Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: The time may be ripe to introduce congestion fee in Bangalore as an answer to its traffic chaos. An experiment done on the Infosys campus four years ago is now being replicated in Stanford, US.After his first experiment with staggering entry of vehicles in the Infosys campus in Bangalore, Stanford professor Balaji Prabhakar got a $3 million research grant from the federal department of transportation to replicate his idea in Stanford. Called Capri, for Congestion and Parking Relief Incentives, it allows commuters to shift their travelling to off-peak times.Prabhakar drew up a simple algorithm by which when an employee swipes his card at the entrance of the company gate, his name is registered in a database and his time of entry is noted. This project was called Infosys-Stanford Transportation (Instant) to incentivize employees who reach office before peak hour (8.30am) and levy congestion fee on those who come during peak-hour traffic.\"If the employee arrived before 8am, he would get two points, before 8.30am, entrants would get one point and so on. By the end of every week, we used to incentivize the ones who would get the highest points and offer cash prizes. Even lazy young boys who wouldn't get up early were excited about winning prizes,\" recalls NS Rama, CEO, Electronic City Industries Association (Elcia).Rama was head of the development centre in Infosys then and worked with Prabhakar in 2008 when he visited the Bangalore Infosys campus and saw the traffic snarls employees had to battle. It was run in two quarters - October-December 2008 and January-March 2009. Cash prizes for Instant were funded by Infosys and Stanford every alternate month. But the sudden failure was due to a fund crunch and plans to take up the project on a large scale did not work. Rama added that when the move to encourage public transport was introduced, the project took a backseat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15428396", "title": "Water shame! All not well in Mala", "text": "PANAJI: Acting on a complaint regarding the suspected contamination of a well in Mala, Panaji, officials from the city's urban health centre have collected water samples from the well.The complainant, Madhusudan Mahale, had stated that his family has been residing in their ancestral house located in Mala for over 100 years.There is a well in the front porch of the house. Mahale states that his family as well as people from the neighbourhood have been utilising the water from well for domestic purposes.He further stated that a few years ago, a bungalow was constructed in front of his house. Mahale claims that the sewerage line from the bungalow has been laid in a faulty manner and this happened despite his objections being brought to the notice of the PWD, which was executing the work.Mahale said that a few days ago, the water from the well had developed a foul smell and upon examination, it appeared that sewage had seeped into the well.Health officials said they had sent the water sample that was collected for testing, and the report from the laboratory is expected somtime early next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15428126", "title": "Rajkumar Pandian blamed for brawl with D G Vanzara", "text": "AHMEDABAD: While suspended SP Rajkumar Pandian has accused his senior and co-accused D G Vanzara of misbehaving with him and demanded action in this regard, Sabarmati Central Jail authorities have a version of the brawl that is quite contrary.In his complaint before the special CBI court last month, Pandian claimed Vanzara misbehaved with him and there was a brawl between them on July 21 inside the jail. He claimed that the authorities did not take action against Vanzara despite his complaint.The CBI court sought a reply to Pandian's application from the jail authorities, who countered Pandian and told the court on Thursday that it was Pandian who misbehaved with Vanzara in front of many jail officials. The jail official also claimed that Pandian initiated the quarrel and started shouting at Vanzara and thereby violated the jail manual.They further said that since Pandian violated norms, as part of punishment and as a measure to maintain order in the jail, he was shifted to Das Kholi from Sardar Yard, where he was lodged since his arrest. Pandian has been shifted to the barrack which also holds three Rajasthan cops, co-accused in the Sohrabuddin Sheikh fake encounter case.Jail authorities supplied copies of statements they recorded during investigation. One eye witness stated that Pandian was sitting in the superintendent's office, when Vanzara's son Pruthvi and son-in-law entered the prison premises. A senior jailor objected to unauthorized entry and asked them to leave the place.Vanzara objected to the jail official for show his relatives out. The din brought Pandian out of the office and he confronted Vanzara and leveled various accusations at him. This led to a quarrel between the two.Jail authorities stated that the brawl has been recorded on CCTV installed in that part of the prison. The chief judicial magistrate hearing the case directed the jailors not to dispose of the footage and keep the log intact. Further hearing has been scheduled for August 20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15429669", "title": "Villagers block road after mishap", "text": "JAIPUR: The Jaipur-Agra National Highway was blocked for over four hours by villagers in Bassi on Thursday after a 40-year-old man was run over by a truck. They put the victim's body on the road demanding compensation for the family members and construction of speed-breakers. Hundreds of vehicles got stuck in the jam on both the sides of the accident spot.According to the police, the mishap occurred near Malihala villagein Bassi police station area on city outskirts around 5.30 am. \"One Manna Lal, a resident of Malihala village, was walking to a tea stall near the national highway. It seems a speeding truck lost balance and ran over Manna Lal,\" a police officer said.After Manna Lal died on the spot, people from half-a-dozen villagers gathered on the highway, alleging that accidents are claiming several lives in the area due to negligence of the police and administration.\"The truck driver had fled from the spot. The villagers were demanding his arrest, besides a compensation of Rs 5 lakh for the deceased's family members.They also demanded construction of speed-breakers and on-the-spot postmortem,\" said the officer.\"They were told that the state government would consider their demand of compensation. An FIR was immediately registered against the truck driver,\" said the officer. The blockade could be cleared only by 10 am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15427613", "title": "Daughters' testimony gets life sentence for killer father", "text": "NAGPUR: Additional district and sessions judge VN Tambi sentenced a man, in his 50s, to undergo life imprisonment holding him guilty of murdering his wife. Eyewitness account of man's teenage daughters went a long way in fetching their mother justice. Suresh Ashtankar, who set his wife Megha on fire following a quarrel over money for liquor last year at their Kamptee home, was also slapped with a fine of Rs 500.The awarded an additional imprisonment of one month for the convict in default of the fine. Additional public prosecutor Varsha Saikhedkar informed that nine witnesses were examined. \"The daughters had witnessed the incident and they deposed before the court about what had happened to their mother. This eyewitness account corroborated with what Megha had said in her dying declaration. This paved the way for justice,\" she said. Prosecution's counsel Saikhedkar also said that a neighbour, who had rushed an injured Megha to hospital, too had deposed before the court apart from the doctors and cops connected with the case.Kamptee police had arrested Ashtankar after the incident at their home on June 21 last year. Megha, a Zilla Parishad teacher, was admitted at a private hospital with serious burn injuries. Police were able to record Megha's dying declaration at the hospital and the woman indicted husband for her condition.Ashtankar, a habitual drinker, would often harass Megha for money. On the day of incident, Ashtankar tried to vent his ire on children in an inebriated condition. Ashtankar was asking for money from wife as usual to purchase more liquor. His two daughters were working in the kitchen where Ashtankar tried to create a ruckus. He directed his anger towards wife when she tried to intervene.During the heated exchange, Ashtankar poured kerosene on wife in the room and flung a burning a matchstick on her. Megha died in hospital on July 4. The police, who had registered a case of 307 IPC for attempted murder, then charged Ashtankar with murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15432501", "title": "Radhika happy to be back in Bengali films", "text": "Marathi actress Radhika Apte, who is playing the role of a journalist for the second time in her next Bengali film 'Pendulam', says she has nothing to crib about it.The actress also played a TV journalist in her first film 'Antaheen' , directed by Aniruddha, which fetched her a National award.Asked if she feared being typecast, she said, \"It is a mere coincidence that I am back into Bengali films with 'Pendulam' where I again play the character of a journalist.\"Radhika said that she has developed a love affair with Bengali films and especially Bengali directors, whom she finds unmatched in sensitivity and intensity.Her second film 'Pendulam' is being directed by Soukarjo Ghoshal, who will make his directorial debut with the movie.\"The film deals with interplay of different emotions and mood swings - a very new concept which I always come across when I get to act in Bengali movies,\" Radhika said.Soukarjo on his part said, \"I principally cast Radhika taking into consideration her very Bengali look and easy-going girl-next-door image. The film's subtext chronicles the city of Kolkata as it shifts through time to emerge as a complex psychological allegory of a decadent metropolis.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15429723", "title": "Jaipur Development Authority\u2019s link road plans go awry", "text": "JAIPUR: With land acquisition increasingly becoming a major problem, the Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) is struggling to construct the missing stretches in the city.The recent case of Hawa-Sadak missing link has brought the problems of the authorities to the fore and even the government departments are not cooperating with the JDA.According to a senior official at the JDA, the authority has acquired land of the Chambal power station to reduce the traffic load and the distance between Hawa Sadak to Gujjar Ki Thadi. \"In this regard, the JDA has also provided Rs 57 lakh and five hectare land to the Jaipur Vidyut Vitran Nigam Limited. However, the department has not given possession of the land,\" the official said. \"A letter has been sent to the discom's CMD by Jaipur Development Commissioner Kuldeep Ranka in this regard,\" he said.The official further said adjoining the Chambal house power station is an 80 feet land and if the missing link is constructed there, commuters can directly go to Gujjar Ki Thadi via Ram Nagar.Recently, the JDA decided to work on 14 stretches in its first phase to inter-link all roads in various zones. Officials were also directed to prepare a proposal for this. However, till date, no ground work has been done and the project appears to have gone into cold storage.\"The process of connecting the links has started and land acquisition has also been done. But JDA is facing many hurdles in acquiring land. So, it would take some time for the construction to finally begin,\" a senior official affirmed.Explaining some of these problems, a JDA source said, \"Due to the many large houses and bungalows constructed on these links, the task of acquiring them has become a major roadblock. Some of the houses are even stuck in litigation.\"\"The JDA also faces the problem of rehabilitating the displaced residents and compensating them duly. A decision in this regard will be taken only after state government's approval,\" the source said.The roads to be joined in the first phase are stretches between Jagatpura and airport, Ajmer Road and Janpath Path, MI Road and Jai Club, a 160- feet wide road between Sanjeeveni Hospital Road and Nirman Nagar, and Ajmer Road to Queens Road among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15427026", "title": "Jeppiaar held for stadium collapse that left 10 dead", "text": "CHENNAI: Police arrested Sathyabama University vice-chancellor and Jeppiaar Institute of Technology chairman Jeppiaar on Thursday morning, three days after 10 workers died when a wall in a stadium under construction in the institute collapsed at Kunnam village near Sunkuvarchathiram on Monday.Police officers took Jeppiaar into custody at Dr A Ramachandran's Diabetes Hospitals, Egmore, where the education magnate had been admitted with high blood sugar and high blood pressure on Tuesday. Police charged him with culpable homicide not amounting to murder. Investigators have determined that construction engineers used building material of inferior quality for the multipurpose stadium and had not given adequate time for the curing of the wall, leading to its collapse.Jeppiaar, who owns several educational institutions in the state, and his son-in-law Marie Wilson are in charge of the engineering college's operations. They started construction of the stadium at a cost of 2 crore in May 2012 without permission from the local panchayat or conducting soil tests.Police produced Jeppiaar before magistrate Abdul Malik, who questioned him before remanding him in judicial custody for 15 days. He was taken to Vellore Central Prison in an ambulance. Investigating officers said a government doctor would examine his health at the prison.\"If he requires further treatment he will be taken to a government hospital in Vellore,\" a senior police officer said.The hospital where he was under treatment had on Thursday morning issued a press release saying Jeppiaar was not yet fit to be discharged. \"Jeppiaar was admitted with giddiness due to high blood sugar, high blood pressure and swelling of the feet. He has received treatment at our hospital several times over the past 25 years. His condition has improved considerably, but is not fit for discharge,\" said a statement signed by Dr A Ramachandran, chairman of the hospital.Police officers on Wednesday registered cases under IPC Sections 304 (ii) and 308 against Jeppiaar Institute of Technology director Marie Wilson, 34, construction engineer Arul Jaya Abrose, 28, construction engineer Rajkumar, 28, and manpower agent Sadanandan, 32. Police arrested them and they have been remanded in judicial custody in Vellore Central Prison.\"Officials of Jeppiaar Institute of Technology engaged inexperienced civil engineers who studied in the same institution for the construction of the stadium,\" said a senior police officer. \"They did not obtain a design for the construction from a certified civil consultant.Jeppiaar owns several colleges. All of them are run through the Jeppiaar Educational Trust, which was founded in 1987. A majority of the colleges are technical education institutions. He also promoted Jeppiaar Software Park.Among the colleges under the Jeppiaar Educational Trust are Sathyabama Institute of Science and Technology, a deemed university, St Joseph's College of Engineering and St Mary's School of Management. Jeppiaar, active in politics during the MGR regime, also runs Jet-in Park and Jeppiaar Associates, with interests in steel, cement, dairy products and water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15426075", "title": "Ten districts in Madhya Pradesh still rain-deficient", "text": "BHOPAL: Forty districts of Madhya Pradesh have received normal and excess rainfall this monsoon so far. But there are ten districts that still lag behind with below average rains--ranging from minus 21% to minus 40% than the average. The districts like Balaghat and Dindori, known for receiving maximum rainfall are trailing behind this year.Met department charts indicate that till Thursday, the state has so far received 59 cm rains exceeding the average rainfall of 55 cm \"We are 8% ahead with 15 districts which received excess rainfall and 25 districts with average showers. However, there are some districts in Madhya Pradesh, where rainfall has been drastically scanty,'' director meteorological department DP Dubey told TOI.The monsoon crisis is in Neemuch, Alirajpur, Badwani and Umaria while less than average rainfall has been recorded in Balaghat, Dindori, Sagar, Dhar, Guna and Sheopur. Tribal-dominated Alirajpur, Badwani and Neemuch adjoining Rajasthan have received less than 30 cm rainfall this season. According to the Met office here, Alirajpur received 29 cm rain which is 39% below the district's normal monsoon figures, Badwani got 22 cm which accounts for 38% below average and Neemuch the worst affected with only 25% rains and a deficit of minus 40%.Situation in Umaria is grave with 39% rainfall - 34% below the district's average. Balaghat, where the normal rainfall is an impressive till August 9 should be a whopping 80 cm, has a deficit of minus 24% with only 61 cm rains recorded till date. Similarly, Dindori's average is 75 cm whereas the district recorded 60 cm and Sagar received 46 cm against its mean statistics of 63 cm, a shortfall by 26%.Dhar received 35 cm against an average of 48 cm, Guna recorded 40 cm against a mean of 40 cm and Sheopur got only 33 cm against its average of 42 cm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15427490", "title": "2 bridges proposed near Saroornagar lake", "text": "HYDERABAD: GHMC commissioner M T Krishna Babu on Thursday directed the chief engineer of the municipal body to prepare proposals for junction improvement and road widening near Saroornagar lake as well as for building two bridges near the Saroornagar lake.Of the two bridges, one is proposed to come up near Shiva Ganga theatre and the other near Indira Priyadarshini Park. The commissioner along with L B Nagar MLA D Sudhir Reddy inspected Saroornagar lake and observed that the entrance as well as exit of the lake road was narrow. They asked the chief engineer to appoint consultants and take up the works on a priority basis.tnnMeanwhile, local representatives requested the commissioner to make all necessary arrangements for Ganesh immersion upon conclusion of the upcoming festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15428182", "title": "Rebuked, watchman kills young law graduate", "text": "MUMBAI: In a murder that has sent shockwaves through the upscale Bhakti Park at Wadala, a watchman of a building murdered a 25-year-old legal affairs manager with an entertainment company early on Thursday morning for rebuking him a couple of days ago.Pallavi Purkayastha, the daughter of Delhi-based senior bureaucrats, was found dead by her live-in partner Avik Sengupta in a pool of blood with her throat slit. She had multiple injuries on her face, hands and eyes, police said.The couple-both law graduates-stayed on the 16th floor of the 20-storey Himalayan Heights. The Kashmiri watchman, 28-year-old Sajjad Pathan, was arrested after he confessed to the murder. He said he wanted to take revenge for the humiliation.\"He was upset with Pallavi after she had rebuked him a couple of days ago. He felt humiliated and wanted to take revenge. Finding her alone in the flat, Pathan molested her and also made an attempt to rape her,\" a crime branch officer said on condition of anonymity. Pathan was an employee of Ahmed Hamid Enterprises, a security services firm.Police said the murder was committed around 1.45am after two electricians, who had come to restore power at Pallavi's flat 1601 that had gone off at around 12.30am, left the place.The murder came to light when 26-year-old Avik, working with a financial services firm, returned home from work at around 5.30am and found the door to his flat left open. As he stepped inside, he saw the bloodstains and Pallavi lying in her undergarments.He immediately informed his neighbours and they called the police. \"We came to know about the murder at around 5.45am,\" said Nagesh Jadhav, senior inspector of Wadala police station.Recreating the murder, police said after the power suddenly went off in their flat, Pallavi had called Avik and informed him about it. He had asked her to get in touch with the society watchman and take his help to repair it. Pallavi had called Avik at around 1.20am to inform him about the power supply being restored. Police said that was the last call recorded from Pallavi's mobile phone.But in between, from the blood stains in the lobby and also on the calling bell of their neighbour K T Shah, it seems Pallavi had rushed out and tried to seek help. But with no one responding to her calls, she apparently went back to her flat and bled to death.Sources said Shah told the police that he heard someone ringing the calling bell when he was in deep sleep. But when he looked through the peephole, he did not find anyone, so he didn't open the door. He also denied that he heard any commotion or screams from Pallavi and Avik's flat. Police have recorded the statement of Shah and his family.Pallavi and Avik had taken the flat on rent from Vineet Gupta around eight months ago. Earlier, the police had detained the couple's cook Saeeda and others including Avik. All of them have been given a clean chit.A post-mortem of Pallavi's body was carried out and her parents, who had come down from Delhi have been handed over her body, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15429231", "title": "Cases filed against 17 cement dealers", "text": "MADURAI: Labour department officials on Wednesday night slapped cases against 17 cement dealers in the city after a surprise raid at many shops revealed that the cement bags weighed less than their original weight.The raid was carried out on Wednesday night after the department received complaints from the public and consumer forums about discrepancies in the weight of the cement bags sold by dealers. Hence, based on instructions, the raid was carried out by a team of officials in the city. Staff, from the labour department were divided into two groups and they inspected 62 shops in areas like Kamarajar Salai, New Ramnad Road, Anupanadi, Jaihindpuram, Arapalayam, Bypass Road etc.N Govindan, assistant commissioner of the labour department said that each team carried an electronic weighing machine to conduct the spot inspection. \"When we weighed the cement bags in the shops in front of the dealers, we found that the 50 kg bag weighed only 48 kg and in many shops, there were discrepancies, in the weight. We have found such discrepancies in 17 shops out of the 62 that we raided and have filed cases against them under the Legal Metrological Act 2009, rules 2011,\" he said.Many dealers claimed that such discrepancies have occurred for the first time and attributed faulty packaging as the reason. They also defended that the weight loss could have happened while transportation as hooks are used to unload the bags. They also told the officials that they would take it up with the manufacturers and inform the packing units about the weight discrepancies.\"They told us that the weight loss could have occurred due to the use of hooks which cannot be accepted as the end customer pays for the 50 kg. Hence, we have filed cases against all 17 shops where the discrepancies were found and further measures will be taken by the department. We will be conducting more raids in the coming days,\" Govindan said.On their way, based on complaints from consumers, officials also raided a restaurant near the district court, which was overpricing aerated drinks. Action has been initiated against the restaurant, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "15426722", "title": "Headless body found near Cuttack", "text": "CUTTACK: The headless body of a man, who was brutally murdered, was found in Korkorapada village within Sadar police limits on Thursday. The deceased was identified as Basant Patra (37), a betel shop-owner. Patra's head was severed brutally and was thrown 15 feet away from the body. Villagers saw the headless body in the wee hours and informed police.Family members of the deceased stated that Patra had gone out in the evening to meet his friend, but did not return till late in the night. His headless body was recovered from the roadside around 5 km from his house. \"He was a poor man and had no enmity with anyone. We do not know who murdered Basant so brutally and why,\" said Golak Patra, deceased's relative.However, police were still clueless about the culprits and the motive behind the murder. Police have registered a case and detained three persons. \"We have detained few friends of the deceased and questioning them about the incident. We are trying to gather some clue about the murder,\" said Ranjit Prusty, IIC of Sadar police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15426718", "title": "Computer skill training for govt staff", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Ganjam is readying to have an administrative and computer skills centre dedicated to train government employees to meet modern requirements, official sources said on Thursday. \"Our centre will be the first-of-its-kind in Odisha. We aim to launch it on September 1,\" Ganjam collector Krishan Kumar told TOI.Official sources said the need for such a centre had become imperative as the state government was lacking facilities to impart training on computer and other skills to government staff. \"Unless the employees are equipped with necessary skills, the government's e-governance initiatives cannot be successful. We must have dedicated centres at the state-level as well as in the districts to impart round-the-year skills training for government staff,\" an officer said.Sources said the Ganjam administration plans to spend around Rs one crore on infrastructure development for the proposed centre. \"We have already constructed three halls having around 2,500 sq ft floor area on the collectorate premises for the centre. We will have a computer laboratory with at least 25 terminals,\" Kumar said.Initially, the Centre would have three full-time staff to train clerks, revenue inspectors and other field staff. \"We will train different categories of employees in phases, an officer said, adding, \"We are attempting to put in place a self-sustaining model by dovetailing funds from different government schemes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15426091", "title": "Ramzan: A month of reunion with family for NRIs", "text": "BHOPAL: In the month of Ramzan, many non-resident Indians ( NRIs) plan a return visit to the city, a chance to experience and be part of the festivities. A simple act of sharing a meal together is seen as an opportunity of connecting with their family roots, especially for the younger generation.\"My children are often intrigued about the family and the city as a whole. Ramzan is an opportunity for me to say-Look, this is what we are,\" said ENT specialist Dr Syed Mohd Mohsin, based in Saudi Arabia .Evidence shows in wall photograph.. Every evening, members of families living in half a dozen separate homes in the same compound get together at the 'Mubarak house to break their fast. It offers a chance to some 30 members to share sumptuous food from 6 different kitchens.\"Fasting is the same anywhere in the world. But it is great to be with your parents during Ramzan,\" said Dr Mohsin, as he watches tulsi seeds soaked overnight in water being added to rose water and milk. Tulsi is a medicinal plant that gives longevity, explains the doctor.Of course, iftar is not complete without dates, which are eaten to break the fast for spiritual reasons. On an average, each date contains 31 gram of carbohydrates, considered one of the healthiest foods that boost energy.\"The human body has the incredible ability to adapt,\" said architect SM Husain helping the preparations for iftar. \"Eating light but eat right,\" he said.Crushed papad, mint, lemon and chilli mixed with chana dal (soaked overnight) is a must, said Husain. \"It's typical for Bhopal recipe during Ramzan,\" he added.At the iftar table, sitting alongside elders, children eagerly wait for breaking fast. \"This is a lesson in self-restraint and in discipline. Fasting is more mental thing than physical,\" explained Dr Mohsin as the children looked on. Finally came the signal to break their fast and the feast began.Fasting and diabetesFasting does not pose any medical risk to healthy individuals, but for people with a medical condition, healthcare professionals' advice care.People with diabetes are most vulnerable. \"As a result of low sugar, a person may go into hypoglycaemia. Medication for diabetic's needs to be rescheduled before they start observing fastPatients who are on insulin, heart or kidney problem are not advised to observe fast,\" said Dr S S Jindal.Medical practitioners indicate that potency of diabetes medicines, taken in the morning if far higher than those prescribed for evening. As for diabetes who fast, the medication has to be rescheduled.Further, people tend to avoid, using blood sugar tracker, during their fast which provides an easy point of reference for managing daily food intake and medication timing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "15428558", "title": "Women cops take up mission to eradicate charas from Kullu", "text": "MANALI: Camped in the far flung jungles of Parvati valley, about 100 women constables from a Himachal police battalion, under the supervision of Kullu police, have taken up the responsibility to eradicate the menace of charas from Malana, Manikaran and nearby charas-affected areas of the district.Mostly in the 20-25 age group and from a new batch, the women cops are excited to be a part of the campaign, a police official said. With a speed of about 50 bighas per day, women constables are destroying cannabis fields and are moving towards Malana jungles. \"There is no male-female difference in our department, but as these women are young, they are quite effective in stopping this menace with appreciable outcome,\" he said. Making separate groups and carrying sticks and reaping hooks in hands, these women constables are destroying cannabis in the far flung villages of Parvati valley.According to Kullu additional superintendent of police, Sandeep Dhabal, police have recognized an area of 7,000 bighas under cultivated and naturally grown cannabis in Kullu. \"This is the area marked by our police teams. The actual area under cannabis cultivation may be much more. Our teams are camping in jungles, work for the whole day, cook food in camps and spend nights there.\"Besides women constables and Kullu police personnel, 100 more constables from the battalion are destroying cannabis plants in Banjar, Anni and Nirmand villages and nearby jungles. PWD workers, revenue officials, forest officials, local youths, panchayat and NGO members are also taking part in the campaign to remove the name of charas from Kullu district.\"Cannabis from 250 bigha land has been destroyed. We are getting to see 10 to 15 feet high plants. Marijuana worth crores of rupees has already been destroyed. The figure would go up many times after completion of the campaign,\" Dhabal said.Involving over 250 personnel and many villagers, this is the largest campaign initiated by Kullu police towards destruction of cannabis in Kullu till now. After completing the campaign at one village, police move to another village and villagers cultivating cannabis illegally are being booked on the spot. As cannabis growers move to new areas, sometimes deep inside the jungles, destroying cannabis remains a challenge for police. Many growers were reportedly encroaching forest land to produce marijuana, sources said.Last year, police had destroyed cannabis plants from 6,677 bigha private and forest lands and 94 cases under NDPS Act were registered against the cultivators. Kutla, Gadgi, Shariaage, Joan Thach, Batling and Kaval are the most affected areas in Parvati valley near Malana, where smugglers have encroached forest land. Felling of hundreds of trees has been noticed here during the past some years, they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15431444", "title": "Nikhil Advani plans film premiere at Ranthambore", "text": "TOI told you director Nikhil Advani is all set for an October 19 release of his 3D stereoscopic animation feature film titled Delhi Safari. And now, Advani plans to have the premiere of his film at Ranthambore in Rajasthan. Perhaps fittingly so as the film tells the story of five animals and Ranthambore is one of the largest national parks in the country and was declared one of the Tiger Reserves in 1973.Environmentalist Bittu Sahgal, who is supporting Delhi Safar i, told TOI, \"I have spoken to officials at Ranthambore. They have requested a screening of the film for a 5,000-strong crowd.\"Members of the cast and crew of the film including Govinda , Shankar Mahadevan and Loy Fernandez have kickstarted a campaign to save the environment by signing postcards that will be handed over to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh .Said Advani, \"We will ask students to send letters in support of the cause, which will then be sent to the Prime Minister's Office. We will use the web and social media to reach out to as many people as possible, so that the petition reaches the PMO by the first week of October which is observed as Wildlife Week.\"Quizzed about the release of his film clashing with Karan Johar's Student of the Year , the director said, \"I know SOTY is a big film but they can come and support our film too.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15428138", "title": "Wanted woman held after high drama in Lavelle Road flat", "text": "BANGALORE: A 35-year-old woman kept a joint police team from Mumbai and Bangalore, which came to arrest her, on tenterhooks for four hours by locking herself up in her Lavelle Road flat on Thursday evening.Sunita Sharma, and her mother, Sushila Sharma, had been sentenced to six months' imprisonment and slapped a fine of Rs 25,000 each by a Mumbai court. The women had been accused of criminal trespassing, assault and cheating by Arun Dalmia in 2004. The case was registered in Marine Drive police station. The women later moved to Bangalore.Around 5.30pm, the joint police team landed at Golden Orchids apartment complex and sought to serve the arrest warrant on Sunita. But she refused to come out.Police feared any hasty action could prompt her to take dangerous step. She said she wouldn't come out if mediapersons were around. The huge media contingent was told to leave.Sunita's sister arrived to help police in convincing her to come out. Police tried to enter the flat by removing some grilled windows. She finally came out around 9.30pm, face covered by a piece of cloth. Police whisked her away and said they have about her mother's whereabouts.DCP (South Mumbai) Raveendra Shisve said the arrest warrant was one of the many against Sunita.City police sources said there are 11 cases, including cheating, against Sunita in various Bangalore police stations including Cubbon Park, Yelahanka and Banaswadi. On June 26, 2011, Sunita and four men were caught while trying to escape after packing household articles from another apartment in Golden Orchids.Cubbon Park police had said Sunita was trying to get the flat forcibly evicted. She had sold the flat to a Mumbai person and was trying to regain possession.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15425519", "title": "Kasab brought face to face with 26/11 handler Abu Jundal", "text": "MUMBAI: In a major development the Mumbai crime branch on Thursday confronted the deported 26/11 conspirator Sayed Zabiuddin alias Abu Jundal with the alone arrested Pakistani terrorist Ajmal Kasab at headquarter at high security cell at Arthur road.Sources said that around two dozen policemen of Mumbai crime branch took Jundal admist high security at Arthur road jail at around 2 pm. The entire affair was kept highly secret for the security reasons. The police said that the confrontation of the two went for nearly two and half hour in presence of the senior officials of Jail.The Home department had on Wednesday given the police a go ahead for the interrogations after they got a nod from the central government as Kasab is a convicted by the Bombay high courtt.His conviction is pending before the supreme court. Police said that confrontation was fruitful as several descrepancies were soughted out regaridng the unknown Pakistani handlers and Pakistan's ISI officials involvement in the 26/11 Mumbai terror attack.Police said Ansari who got the nick name 'Abu Jundal' after he completed the physical and spiritual training in Pakistan is a key accused in the 26/11 terror attack in which 166 persons were killed and more than 260 were injured in Mumbai. While Kasab had told police that Jundal had given him arms and ammuition training, Jundal said that he didnot part the training but only gave Hindi and Marathi lessons to Kasab and nine others.Kasab had named Jundal was among the 13 Pakistani handlers who had come to see them off to Al Hussain the Pakistani ship in which they sail from Karachi and later captured Indian fishing Trawler M V Kuber. Jundal during interrogations said he didnot come to see off.Kasab during the interrogations had named the 13 Pakistanis who came to send them off in Karachi to sail for Mumbai on November 23, 2008. Abu Jundal, Abu Kahafa, Abu Humza and Zaki Ur Rahman Lakhvi were top among them Jundal is an important conspirators as he was present in the control room along with five other Pakistani Laskar-e-Toiba operatives who were dictating terms to the ten terrorist including Ajmal Kasab send to Mumbai in 2008.\"Many of them we only know by their nick names, Jundal being in a very core group he may be knowing the others well,\" said an official on condition of anonymity.\"One of the accused arrested in German bakery blast was asked to recognize the voice of the handlers of 26/11. He identified one of the voices was of Zabiuddin Ansari who posed as Abu Jundal. Crime branch will take expert's help to match the voices. The pure Hindi words like prashasan and yuvak have been used by handlers suggesting the involvement of some Indian,\" added officer.Once the crime branch finishes his custody the Maharashtra Anti-Terrorism Squad (ATS) will seek Jundal's custody in two offences of Aurangabad arms haul case and German bakery blast of Pune. Jindal who hails from Gevrai Taluka in Beed district was a student of Indian Technical Institute in Beed, had a sudden rise in the ranks of Lashker-e-Taiba after he was indoctrinate by banned SIMI post Gujarat riots in 2002.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15429767", "title": "Two toddlers die after being \u2018vaccinated\u2019", "text": "HUBLI: Two toddlers died on Wednesday night and two others fell ill after they were allegedly administered vaccinations under a special drive carried out by an NGO in Hospet town of Bellary district. One-and-a-half-year-old Sohana and one-year-old Sandhya, residents of Rajajinagar died a day after they were vaccinated. \"It's a very unfortunate incident. I have sought a report from the officials and I will initiate action based on it. The families have been given a compensation of Rs 50,000 each from the Chief Minister's Relief Fund,\" said tourism minister Anand Singh , also in in charge of Bellary district.On Wednesday, under a special drive about 120 children were vaccinated in Hospet by Arunodaya Poirada, an NGO of P K Halli of Bellary district. They were administered Hepatitis-B and DPT vaccines by trained workers who go door-to-door under the routine immunisation programme.Speaking to TOI, Dadapeer, father of Sohana, said that they got her vaccinated on Wednesday afternoon. By evening she fell ill and started vomiting and was passing loose stools. They immediately shifted her to a government hospital, but the doctors refused to treat her. Dadapeer later shifted Sohana to a nearby private hospital. The doctors told the family that she was critical and suggested that she be shifted to a specialist hospital. However, by then Sohana had died.Soon after Sandhya , a neighbour of Sohana in Rajajinagar, too died after being vaccinated. Dr B Jambayya, Hospet taluk health officer, said: \"If death is due to the vaccinations, the symptoms will be different. If kids react to drugs there will be rashes, fever. But they will not vomit or pass loose stools as was in the case of Sohana and Sandhya.''Following the incident, other children who too took ill were brought to the hospital and treated. \"We have sent the viscera to the forensic lab. We wil know the exact cause of death after 2-3 days,'' Jambayya said. The special drive to administer vaccine is on in Hospet taluka since a year. Arunodaya Poirada, an NGO of P K Halli of Bellary district, has been given the responsibility of implementing the immunization programme in the taluk.Abhinav Khare, asst superintendent of police, Hospet, said that two cases have been registered in Town police station against the NGO and also against the doctor who failed to treat the two deceased children. \"Complaints were given by the parents of the deceased. After the postmortem, the bodies were handed over to the families,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15429210", "title": "Ten-day training for HIV-affected", "text": "MADURAI: Self-employment training for HIV-affected persons commenced at the Poomalai Complex (District Agricultural Marketing Society) near the district collectorate in the city on Wednesday. Thirty HIV-affected persons from the district will be trained in the manufacture of detergent soaps, soap powder, phenyl, paper covers, office files, palm-craft and rearing nursery plants. The 10-day training organised by the Women's Project, is being conducted by experts from the Rural Development and Self Employment Trust ( RUDSET).Inaugurating the training session, district collector Anshul Mishra said that it was an initiative to rehabilitate persons affected with HIV in the district. and that they should use the training effectively to learn the skills.Sending out a strong message to the public, the collector insisted that AIDS is not a communicable disease and hence the public need not be afraid to procure goods manufactured by them. \"People affected by HIV should not feel discouraged. They can lead a normal and healthy life through regular treatment and can involve themselves in self-employment trades like anyone,\" he said.R Ganesan, joint director/project officer, Women's Project said the training would consist of more practical sessions. \"The participants will master the various skills in the 10-day training. We will then put them into groups based on their interest of trade. Along with the training, we will arrange bank loans through the District Lead Bank and also allot shops in Poomalai Complex for them. We will also utilise the van in the Women's Project to promote the mobile sales unit,\" he said.The district administration had held a preliminary meeting about the training on July 27, where 60 HIV- affected persons had participated. They were briefed on the project and 30 of them registered for the training, Ganesan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15431999", "title": "Devdas has all the ingredients of an erotic movie: Eijaz Khan", "text": "'Jism 2' \u2014 erotica has been the buzzword in both the literary and movie world. TOI quizzes celebs on which role sets their pulse racin gEijaz Khan I would choose Devdas. Both Dilip Kumar and Shah Rukh Khan have played Devdas with elan. But my take would be more on the erotic lines. Devdas has all the ingredients of an erotic movie. It has passion play, tragedy and romance. It's the perfect choice for a new-age adaptation that explores the erotic angle in forbidden romance between a man who drinks to forget his sorrows and a hooker with a golden heart. Audiences identify with the character since there is a Devdas in every person. It is only the degree of identification and expression of the emotion that varies. People wish to hide their latent Devdas traits but I'm sure there will be a lot of takers who've want to see how the man fantasized and pined for the woman in the kotha. The character has immense depth and it evokes sentiments. To bring that alive on screen would be a challenge that I'd love to take up.Hollywood hottie Angelina Jolie has reportedly expressed a desire to play Anastasia Steele in the movie adaptation of Fifty Shades Of Grey . Jolie, who had heard a lot about the Christian Grey bestseller, bought a copy of the book apparently thinking she'd love to feature in what has become the hot topic on everyone's lips at the moment. Closer home, there is no less interest in erotic thrillers. The sheer excitement of exploring the many layers of bold and kinky love has set the pulse racing here in our own backyards too. TOI asks actors which literary or filmi character would they want to revisit in order to give an erotic twist.Sameera Reddy My pick would be Anarkali from \" Mughal-e-Azam \". In the earlier version, she was a simpleton but a court dancer nonetheless. The K Asif movie starring Prithviraj Kapoor, Dilip Kumar, Madhubala and Durga Khote loosely followed an episode in the life of Prince Salim and his love for the court dancer \u2014 Anarkali. This relationship was disapproved by emperor Akbar and also a matter of envy for a another dancer who wished to be the queen. I would want to do a remake version of the film that would give a twist in terms of subtle sexiness, not an outright erotic angle.Arunoday Singh I have read Fifty Shades Of Grey. I am not someone who would like revisiting old films. Ray's films, for example, should never be touched even if one is thinking of giving an erotic twist to the way he explored the relationship between the brother-in-law and sister-in-law (\"Charulata\"). As for other Indian movies exploring love triangles, they've always remained very superficial.Perhaps, India is still not prepared to see that level of naked truth. Fact is, we are a highly sexual species which needs to heal the hypocrisy. It'd be cool to give a quirky erotic twist to the \" Vikram and Betaa l\" saga. I always thought that Betaal was a woman and would like to give an erotic twist to their stories.Richa Chadda Draupadi is probably one of the extremely rare cases of respected and acceptable polyandry in our culture. Even though her five husbands mortgaged her modesty, the cheerharan bit had strong sexual undercurrents. What would Draupadi say? Did she enjoy the fact that unlike most women, she was spoilt for choice! Was she flattered that Bheem killed Duryodhana on the pretext of avenging her? I always found Draupadi interesting. She's never been cited as an 'ideal' bahu unlike Sita. The latter had to go underground even after an agnipariksha! Prehistoric male chauvinism, I'd say! I think the directors who can give breathing space to female characters would tell the story nicely.Tannishtha Chatterjee I'd want to revisit Binodini's character from \" Chokher Bali\" and give an erotic angle to a tale of a widow's suppressed sexuality. When Binodini accepts the invitation of Rajlakshmi to live with her and her son, Mahendra (who had rejected a former marriage proposal with Binodini), the latter is already married to Ashalata. The strong undercurrents of attraction between Binodini and Mahendra can be given an erotic interpretation even as the text explores a tale of adultery, deceit and sorrow that arose from a deep sense of repression and dissatisfaction", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15428351", "title": "Bihar to get time to make Patna airport 'safe', assures Prime Minister", "text": "PATNA: In what has come as a huge relief to flyers worried over reported withdrawal of services by different airline firms from August 16 after the Airports Authority of India (AAI) renotified the Patna airport's runway length as unfit for operation of big aircraft, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Thursday assured a delegation of Bihar MPs to intervene in the matter.As a result of the AAI move based on the presence of obstructions on either side of the runway, the effective length of the Patna airport runway will be 1,141 metres instead of the current 1,677m. The runway length from the Patna zoo end will also get reduced from 1,820m to 1,289m. Big aircraft like Airbus-320 and Boeing-737 need a runway of at least 1,540m and 1,790m, AAI sources said and added operation of the big aircraft at runways shorter than these was fraught with risks.The PM gave this assurance to Rajya Sabha members C P Thakur of the BJP and N K Singh and Shivanand Tiwary of the JD (U) when they called on him and sought at least three-month cushion period to remove the security threats. Thakur said the PM agreed to ask the civil aviation minister to give three-month cushion period to the state government for removing the obstacles causing problems in safe landing and take-off of planes.Thakur said he personally discussed the matter with the state officials concerned, who gave the assurance that the corrective measures would be taken within three months. These measures include pruning and felling of trees.\"Also, an all-party meeting can be convened to decide on the dismantling or shortening the height of the central clock tower of Old Secretariat which also has been identified as a hindrance,\" Thakur said and added the airstrip could be widened and extended by acquiring land at its western end.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15428116", "title": "People urged to make small idols of Ganesha", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat Pollution Control Board (GPCC) has urged the people of the state to use small size idol made from material which will dissolve easily in the water, for this Ganeshotsav celebrations.The use of Plaster of Paris (PoP) to make the idols has been banned. GPCB officials in a statement issued said that following the guidelines issued by the minister of environment and forest, state has decided to promote an eco-friendly festival. The guidelines issued discourage the use of PoP and chemicals in making of the Ganesh idols.Instead the use of traditional clay has been encouraged rather than the baked clay. The board has also recommended the use of water soluble and non-toxic natural dyes for painting the idols. According to the guidelines, use of toxic and non-biodegradable chemical dyes is prohibited. GPCB has also requested people to use small size idols so that the same can be easily immersed in the river and ponds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15432140", "title": "UP life can provide masala to any movie: Dileep Shukla", "text": "His creation - the mischievious Kanpur cop Chulbul Pandey - has almost become a fixture in every moviegoers' memory. And with \"Dabangg 2\", scriptwriter Dileep Shukla promises to recreate the magic, despite the fact that his cowriter, director Abhinav Kashyap, is not a part of the sequel. \"Ek insaan ke jaane se itna farak nahi padta,\" shrugs Shukla, and adds, \"A film is a creation of many people's thoughts, ideas and inspirations. You mark my words, \"Dabangg 2\" will be great.\"Confident words, no doubt, and according to Shukla what adds to the magic of the \"Dabangg\" franchisee is its UP connect. Indeed, Shukla, who himself hails from Lucknow, says there is so much that he has seen and felt of the city and its environs that he can spin filmi yarns about the area all his life. \" Itna colour hai yahaan ki life mein, \" he says in explanation, \"Our culture, bolne ka lahzaa... all of it is very interesting. UP ki life can provide masala to any movie and that is what people are looking for. They want masala.\"Indian films need that kind of variety. Woh hamaare mizaz mein hai. Even in the food we eat, there is such variety, nahi hai toh maangenge,\" he adds. And hence, his hometown's motif will continue in the films Shukla scripts. Talking about \"Dabangg 2\", Shukla reaffirms what the filmmakers have been promising all this while, that parts of the film will be shot in Lucknow and/or Kanpur. \"Of course, we plan to come here and shoot for \"Dabangg 2\", he insists, even though there were reports to the contrary some time ago. \"We are all for real locations. I have not even bothered to rename actual locations in my film. For instance, there was this Bajariya Thana in Kanpur which retaines its name in \" Dabangg 2\" . Why should I change names, I'm not writing anything controversial.\"Shukla may be keen to stick to real names and locations while penning a film, but pen a reality-based film he will not, he insists. \"I would never want to make a film on a real incident. That's not my style. Why would I want to offer to my viewers a slice of life, don't they already have it around them?\" smiles Shukla, even as he takes in the continued reports of Fiza and air hostess Geetika Sharma suicides on the telly. \"I will always want to make people laugh. Say for instance, ek project mila ki ek ladki hai who wants to get a job, but in the correct manner. I will talk about it, but in a manner which is funny and yet manages to tell her story. That's my kind of film,\" Shukla adds.Talking of his own Lucknow connect, Deepak goes on, \"Yaheen Alambagh mein ghar hua karta tha mera. I have studied here. I was heavily involved in theatre and even directed a few plays. Phir pata laga logon ko mera kaam pasand aaya, so I thought of moving to Mumbai. Socha achcha kaam bade parde pe aur achche se dikheg a. But yes, the initial years were full of struggle. Ab, I can say I have adjusted.\" With an impressive line-up which includes hits like \" Damini\" , \"Andaz Apna Apna\", \"Ghayal \" and the \" Dabangg\" films, not to mention the critically acclaimed recent release \" Gattu\" , 'adjusted' just about describes Deepak's position in Bollywood .Shukla is justifiably proud of his UP antecedents, but interestingly, like most others who hail from Lucknow he is not exactly pining about the city losing its tehzeeb. He says, \"If I were to write a film on Lucknow, my thrust would be on Lucknow mein kya bacha hai. I f people insist that the city is losing its unique culture, I would want to stress on how the little that remains, carries on in modern day Lucknow, how people manage to keep in touch with their roots while striding ahead.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15429075", "title": "Himanta assures care of 4400 pregnant camp inmates", "text": "GUWAHATI: The government is struggling to persuade over three lakh relief camp inmates - victims of the recent ethnic violence between the Bodos and Bengali-speaking Muslims in the BTC area of western Assam - to go back to their homes. Among them are 4,415 pregnant women, who fear for their lives and the lives of their unborn children in the event that they are sent back home.State health minister Himanta Biswa Sarma said the health department has prepared a chart of all the expecting mothers and their expected dates of deliveries. \"So far, 30 women living in camps have given birth, and all the deliveries have been done at the nearest health centre and not in the camps. We have deputed one nurse with each of the remaining pregnant women in the camps with instructions that each one of these women be shifted to the nearest hospital 48 hours before her expected time of delivery.\"Sarma added 120 ambulances have placed at all the camp locations to transport the expecting mothers to hospitals. The minister has been camping in Kokrajhar and Dhubri districts for the past two days.The state health department went on a red alert after 22 persons died in the camps, including a newborn. \"We were very worried about the health condition in the camps. Of the 22 dead, 12 died of old age and the others due to chronic diseases. In the last three days, there have been no reports of any major health problems except incidence of diarrhoea, which we have taken care of,\" the minister said.There are 14,000 children between the age of 0-2 years in the camps and all of them have been immunized, Sarma said, adding that the department has now posted one doctor at each of the 258 relief camps in the four districts of Kokrajhar, Chirang, Dhubri and Bongaigaon.Two teams of doctors from Guawahti Medical College and Hospital will be touring the camps from Friday and will make recommendations, if any, for further improvement of health facilities.\"An eight-member team of public health experts from New Delhi are in the camps to detect any early signs of breakout of an epidemic,\" the minister said.The government has fixed three hospitals - the 100-bedded Bongaigaon Civil Hospital, Barpeta Medical College Hospital and Guwahati Medical College Hospital - as referral centres.Sarma, who is also the education minister, said, that the government schools in the four affected districts will start conducting classes from August 16. Sarma said that most of the schools and colleges in these district have been turned into relief camps and the education department has made special arrangement to hold classes for the children of these schools.\"We will tag the children and teachers of the schools that are now relief camps to the nearest school which is not a relief camp. Where this is not possible, we will hold classes in public halls and community halls,\" Sarma said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15429732", "title": "JDA officials pulled up over affidavit", "text": "JAIPUR: A division bench of Rajasthan high court came down heavily on two JDA officials who appeared before the court on Thursday for filing wrong affidavit before the court in the matter of Woodland Park being developed by JDA in 20 bigha land on village Brajlalpura in Jaipur.The order came on a PIL filed by one Sohan Lal Saini who claimed that a three bigha land has been acquried wrongly by the JDA and is being utilized in Brijlalpura village for the development of woodland park. It was contested that the land was used as crematory since time immemorial and JDA has created problems for residents by blocking funeral on the land.\"It was contested that the land was ordered by the then sub-divisional magistrate in 1962 to be used as crematory the said order was an ex-parte order and no government authority was ever heard before passing such order. Subsequently, some local residents approached civil court against JMC to get a declaration in a suit that the land is a Hindu crematory but they lost. Even higher courts, including the high court in a second appeal rejected the claim,\" argued A K Gupta counsel for JDA.In response to the PIL, JDA officials submitted the reply along with their affidavit stating that the land is not a crematory as claimed by petitioner but the division bench of Chief Justice Arun Mishra and Justice N K Jain (senior) took a strong note of the fact that the affidavits filed before the court were contradictory and stated wrong facts to mislead the court.After the observation made by court the JDA officials filed a written apology before the court. The bench than directed JDA to leave 3 bighas of land for public crematory and also cancelled the 90-B proceedings under taken for resumption of land in the name of JDA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15427990", "title": "More city folks want to drive in foreign lands too", "text": "KOCHI: It seems that more and more businessmen from the city are planning to hit the road abroad. The increasing demand for international driving permit (IDP) at the Ernakulam regional transport office (RTO) proves the point.The motor vehicle department (MVD) has already issued 340 IDPs this year till July.While a total of 520 IDPs were issued last year, the figure is likely to go up further. MVD official say the RTO on an average issues 45 IDPs a month and has in the last three years issued 1,368 permits in the district.Officials say most of the applicants are businessmen who frequently fly abroad and attribute the rise in demand for IDPs to increasing awareness among people.Ernakulam regional transport officer T J Thomas points out that it is difficult to get an IDP from a foreign country because of stringent rules and long waiting periods.\"Most people take an IDP from their hometown. The permit can also be used an alternative identification document,\" he said. But there is a caveat on its use. \"If one wishes to stay for more than a year in a foreign country, he will need to take an IDP from there,\" he said.In India, the permit can be obtained from the RTO by paying a fee of Rs 750 along with relevant documents such as a driving licence, passport, visa, air-tickets and passport size photographs. Usually the licencing authority issues a permit on the same working day that the application is received.Thomas said that though the number of IDPs issued is negligible compared to domestic driving licences, the trend is catching up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "15432652", "title": "Sale and use of plastic tricolour banned in Kerala", "text": "THRISSUR: The Kerala General Administration Department has issued a circular banning the sale and use of plastic tricolour during Independence Day celebrations.The civic body's decision came on Thursday as the plastic tricolours harm the environment. Sources from the Thrissur Collectorate said the direction was given in the context of the large-scale sale of plastic national flags in connection with Independence Day and their careless discarding after use. It is also a blatant violation of the Indian Flag Code of 2002, said the officer.In the direction issued to all Collectorates, the General Administration Department has made it clear that public could make and use paper-made tricolours, but should strictly follow the Indian Flag Code of 2002. \"Strict action will be taken against those who throw away the tricolor after use. Those who use tricolor are requested to show full respect to it,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15428224", "title": "Citizens sweep their streets clean", "text": "BANGALORE: Disgusted with the piles of muck lying around, residents of Fraser Town got to work, picking up brooms and sweeping their streets clean on Thursday, as the city's pourakarmikas stayed home.The second day of the BBMP employees' strike left the city's street corners full of garbage and the fear of epidemics in the air.\"The situation has always been very bad here. We shifted from Shivajinagar to Fraser Town 25 years ago, as we thought this place is cleaner, but unfortunately, it is nothing different. The garbage is never cleared properly and wind blows the filth into our houses. We've complained to the Annaswamy Mudaliar General Hospital but the authorities are not bothered,\" said Aasma Nasser, resident of Bourdillon Road in Fraser Town.Her house is right opposite the hospital and hospital waste is dumped outside her boundary wall. \"There are some people who own cows and leave them on the streets. These cows feed at the garbage heap and make a mess. The stink of cow dung comes right into our houses,\" complained Amanullah, a resident.Yasser Mohammed, Amanullah and a few other residents brought brooms from their homes and started cleaning up the streets. They paid slum dwellers living in the surroundings some money to help them clean the streets. Area corporator AR Zakir also brought in private pourakarmikas to help them clear the garbage heaps without the knowledge of the unions.\"Dengue is spreading in the city, so we employed private pourakarmikas to clear garbage in my ward. The fight between the union and BMTF should be solved across the table and not affect citizens,\" Zakir told TOI. However, he also felt the BMTF booking criminal cases against BBMP engineers was beyond its purview, and suggested that the law keepers work under the BBMP commissioner.PU BUILDING LIFTS CLOSEDVisitors to Public Utility Building and employees of firms on its 24 floors had a tough time on Thursday morning, after all six lifts were switched off at 11am. When some of them complained to police, the cops asked them to 'adjust maadi' and walk up the stairs. After a scuffle with a BBMP executive engineer whose office is on the 20th floor, one of the six lifts was switched on. Lift operators were also on strike, and citizens had to operate the shaky lift themselves.RUNNING FROM PILLAR TO POSTWith over 12,000 employees of BBMP on strike and over 300 offices shut, hapless citizens ran from pillar to post to get their work done. Many of them hopped from help centres to zonal offices to get khata extracts and pay property tax. In a BBMP office in Sanjaynagar ward, people flocked to get birth certificates and file complaints regarding garbage, and wondered why the offices were closed. However, all BBMP-run schools were open, so were hospitals and medical emergency services.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "15427553", "title": "Malda medical college has 342 posts but 4 staffers", "text": "MALDA: In a clear violation of the Medical Council of India (MCI) guidelines, the Malda Medical College and Hospital (MMCH) is operating with only four office employees, instead of 342 prescribed by the MCI. The staff crunch has taken such a proportion that the vice-principal M A Rashid has been given the additional charge of accountant.Though the MMCH authorities are tight-lipped over the staff shortage, it has been learnt that they are desperately pursuing the matter with the state government, so that the MCI guidelines are met.MMCH, which began its journey last year, got a severe blow recently with the MCI denying it the renewal of permission for the admission of second batch of MBBS students in the coming academic year. A team of MCI, which visited the college on March 1 and 2 to assess the infrastructure, found it was not up to the mark. In a letter to the principal on May 26, the MCI informed its decision.After receiving the letter, the college started hectic lobbying with the MCI as 100 students, who had cleared the JEE recently, were waiting for the admission. A team from state health department, including health secretary, and the principal of the college went to New Delhi on June 1 to convince the MCI officials that works are on to improve the infrastructure.After that, there was a surprise visit by the MCI officials to the college on June 11. On June 26, an e-mail was sent to the college principal by Sanjoy Srivastava, secretary of MCI, approving the recognition for another year.However the tough times are back with the staff crunch hitting the college again.MCI had suggested that there should be 342 office employees, apart from teachers, to manage the gigantic task of MMCH. Though, the state had sanctioned only 76 posts in an order issued on February 25, 2011.However, only four employees including one head clerk, one upper-division clerk and one lower-division clerk were appointed so far. Even the post of the personal secretary to the MMCH principal is lying vacant. Recently, Rashid has been asked to look after the works of the accountant too. However, he has expressed his reluctance to it, sources said.In order to tackle the crisis, MMCH authorities are taking staffers from other hospitals in the district on a temporary basis. \"Even the staffers of Malda district hospitals are being asked to work temporarily here. Some employees have been recruited on daily wage basis,\" said a senior professor on condition of anonymity.It has been learnt that principal Uchchhwal Bhadra has already urged the state government to appoint required number of employees in the college. It's anticipated that if the prevalent guideline of MCI is not adhered to, MMCH may again face MCI heat.Bhadra said: \"There's a staff crunch. We're trying to manage it by taking up additional duties. State government has been informed about the vacancies and we hope that the crisis will be over soon.\" Regarding Rashid's additional charge of accountant, he said, \"It's our internal issue. Now, superintendent of Malda district hospital H Ari is helping us with his staffers. The issue will be resolved soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15426697", "title": "Alumni, friends enlisted to teach", "text": "MUMBAI: Several school principals in the city have worked out innovative ways to overcome the problem of teaching vacancies. With no help coming from the state, they have enlisted alumni and volunteers to take classes.At Khar's Kamala High School, principal Rekha Shahani has got the alumni, retired teachers, even friends to bail her out. Her school is short of seven teachers this year. To ensure that students do not suffer, she has brought in \"visiting teachers\" and directed the regular staff to chip in with additional lectures.\"We are facing a major problem,\" says Shahani. Her teachers' days, she explains, are crammed; they no longer get breaks between classes and have to work even when sick. \"Some of our retired teachers and friends, such as a customs officer, are taking classes. Our former students are helping pupils make notes,\" she says.At Anjuman-I-Islam School, several classes were cancelled through June since nine teachers retired when the last academic session ended. In July, the school hired as many teachers but all of them are working without pay.\"It was criminal to walk by a class without a teacher. The state did not send new teachers, so we hired a few. Although we have convinced them to work without pay, there is insecurity among them,\" said principal Saba Patel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15427760", "title": "Mirchi Bazaar bridge to finally go over railway tracks", "text": "NAGPUR: After a wait of months, the railway ministry has finally approved the proposal to lease the land needed for construction of Itwari railway overbridge (RoB) to Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC). The proposal was sent to SECR on August 17, 2011.The project has been taken up under Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM). It was slated to be completed by February 2010. However, due to various reasons, primarily delay by railways in granting requisite clearances, it is stuck.NMC has completed the retaining wall for the RoB from Itwari railway station end. The wall is 280 metre long. The work on footing of suspended portion of the bridge is also complete. The land on Mirchi Bazar side of the railway track belongs to railways. No work has been done on this side.Earlier, zonal head offices were empowered to decide on proposals to lease railway land to other agencies. However, a few months ago these powers were transferred to the railway ministry. As a result the proposal got delayed.City engineer SS Gaikwad told TOI that it would take at least a month to actually acquire the land. \"The proposal has reached SECR head office at Bilaspur. They will send it us. We will have to pay the money to SECR for the land. This proposal will have to be cleared by the standing committee,\" he explained.Deputy engineer DD Jambhulkar said that it would take nine months to complete the RoB after NMC gets possession of the land. \"Had the railways not delayed the proposal the bridge would have been completed last year.\"Last month, NMC had approached chief secretary JK Banthia to hasten up the clearance from the railway ministry. City engineer Gaikwad told Banthia about the inordinate delay by the ministry. The chief secretary immediately directed state transport secretary Shailesh Sharma to pursue the issue with the railway ministry. Efforts by the state government bore fruit and the railways cleared the proposal in a fortnight.The existing two-lane Itwari RoB was built during British times. At that time there was not much traffic on it. However, with increase in population of the city as well as number of vehicles, the bridge witnesses traffic jams daily. The new bridge - to the west of the old one - is also a two-lane structure. When it is completed the two RoBs will provide a four lane transit across the Mumbai-Howrah railway line.Due to delay in completion of works the project cost has almost doubled. NMC's share in the project has increased from Rs2.7 crore to Rs15.7 crore as state and central governments do not bear the price escalation cost of JNNURM projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15431903", "title": "Sharad Pawar slams Joshi's remark that he can unify NDA", "text": "NEW DELHI: Sharad Pawar has termed as \"highly irresponsible\" a Shiv Sena leader's remark that the NCP leader has the political acumen to unify NDA and lead it to power in the 2014 general elections.The NCP supremo said his party has been with Congress through thick and thin.\"The statement made by (Sena leader Manohar) Joshi as regards NCP and me is highly irresponsible. If Joshi has to make any predictions, he should do them about himself and his party Shiv Sena and should not make remarks spreading misunderstanding about other parties,\" Pawar said.The statement of Joshi, a former Lok Sabha Speaker, had come against the backdrop of BJP leader L K Advani's prediction of a non-BJP and non-Congress Prime Minister after the next parliamentary elections.It had also come at a time when Congress and NCP have arrived at a truce after Pawar had threatened to pull out of UPA government and support it from outside till the 2014 polls.Noting that NCP and Congress are in alliance in Maharashtra since 1999, he said the tie-up was still going strong.\"We are the people who keep their word. In coalition politics, credibility and coalition dharma is of utmost importance. Our conduct has always been in keeping with that. In such a backdrop, the statement made by Joshi does not reflect reality but his illusions.\"Workers of both the parties in the alliance needed to be alert against such attempts to spread misunderstanding,\" he said.Joshi had reportedly indicated the \"patch-up\" between Congress and NCP would not last long, and Pawar might come to the NDA fold before the next elections.\"If the first Marathi Manoos makes it to the Prime minister?s post, my party chief and I will certainly be very happy.\"The Shiv Sena chief had also supported UPA candidate Pratibha Patil during the 2007 presidential elections, as she was Marathi Manoos. Pawar can bring together different parties against Congress,\" he had said.\"Pawar has all the abilities to become prime minister, but he has not been exploiting these,\" Joshi had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15426830", "title": "Administration starts integrated helpline trials", "text": "NOIDA: The Noida Authority and the Gautam Budh Nagar district administration have started the trials for the single integrated helpline number that was approved at the Authority's recent board meeting. The Emergency Response Centre (ERC) will become fully functional from August 15. Inspired by the single integrated helpline systems aboard, the Authority and the administration decided to offer a similar service for residents of Noida whereby they will be able to call a central number for all kinds of emergencies.A centralized call centre has been developed within the district hospital in Sector 30 and all calls made to the helpline will be taken by trained employees at the call centre. The centre will then forward calls to the appropriate department.While the landline number 0120-2479001 is being used as the central number for the trial run, they will soon finalize an official helpline number to which residents can make the distress calls. The ERC is a coordinated effort of the police, the fire department, the Authority, the administration and the district hospital.\"The call centre will be equipped with hunting lines and looked after by a 10-member team,\" said Sanjiv Saran, CEO, Noida Authority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "barasat", "code": "15427449", "title": "Mob fury outside Lokenath temple", "text": "BARASAT: An attempt by devotees to steal coconuts and a police lathicharge triggered violence outside the famous Lokenath temple at Chakla in North 24-Parganas on Thursday when thousands had gathered for Janmashtami.Four pilgrims and three policemen were injured in the clashes and some police vehicles set on fire.Chakla Dham is famed as the birthplace of Lokenath Baba. For the past three days, there was a heavy rush of devotees in view of Janmashtami. Around 6.30am on Thursday, a quarrel broke out in the locality when some devotees sneaked into a house next to the temple to steal coconuts. The house owner objected but the devotees went on gathering coconuts forcibly. Soon, local residents joined the house owner and a scuffle ensued.Policemen posted at the temple rushed to break up the fight but instead of persuading the two groups, they allegedly beat them with lathis. Two devotees were injured and taken to hospital. A mob quickly gathered and attacked the policemen. Angry devotees hurled stones at the policemen, injuring three of them. A police jeep and a motorbike parked on the temple premises were torched.A large contingent of police, led by the Barasat additional SP, finally regained control of the street. Firemen doused the flames but the vehicles were gutted. Police blamed some \"drunken devotees\" for the violence. \"Some drunken people attacked us deliberately after creating a ruckus. They fled soon after sparking off the violence. All the injured were taken to the Barasat district hospital,. We are conducting raids to nab the culprits,\" a police officer said. A large contingent of police, including RAF, has been deployed in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15427999", "title": "Saudi ambassador party to bomb blast compensation case", "text": "KOCHI: The Kerala high court on Thursday ordered for making Saudi ambassador to India a party in a case seeking compensation for a Malayali who died in a bomb blast at Riyadh in 1985.Considering a petition by Margaret D'cruz from Thoppumpady, wife of the deceased Wilfred D'cruz, Justice B P Ray ordered for making the ambassador a party in the case and continue with the proceedingsin the compensation case.The court's order was after the petitioner's counsel A X Varghese highlighted that the case cannot go on without making him a party as efforts by the Centre to make Saudi pay compensation haven't been fruitful. When the case came up for hearing on December 7, the court had ruled that the Centre is liable to pay compensation for citizens who get killed abroad in terrorist attacks if the government of the country where citizens die is not willing to pay compensation.The court ordered the Centre to pay compensation after the Saudi government of Saudi Arabia failed to investigate and prosecute the terrorists, which blocked the possibility of compensation for the victim. According to Saudi law, the blood money has to be paid by the perpetrator of the crime. Thus, if the accused is not arrested, the victim won't get any payment.Margaret had sought an order asking the Centre to raise a claim before the International Court of Justice or pay compensation for her deceased husband. Margaret's husband was killed in a bomb blast at Riyad in Saudi Arabia in May 1985 while returning from work. Even though an investigation was ordered by the Saudi government, the terrorists behind the blast were not caught or prosecuted.In the petition, Margaret had alleged that the Saudi government failed in nabbing the terrorists or prosecuting them.When Margaret approached the ministry of external affairs earlier, her claim for compensation was rejected stating that the government doesn't have funds to compensate victims of terrorism abroad. Overruling the Centre's contentions, Justice Ray had ruled that \"It is the bounden duty of the Union of India to compensate and repair the injury suffered by an Indian citizen while working abroad.\"The court ordered that as per the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, everyone has a right to life. Further, Constitution guarantees the fundamental right to life of the citizens. Since this court is the guardian and protector of the fundamental rights of the citizen, it cannot be a silent spectator when the fundamental right of life of the citizen is trampled upon. , the court had observed in the judgement.Along with ordering for compensation, the court asked the central government to provide the blood money at the earliest, noting that two and a half decades has passed and the legal heirs are yet to get any solace.The Kerala High Court on Thursday ordered for making Saudi ambassador to India a party in a case seeking compensation for a Malayali who died in a bomb blast at Riyadh in 1985.Considering a petition by Margaret D'cruz from Thoppumpady, wife of the deceased Wilfred D'cruz, Justice BP Ray ordered for making the ambassador a party in the case and continue with the proceedings in the compensation case.The court's order was after the petitioner's counsel AX Varghese highlighted that the case cannot go on without making him a party as efforts by the central government to make Saudi pay compensation haven't been fruitful.When the case came up for hearing on December 7, the court had ruled that the central government is liable to pay compensation for citizens who get killed abroad in terrorist attacks if the government of the country where citizens die is not willing to pay compensation.The court ordered central government to pay compensation after the government of Saudi Arabia failed to investigate and prosecute the terrorists, which blocked the possibility of compensation for the victim. According to Saudi law, the blood money has to be paid by the perpetrator of the crime. Thus, if the accused is not arrested, the victim won't get any payment.Margaret had sought an order asking the central government to raise a claim before the International Court of Justice or pay compensation for her deceased husband.Margaret's husband was killed in a bomb blast at Riyad in Saudi Arabia in May 1985 while returning from work. Even though an investigation was ordered by the Saudi government, the terrorists behind the blast were not caught or prosecuted.In the petition, Margaret had alleged that Saudi government failed in nabbing the terrorists or prosecuting them. When she approached Ministry of External Affairs earlier, her claim for compensation was rejected stating the government doesn't have funds to compensate victims of terrorism abroad.Overruling central government's contentions, Justice Ray had ruled that \"It is the bounden duty of the Union of India to compensate and repair the injury suffered by an Indian citizen while working abroad.\"The court ordered that as per the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, everyone has a right to life. Further, Constitution guarantees the fundamental right to the life of the citizens. Since this court is the guardian and protector of fundamental right of the citizen, it cannot be a silent spectator when fundamental right of life of the citizen is trampled upon, the court had observed in the judgement.Along with ordering for compensation, the court asked the central government to provide the blood money at the earliest, noting that two and a half decades has passed and the legal heirs are yet to get any solace.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15429744", "title": "Pro-veg campaign gets support", "text": "HUBLI: The greatness of a nation and its moral progress can be judged by the way its animals are treated,' so said Mahatma Gandhi . To ensure that, People for Animal Liberation (PAL), an NGO fighting against non-vegetarianism, has been organizing Vegetarian Day on August 9 every year. The day is historically significant as the Father of Nation declared 'Quit India' movement in 1942.As part of Vegetarian Day campaign, hundreds of PAL activists, including students, staged a demonstration at Dharmaveer Sambhaji Circle here on Thursday, wearing masks of different animals and birds. Such demos were simultaneously organized at different parts of the country, with the state campaign being held here. Holding placards and signboards, activists raised slogans on vegetarianism. Volunteer Suma Hulbatte said: \"Animals also have the right to live, and it's unfair slaughtering them.\" Several Jain community leaders like Raju Doddannavar, Rajendra Jain and others were present.PAL (India) was formed two years ago in Jaipur (Rajasthan) to promote animal rights around the world. Within a short period, it gathered a wide network of volunteers and activists from across the nation. Being an animal rights organization, PAL has also been involved in educating people through plays, demonstrations and awareness programmes. The programme launched through social media is gaining worldwide support. PAL co-ordinator Sudharm Mudalgi said using animals as a food and for entertainment, clothing and experiments is nothing but abuse. \"They should be treated with respect, and should never be exploited. PAL works on a simple principle that animals too have right to live,\" he said.Sudharm said human body is meant for vegetarian food, and having non-vegetarian is against the nature.\"The body structure of non-vegetarian animals is completely different in terms of teeth, nails, digestion mechanism, etc. According to the findings of World Health Organization , non-veg food causes heart-related diseases, cancer and cholesterol,\" he added.\"Of late, many sportspersons, doctors, models and film stars are turning vegetarians. In America, around one million people have shunned non-veg food. In England, around 2,000 turn pure vegetarians every week,\" Rajendran told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "15429412", "title": "Arunachal governor reviews Greenfield Airport project", "text": "Itanagar: Arunachal Pradesh Governor General (Retd) J J Singh reviewed the progress on the Greenfield Airport project at Hollongi near here on Wednesday. Civil aviation commissioner Tape Bagra briefed the governor about the action taken for construction of the airport, a project under the Prime Minister's special economic package to the state, sources said.The governor advised the commissioner and his department to take necessary steps to complete the project at the earliest. He expressed unhappiness on the delay in completion of one of the vital infrastructure projects of the state.Emphasizing its importance for the people of the state, especially during medical emergencies, Singh urged all concerned to address the issues related to the project first. The governor also advised the officials to ensure that the local population affected by the project is given appropriate compensation as per rules. He added that he would closely monitor the progress of the project.Earlier, Bagra apprised Singh of the challenges in the implementation of the project and the steps taken for the early restoration of the regular helicopter services to ameliorate the air connectivity between Guwahati and Itanagar and other areas too, sources added. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15427379", "title": "Micro units demand space in Small Industries Development Corporation", "text": "COIMBATORE: While Small Industries Development Corporation (SIDCO) is in the process of acquiring more land to construct another industrial estate in Coimbatore, micro industries in the region are demanding that 60% of the space be allocated to them.SIDCO already has an 88-acre industrial estate at Kurichi and a 36-acre facility at Malumichampatti. The corporation is in the process of identifying an additional 54 acres of land. Recently, officials inspected the land in Madukkarai, which they had identified for acquisition almost eight years ago.Speaking to TOI, S Ravi Kumar, president of Coimbatore Tirupur District Micro and Cottage Entrepreneurs' Association said that a new industrial estate would be a great benefit for industries in Coimbatore. More importance should be given to the micro industries which form a large chunk of the industrial sector besides supporting many of the larger industries, he said.\"There are more than 30,000 micro units that support nearly 4 lakh employees.The plans for another estate would only encourage more micro units and help boost industrial growth. But for this to happen, the corporation should adopt a friendly policy,\" said Ravi Kumar.As per the plans, at least 15 cents of land is required to set up a micro unit. However, the rates fixed by the corporation do not make it affordable for the entrepreneur. If he is allowed to start a unit in lesser space, then more people will come forward, feels Ravi Kumar. As of now, most of the industries in the region are scattered. However, if upcoming industries can be established within the estate, it would help boost economic growth. There are two industrial estates in the south, so the corporation should look at establishing the new estate in a different area like Sathy Road, Mettupalayam or Avinashi, he added.Most of the micro units in Coimbatore are established in a very small space of less than two cents in residential and busy areas in the city, said J James, president of Tamil Nadu Association of Cottage and Tiny Industries. Many are in a crisis due to power cuts, inability to follow pollution control norms and lack of support from banks. \"Considering the current land price, starting a new unit away from the city is also not viable. The corporation should allow more units to come up in the estate, besides providing them support,\" he said.When contacted, V Saravanabava, branch manager, SIDCO, said that the process of acquisition is not yet over and once the land is approved for the estate, issues of allocation would be considered. There are about 42 micro units in the existing facilities and the corporation would have to follow the rules and regulations before making any decisions regarding the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15426428", "title": "Festivities hit drive against tinted glass in vehicles", "text": "INDORE: Despite Supreme Court's instructions for strict action against cars using tinted glasses beyond permissible limits, the police department is yet to launch an intensive campaign. So far, they have taken action against only two dozen vehicles.When contacted, Dr Ashish, SP, Indore, said, \"Under the Motor Vehicle Act, there is a provision of imposing fine against the car owners using black films on their glasses in violation of the norms. We have been taking action against the car owners and the drive will be intensified soon.\"Anjana Tiwari, ASP, traffic, Indore, said, \"We are ready with our strategy. But we are waiting for the festivities to get over before we start the drive against the four-wheelers using black films on their glasses. We have already put up hoardings at various places in the city so as to create awareness among the vehicle owners.\"Pradeep Singh Chauhan, DSP, traffic, said, \"We have already taken action against 24 vehicles for using tinted glasses.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "15429129", "title": "NPU rejects proposal to hike BEd college fees", "text": "Daltonganj: Nilamber Pitamber University (NPU) has rejected the proposal of its four affiliated Bachelor of Education (B.Ed) colleges in Palamu and Garhwa districts to hike the admission fees for the session 2012-2013.The registrar of NPU, Prakash Kumar Verma, said the four colleges viz. Anand Shanker Rotary B.Ed College in Chainpur, Sahdev Chandravanshi College of Education at Vishrampur (both in Palamu district), Indra Singh college of education and Tetri Chandravanshi College of Education in Garhwa had sent a proposal to the university demanding that the fees for admission to B.Ed courses for the session 2012-2013 be raised and fixed at Rs.76,000 per student.Verma said the fee structure, till date, varied between Rs 42,000 and Rs. 46,000 per student. The colleges' wish to hike it to Rs 76,000 was not welcomed by NPU as it would create a lot of pressure on the students seeking admission and might discourage them from taking up the course. The vice-chancellor of NPU, Firoz Ahmad, outright rejected the proposal and put an embargo to desist the colleges from making a fee hike till the state government sends its directive in this regard.Asked if any student had to actually cough up Rs76,000 at the time of admission into any of these four colleges, the registrar, quoting the VC, said such candidates were free to approach the university and register their complaints which would be looked into and the excess amount, if at all taken, would be refunded to those candidates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15431781", "title": "Emraan, Vidya to shoot with secret cameras", "text": "The director Rajkumar Gupta of Ghanchakkar plans to shoot his lead pair Emraan Hashmi and Vidya Balan in busy areas of South Mumbai with secret cameras. Such locational liberties with two of the most popular stars in places like Worli, Nariman Point, Colaba and Fort, appears potentially dangerously.Laughs Gupta, \"It is suicidal. I plan to shoot with them in South Mumbai from the second week of September with secret cameras. But I can't predict how secret Emraan and Vidya's impromptu presence on the crowded streets and sites of South Mumbai can be. While we are shooting in relatively quiet spots of Mumbai in August during the rains the September schedule is a b**ch.\" Emraan and Vidya need substantial workshop training to face the camera as a loud boisterous Punjabi couple.Says Gupta, \"They play characters they've never played before. It a challenge to them as much to them. I am sure Emraan will accommodate us as much as possible.\"Freshly joining the Ghanchakkar cast are Rajesh Sharma who played the helpful cop in Gupta's No One Killed Jessica, and Namit Das the bright young actor who played Ranbir Kapoor's pal in Wake Up Sid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15427722", "title": "Mahyco banned from selling Bt cotton seeds in Maharashtra", "text": "NAGPUR: The office of Director of Inputs and Quality Control (DIQC) under state agriculture ministry has banned Mahyco Monsanto Biotech (MMB) from selling Bt cotton seeds in the entire state. The Pune-based DIQC is the licensing authority for seeds sale.\"There were a lot of complaints against Mahyco, particularly for creating artificial shortage, failure to distribute seeds as per prior booking, leading to unrest among cotton farmers,\" state agriculture commissioner Umakant Dangat told TOI on Thursday. Confirming the ban order was issued against the company for an indefinite period by DIQC on Wednesday, he said he had not received any appeal against the order from Mahyco. Dangat ruled out any hardship to farmers in the state as there were several other private players selling Bt cotton seeds in the market.DIQC Sudam Adsule imposed the ban under the provisions of Maharashtra Cotton Act 2009, restraining the company from all trade activities. MMB has also been warned that any violation of the order would attract criminal action.The state government has also filed caveats in Bombay high court benches in this regard. \"We have given fair chance to the company after it was found that MMB was involved in unfair trade practices. So action was taken against it and there is no question of revoking it,\" Adsule stressed.Welcoming the ban, Kishore Tiwari of Vidarbha Jan Andolan Samiti said Bt cotton seeds were primarily responsible for the suicides among farmers in Vidarbha since 2005. \"We demand all other 28 companies sub-licensed by MMB should also be banned, as this would help replace the capital intensive Bt seeds with traditional Indian cotton seeds,\" said Tiwari.Regular cotton varieties cost much less and the crop is ready for plucking in just 150-160 days, whereas Bt varieties take around 180-200 days, and need more costly fertilizers, pesticides and other nutrients.Last month, state agriculture minister Radhakrishnna Vikhe Patil had informed the state legislative assembly that there are many complaints from cotton growers that MMB was cheating farmers by supplying substandard seeds and was involved in black-marketing of seeds by creating official shortage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "delhi", "code": "15427544", "title": "Centre rules out Naxal links in Maruti plant violence", "text": "DELHI: The Centre on Thursday ruled out involvement of Maoists in July 18 violence in Maruti's Manesar plant that claimed the life of a senior executive.A top Home Ministry official said this conclusion has come after a probe looked into all angles, including the possibility of a Maoist link to the violence.\"There was no Maoist link to the violence in Maruti plant,\" the official said. The inquiry was ordered after Maruti described the violence as a \"class attack\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15426705", "title": "Janmashtami celebrated in Bhubaneswar", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Janmashtami was celebrated with religious fervour here on Thursday. Most people either fasted or went on a pure vegetarian diet that was free from onions and garlic.Many people visited the Isckon temple, where a three-day festival kicked off to celebrate the auspicious occasion. \"On Thursday, people visited the temple for darshan. On the second day, they will fast. On the third day, Isckon founder Prabhupada's birthday will be celebrated,\" a temple spokesperson said. Cultural programmes and religious discourses will be part of celebrations during these days, he said.Other temples also saw huge crowds. Many families had also decked up their houses with colourful lights to celebrate the day. Educational institutions and government offices remained shut for the festival. Some schools also celebrated the day by organizing spiritual and cultural events.Around 200 students and their parents took part in the celebrations at Shreekrishna International School here. Around 50 students took part in a fancy dress competition where they had to dress up like Krishna and Radha. Janmashtami was also celebrated at the Jagannath temple in Puri besides other parts of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15431807", "title": "Varun Sandesh\u2019s film progressing at RFC", "text": "Varun Sandesh and Nisha Agarwal's new movie is currently progressing at Ramoji Film City in Hyderabad. The youthful entertainer is directed by P. Bhanu Shankar and jointly produced by Pattikonda Arpita, Kishore and Kiran under Sri Kumaraswamy productions banner.The unit is currently filming a song 'Sonare Sonare Sirimalle Vana' on Varun and Nisha Agarwal in a specially erected set in RFC under the supervision of choreographer Swarna. In fact, the song happens to be heroine's introduction song in the movie and the unit would wrap up this number by next week.Other prominent cast includes Suman, Ali, Brahmanandam, MS.Narayana, Mumaith Khan, etc. Ravi Varma is scoring music. Sandesh and Nisha earlier shared screen space in the romantic entertainer \"Yemaindhi Ee Vela\", directed by Sampath Nandi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15428468", "title": "Mumbai\u2019s biggest slum redevelopment plan gets going", "text": "MUMBAI: The largest slum redevelopment scheme in Mumbai\u2014and possibly in India\u2014is underway in the island city. Omkar Realty and Developers Pvt Ltd has tied up with Larsen and Toubro Realty, a subsidiary of L&T;, to develop a Rs 7,000 crore-plus residential project spread over a 17-acre slum sprawl in Bhoiwada, Parel.L&T;, which is the majority partner, will design, construct and market the high-end luxury apartments with Omkar. The project will have 1,200 apartments spread over 3 million square feet in six towers, each 40-60 floors tall. Flats in this area are currently quoted at approximately Rs 15,000 a sq ft.Omkar, which bagged the slum project, will rehabilitate slum dwellers residing in about 4,000 shanties free of cost in 269 sq ft (carpet area) flats in nine to ten buildings of 23 floors. With a floor space index of over 3 available in slum schemes, the plot has a developable space of over 5 million sq ft.Under the slum redevelopment scheme, a developer can use the balance area to construct buildings to sell in the open market.S D Corporation, a joint venture company of hotelier Dilip Thakkar and construction major Shapooji Pallonji, had eight years ago undertaken a slum scheme spread across 13 acres. The developer has constructed two 60-storey luxury towers, The Imperial, from the free sale component.In the Bhoiwada project, one million sq ft will be used for rehabilitation while the balance area will be used for free sale by the two companies.Babulal Varma, managing director of Omkar, confirmed the joint venture but refused to elaborate on the revenue sharing agreement. Shrikant Varma, managing director of L&T; Realty, refused to comment on the first venture by the company in the Mumbai property market. The JV was signed recently after almost a year of negotiations.Sources close to the development say L&T; has invested around Rs 500 crore in the Parel project. Incidentally, L&T; is also the contractor appointed by Omkar to construct slum rehab buildings at Bhoiwada. The construction agreement worth Rs 174 crore was signed in 2011. The construction major, for the first time, is using pre-cast technology normally used for ground-plus-three-level structures to construct high-rise buildings of 23 floors.Omkar has bagged rights to redevelop 10,000 hutments spread across 20 acres in Malad. The company has raised a debt of about Rs 2,000 crore to finance construction of almost 5.5 million sq ft at its Worli and Malad project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-10"}
