{"city": "None", "code": "14035738", "title": "Maharashtra Times comes to Nagpur", "text": "The wait is finally over. Maharashtra Times, the premier Marathi daily from the Times Group, will hit the stands in the second capital of Maharashtra from Tuesday, June 12.This is the fifth halt for the paper in Maharashtra. In Mumbai it has completed a glorious half-century and is now the leading daily. In just over a year, Pune, Nashik and Aurangabad have got addicted to the paper. By beginning the edition in Nagpur, we hope that readers 'Move Up In Life' with Maharashtra Times.Watch out for the daily special pullout - Nagpur Times. It showcases the best city reports and also includes all the juicy masala from Bollywood , how the city is partying and celebrating, and a wide range of feature stories.As its jingle goes, Maharashtra Times is not just a newspaper but your friend, one that will cheer you up every morning.A special launch function will be held on Tuesday where Bharatiya Janata Party's national president Nitin Gadkari and, RPI leader and poet Yashwant Manohar are the chief guests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14039437", "title": "Chaos as bags go missing for hours at airport", "text": "MUMBAI: Many passengers who flew in from Jeddah to Mumbai on Monday morning by a Saudi Arabian airlines flight found their bags missing for many hours.Saudi flight 744, packed mainly with pilgrims, landed at 8.30 am. Amit Gokhale, a passenger said, \"There were about 500 passengers and after the aircraft landed, there was chaos at the airport. Many had checked in holy water, zamzam, and the conveyor belt packed with these plastic containers stalled every few minutes.''\"My wife and I checked in four bags, but I found only two. I found my last bag after two-and-a-half-hours,'' he said.A Saudia spokesperson was not available for comment.Kunal Guha, another passenger, lost two bags.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "14042889", "title": "Liquor bottles worth 31K seized in Rajkot", "text": "RAJKOT: Liquor bottles worth Rs 31,500 was seized from a car at Bhavani Chowk on Jangaleshwer main road on Sunday night. Police arrested a bootlegger in this regard.Police said they got a tip-off about the scheduled arrival of the liquor consignment in the car following which the seizure was made.\"We intercepted the car after keeping a watch at Bhavani Chowk. The car with a 'Press' sign contained 105 bottles of different types of IMFL, totaling to Rs 31,500. We arrested the driver identified as Sarfaraz Chauhan, 25, a bootlegger, who also drives an autorickshaw,\" said an official of Bhaktinagar police station, which has registered the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14050856", "title": "Railway employee commits suicide", "text": "CHENNAI: A 40-year-old railway employee committed suicide in his house in railway quarters in ICF (Integral Coach Factory) on Monday. Police suspect Ganesan ended his life because his wife had divorced him recently. Ganesan, they said, was depressed for the last two weeks and didn't speak to his neighbours or to his office colleagues. When neighbours peeped into the house, as it was locked since Sunday night, they found him hanging from the ceiling. ICF police have registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "14042287", "title": "CCTV footage helps nab militants who planted grenade at RIMS", "text": "IMPHAL: Two militants who had planted a hand grenade in the administrative block of the Regional Institute of Medical Sciences (RIMS) in Imphal in April this year were arrested after an in-depth study of the video captured by the close circuit television (CCTV) camera affixed in the building.The information about the arrest of the two militants was disclosed by RIMS director S Sekharjit Singh on Monday. He said the need of the hour is to make the institute, which is fast growing in all spheres, a violence-free zone.On April 23, a hand grenade was recovered from the institute. Some unidentified persons had placed the grenade, wrapped in a polythene bag, at the entrance gate of the administrative block.\"At that time, we had rushed to the spot as soon as we received the report and safely retrieved the hand grenade,\" officer in-charge of Lamphel police station N Ingocha Singh said.After learning that a CCTV camera was affixed at the spot, police retrieved the footage recorded by it at the relevant time. The footage was viewed by a team of police and commando officers to ascertain the identity of the culprits, he said.\"One official could vaguely identify one of the two culprits who placed the grenade and the individual was picked up from his Kongba Uchekon residence on the afternoon of April 28 for interrogation,\" Ingocha said.\"The arrested rebel initially denied having planted the grenade, but when the footage was shown to him, he later admitted to the crime. His interrogation helped lead us to the other rebel, who was arrested from his Lamambung Makhong residence close to RIMS hospital recently,\" the police officer said.The two admitted that they were engaged by an outfit to place the grenade as the RIMS authorities had not reserved a certain quota for them in the recruitment of nurses at the institute, Ingocha Singh said, adding that the two are now lodged in prison.\"It was the joint effort of my superior sub-divisional police officer, Lamphel, me and a few commando officers to arrest the two cadres through a prolonged study of the CCTV camera footage,\" Ingocha said.There have been earlier instances of grenade hurling and even bomb explosions on the RIMS premises by rebels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14036690", "title": "Government doctor caught taking bribe", "text": "NAGPUR: A government doctor was trapped red-handed on Monday morning by the sleuths of the state Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) at the dispensary of the ministerial staff quarters at Ravi Nagar while allegedly accepting a bribe of Rs 1,200. The dispensary is an extension of Indira Gandhi Government Medical College and Hospital.Accused Dr Nilima V Tadas, a post-graduate in Ayurvedic medicine and surgery is a Class II officer, had demanded the bribe amount from Ashok Sharma, chief general manager, Forest Development Corporation of Maharashtra (FDCM) Ltd. Sharma, an Indian Forest Service (IFS) officer, is of the rank of additional principal chief conservator of forest. Dr Tadas was demanding 10% of the amount of the medical bill of around Rs 12,800 submitted by Sharma for approval before sending it for reimbursement. Sharma had submitted the bills after having returned from a period of sick leave.There was much drama at the dispensary after Dr Tadas was trapped by additional superintendent of police, ACB, Vijay Chafle and inspector RT Bahadure and their team. A source said that Dr Tadas started leveling allegations of sexual harassment against the personnel from Sharma's office who was authorized on behalf of the senior forest official to hand over the bribe amount as a part of the trap. It also came to fore that Dr Tadas' son too threatened the forest department personnel of dire consequences. State ACB is also likely to lodge a complaint against Dr Tadas's son.A senior ACB official said that Dr Tadas's husband Shekhar N Kolhe too had rushed down to the dispensary after the trap. Dr Tadas also started complaining of ill-health. Two women constables were also taken by surprise when Dr Tadas is learnt to have bitten them as they grabbed her hand while taking bribe.Sharma's medical bills were delayed in 2008 too by Dr Tadas. Sharma had then convinced her to approve them. This time he approached state ACB after approval to his medical bills was delayed by Dr Tadas for want of bribe. \"Bribe at any level is inexcusable. It is beyond belief that even senior officials are not being spared,\" said Sharma.ACB, which searched the house of Dr Tadas at Pawan Bhoomi, has registered an offence at Ambazari police station. Dr Tadas was placed under arrest and would be produced before a court on Tuesday. It is also learnt that properties worth Rs 13.50 lakh were assessed during the search. Superintendent of police, state ACB, Sandeep Diwan also informed that the agency had sealed a locker belonging to the family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14041269", "title": "Special walking track for arthritis patients soon", "text": "VARANASI: Elderly people and those having problems of knee pain and arthritis can avail the opportunity of morning walk. A 400-metre walking track for such people is being built by Varanasi Nagar Nigam (VNN) at Shaheed Udyan Park in Sigra. The newly designed track is being built with sand, concrete and rubber planks.According to additional municipal commissioner Sachidanand Singh, the walkway is being constructed adjacent to the newly constructed concrete track for common people. \"The rubber and sand will exert less pressure on the knees of the walkers, thereby giving the senior citizen and arthritis patients a relief from pain, which is otherwise felt after a few minutes of walk,\" he added.This special track is the first of its kind in the city and is being built with a budget of Rs 20 lakh, which also includes construction and renovation of children's library and other structures in the park.\"The construction involves first filling the area with sand and concrete followed by further addition of sand and rubber planks,\" a construction worker Mohan Singh said.According to Ajay Kumar , a gardener, around 300 morning and evening walkers of all age group groups walk in the park daily.The existing track was not in a good condition until few months. Now, it had been renovated. The construction of the track for the elderly will be complete in 10-15 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14042495", "title": "Blending art with fashion", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In an effort to merge arts and fashion, students of Government Arts College, Sector 10, and pupils of Panjab University's fashion technology department will now exchange their lessons and notes each year. Unleashing creativity at their first-ever fashion photography workshop, the students of BSc (final year) at PU's Institute of Fashion Technology and Vocational Development learnt skills to add value to their ensembles.From creating backdrops of fashion shows, devising layouts and planning shoot with posses to arranging their ensembles on models, PU students along with pupils of Masters in Fine Arts at Arts College learnt tips of fashion photography to hone their skills.With collaboration all set to turn into an annual feature from academic session 2012-2013, the two institutes will conduct such creative workshops for students.\"The purpose was to bring together the two institutes and let students learn from one another. It would generate a sense of togetherness. The tie up has also brought about an interactive and interdisciplinary learning between the college and university department,\" says Prabhdip Brar, faculty member at the University Institute of Fashion Technology, and also an alumnus of Art College.\"The students were keen to grasp the basis of fashion photography. They got to know about the latest equipments in the field and how to showcase their designs in a better way. Creating a portfolio of their own will make them understand how to market their products,\" said Anand Sharma, assistant professor, Government Arts College, Sector 10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "ferozepur", "code": "14035689", "title": "Sex racket busted, Cong leader held in Punjab", "text": "FEROZEPUR: The police on Monday claimed to have busted a high-profile flesh trade racket in which eleven people, including youth Congress leader Malkiat Singh, have been arrested. Singh had unsuccessfully contested assembly polls against deputy chief minister Sukhbir Singh Badal from Jalalabad this year.SSP Hardial Singh Mann said there was specific information about the flesh trade taking place in some hotels. Five couples were apprehended from two separate hotels against whom a case has been registered under the Immoral Trafficking Prevention Act, 1956. Both hotels were situated in the high security cantonment area and in close proximity to the district courts and commissioner's office.Mann said three youths and five women , of which three were married with and two were minors, were also taken in.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14042758", "title": "Students in state may evaluate teachers soon", "text": "KOLKATA: It has been a standard norm that teachers will rate students. But now, if the West Bengal Higher Education Council has its way, the students will get a scope to register their views on the teachers' performance. The Council wants the state-aided universities and their affiliated colleges to introduce this system as a part of teacher evaluation.Council chairman Sugata Marjit, in his letter to vice-chancellors on May 23, had instructed the institutes of higher learning to take the initiative to optimize the existing teaching resources. He wants the VCs and senior teachers to take the lead role in introducing the system without delay. \"Deferring such initiative will reflect very poorly on our intention to make the system more accountable,\" the chairman said in the letter.The idea has been debated in Indian universities for over a decade. The University Grants Commission (UGC) floated the proposal as part of an objective assessment of teachers and work out indices for their self-development among others. However, the proposal has been staved so far based on apprehensions that it might lead to serious anomalies as students are not mature enough to judge the quality of teachers. Some teachers fear that in a highly unionized atmosphere students may give adverse ratings to teachers belonging to rival political affiliation.Marjit, however, doesn't buy this logic. Recounting his teaching experience in India and abroad, Marjit in his letter wrote how universities in the US and large parts of Europe and Asia have introduced the system. \"I am aware of the general reluctance among teachers in our country about this system. But the anxiety doesn't go well with the general experience. The margin of error in judging the teacher's ability by students should not be taken as an excuse to give the benefit of doubt to teachers alone,\" the chairman said.Marjit also ruled out chances of \"political victimization\". \"This is a lame excuse. I have many students who do not always subscribe to my views. But that does not prevent them from making a dispassionate assessment of my efforts in the classroom and accessibility outside,\" Marjit said. The Council has received suggestions from quite a few education experts, teachers and heads of institutions who want the system introduced in universities and colleges. \"I am not sure if the UGC made such a proposal earlier. I have made an appeal to the state institutions to give a serious thought to it. I believe that such a system would help creating a baseline of the basics of teaching that will enable teachers to hone their skills,\" Marjit said.One such proposal is to develop an evaluation form to be distributed among final-year students containing some basic questions. For instance, a student may be asked whether the teacher is a regular in classroom, whether he is accessible outside the classroom or how far the student has benefited from his lecture. \"The focus is on student welfare. The evaluation, though not ultimate, can throw light on the teacher's teaching ability that has not got due attention. The next step could be to utilise the data base in order to incentivise the teacher's output,\" the chairman said.The process has already found a mention in the Technical Education Quality Improvement Programme conducted in the engineering faculty of Jadavpur University. Some departments in arts faculty have also factored in this evaluation procedure, though not in the university as a whole. Jadavpur University Teachers' Association secretary Partha Biswas welcomed the move, with riders though. \"I believe that the system once introduced will help in the self-development of teachers. However, the parameters of the evaluation need to be objective and based on the given situation in universities and colleges,\" Biswas said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14038654", "title": "Stricter law for use of portable sonography machines notified", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The portable sonography machines, notorious for their use in illegal sex-determination tests on the sly by doctors, have come under the scanner. An amendment in the Pre-Conception Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques (PCPNDT) Act, 1994 and subsequent gazette notification says that a written approval will have to be taken from the appropriate authority if the portable machine has to be taken out of the registered centre.There are over 3,800 sonography machines all over the state of which 1,330 are portable. The portable machine is used for conducting an ultrasound test on patients who are immobile or those who cannot reach sonography centres. Its use, however, has become controversial with doctors using it on the sly, especially in rural areas, to carry out sex-determination test to make a quick buck.The illegitimate use of the portable sonography machine came to light following a recent sting operation carried out by the chief district health officer in Ahmedabad where Dr Hemang Shah and an agent Ashok Patel used the portable device for telling sex of the foetus.The machine was unregistered and was procured from agents in Haryana who supply illegal machines for sex-determination test.A notification has been issued to all the doctors using sonography machines, informing them about the amendment in the Act. \"The machines will now remain stationed at the registered centre. Those who have got their units registered as portable or mobile ultrasound centres, can re-apply for registration at a particular centre for the same machine as their registrations would be automatically cancelled after the amendment,\" said the official.While the amendment aims at regulating the use of portable sonography machines which play a big role in the dipping child sex ratio, it is meant only for registered users.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14036939", "title": "Sex determination test: Puneites help nab erring doctors", "text": "PUNE: Puneites have shown that when it comes to social causes, they can set an example. Of the 10 informers who were awarded Rs 25,000 each last year for helping the authorities nab a doctor or a sonography centre for doing sex determination test in the state, nine were from Pune.\"An informer who helps nab an erring doctor/sonography centre and helps file a criminal case against them is awarded Rs 25,000. Last year, 10 informers managed to do this in the state. Of them, nine were from Pune and one was from Amravati,\" S J Kulkarni, assistant director, state health services, told TOI on Monday.Kulkarni, however, refused to disclose the names of the informers or details pertaining to the search and seizure operations conducted with their help due to safety reasons.Sadly though, while the state was allocated Rs 25 lakh for 2011-12 for such awards, only one-tenth of the money was utilised. \"The state could spend only Rs 2.5 lakh in the entire year. People need come forward and help the authorities nab erring doctors and sonography centres,\" Kulkarni said.\"The Union government has again allocated Rs 25 lakh under the National Rural Health Mission for awarding informers in 2012-13. We hope that we will have more informers across the state this year who will help the authorities nab erring doctors and sonography centres,\" Kulkarni said.Since the inception of the Pre-Conception and Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques (PCPNDT) Act, the Pune Municipal Corporation has filed 41 criminal cases against doctors and sonography centres. \"This is the highest number of cases filed by any appropriate authority in the state. The fact that nine out of the 10 informers were from Pune also shows that Puneites lead the rest when it comes to a social cause,\" said medico-legal consultant Milind Salunkhe.This is one crime where the doctor doing the test is hand-in-glove with the persons getting the test done. So, there is little possibility of a complaint being filed. Hence, encouraging informers to come forward and awarding them duly for their contribution is a good idea to act against violators of the PCPNDT Act, experts in the field said.\"It is very difficult to get motivated individuals who will act as informers and decoys to nab erring doctors. The fact that nine informers were from Pune shows that the citizens here actively participate in issues pertaining to social cause. We wish more informers help us this year as well,\" said S T Pardeshi, medical officer of health, PMC.The state health department has also decided to seek help of NGOs attached to the government's reproductive child health (RCH) programme to conduct sting operations to expose doctors indulging in sex-determination practices. \"These NGOs have been working with the government officials for many years in spreading awareness about various aspects of reproductive health. A sum of Rs 25,000 will be given to a decoy case and Rs 25,000 to an informer, based on whose information charges are framed against an erring doctor,\" an official said.There are 29 mother NGOs attached with the RCH programme in the state. A total of 129 field NGOs work under the supervision of these mother NGOs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14050334", "title": "Prosenjit to play Rajiv Gandhi", "text": "After being lauded for his role as the suave, flirtatious but idealistic activist in Dibakar Bannerjee's Shanghai, Prosenjit will play Rajiv Gandhi in Shoojit Sircar's political thriller Jaffna.Prosenjit, who was in Lucknow on Sunday to wish family friend, Sahara's Subrata Roy, on his birthday, confirmed he had met Sircar and added, \"Shoojit has something in mind, which is very challenging for me as an actor. Shanghai is like a new beginning for me in Hindi cinema. The younger generation of Bollywood watchers has discovered me.\"The actor, who is very close to Mamata Bannerjee, will be showing her Shanghai this week. \"Mamata-di has seen my films and she loves them, specially Gautam Ghose's Moner Manush and Srijit Mukerjee's Autograph. I was sure I wanted her to see Shanghai. But I wanted to wait till the film was out to see how the audience reacted. I feel my role of an activist is very close to Mamata-di's heart. I can't wait for her to see it. I will arrange for her to watch it this week.\"Quizzed about being labelled the thinking woman's sex symbol, the actor said shyly, \"I don't know about the labels. But I feel I've been accepted in Mumbai for the first time. This is a very exciting phase in my career. On one end, I have an out-and-out commercial film Bikram Singha doing well in Bengali. On the other end, I've a serious-minded film like Shanghai in Hindi getting me recognition. I've also done television for the first time in ten years. It's a gameshow called Bangla Shera Parivar. \"We wonder if Mamata-di watches that too!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14040934", "title": "Give us time till December, school bus owners tell court", "text": "MUMBAI: The School Bus Owners' Association on Monday moved the Bombay high court for extension till December 31, 2012, to adhere to conditions for carrying school students. The court had earlier given them a deadline of April 30, 2012.Their plea for extension of time was made by the association's advocate V P Patil before a division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Nitin Jamdar. The hearing is scheduled for June 13, 2012.Earlier, the association had filed a public interest litigation challenging the School Bus Rules 2011. It complained that members are being harassed, permits are not being renewed and members issued notice by the Regional Transport Office to adhere to the March 22, 2011, general resolution which imposes several conditions for carrying school students. On March 30, 2012, the HC had granted extension of their permits by a month.Now, the association has moved an application for staying the School Bus Rules 2011 till December 31, 2012. \"Till today, School Bus Rules 2011 are not placed before the state legislature, which is mandatory under Section 212 (3) of the Motor Vehicles Act 1988. Therefore, it has no force of law,'' stated chairman Anil Garg in his affidavit.His affidavit states that the RTO's knowledge about school buses and vehicles is very limited. Garg also stated that the \"department is not up-to-date with knowledge of new technology, yet they inspect vehicles with latest technology''. Further, school buses run on CNG are environment-friendly as it is a clean fuel, he added.The School Bus Owners' Association wants one more extension to comply with norms for carrying school children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14039065", "title": "DDA may hold draw for 1981 Rohini scheme today", "text": "NEW DELHI: Tuesday may bring to end the three-decade-long wait of 25,000 people who had applied for plots under DDA's Rohini Residential Scheme, 1981.Abiding by the June 13 deadline set by the Delhi high court, the agency is all set to hold the draw for allotment of plots in Rohini's sectors 32 and 34-37 on Tuesday evening.\"We will try our best to allot as many plots as we can in the draw expected on Tuesday,\" said a senior DDA official who did not wish to be named.The 25,000 people are applicants for middle-income (MIG), low-income (LIG) and janta category plots of the proposed scheme. In March 2012, the high court had asked DDA to complete the process of development of the plots and their allotment by June 13. Many of these concessional plots are priced at a sixth of the market rate. The proposed per-square-foot price is Rs 16,000 for MIG, Rs 13,000 for LIG, and Rs 8,000 for janta categories.The aggrieved applicants, though, have their doubts about DDA's promise. \"They have time and again created hype and missed the deadline,\" said Rahul Gupta, who is leading the campaign for a draw. He added that the plots likely to be allotted on Tuesday were lying undeveloped.\"They lack basic civic amenities and are also facing litigation against their acquisition,\" he added.In 2006, DDA, after failing to give the land to applicants, had sought closure of the scheme citing scarcity of land as reason. In 2009, the applicants moved court and got relief after the division bench of chief justice Ajit Prakash Shah and justice S Muralidhar ordered DDA to allot plots to the registrants within 20 months, in two phases \u2014 16,000 in the first four months and the remaining 9,000 within 16 months thereafter.However, DDA missed both deadlines. In March 2012, acting chief justice AK Sikri and justice RS Endlaw pulled up the authority and ordered completion of the process by June 13. This time, the bench also directed Delhi Jal Board (DJB) and the Municipal Corporation of Delhi (MCD) to approve without delay schemes for water supply, sewerage and construction of storm water drains for these plots.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14041310", "title": "Foodgrain merchant killed in loot bid", "text": "VARANASI: Two masked miscreants killed a wholesale foodgrain merchant when they failed to loot cash from him near a bank on Hata Road under Mohammadabad police station in Ghazipur district on Monday. Angered by his killing, local traders closed their shops and blocked the road.Girdhari Kamlapuri (40), a resident of Yusufpurganj had his wholesale shop of foodgrains in Yusufpur Bazaar situated along Ghazipur-Allahabad highway. On Monday morning, he left the shop for a bank on Hata Road to deposit money with his nephew on a motorcycle. The cash was kept in a bag.When they reached close to the bank, two masked miscreants came on a motorcycle and intercepted them. They tried to snatch the bag. Girdhari did not allow them to take his bag and raised an alarm.On failing to loot the cash, the miscreants sprayed bullets on the merchant. Even after killing Girdhari on the spot, the miscreants failed to loot the money as his nephew managed to escape with the bag.The incident led to chaos in the market and the local traders came on the road after pulling down their shutters. The angry traders blocked the road and staged a demonstration. On receiving information, DIG Varanasi range, A Satish Ganesh reached the site. The traders agreed to call off the stir after the DIG assured that the miscreants would be arrested soon.Heroin recovered: The Dildarnagar police in Ghazipur district arrested three men carrying drugs in a car and recovered Rs 1.25kg of heroin valued at Rs 1.25 crore in the international market from their possession. Acting on a tip off, the police cordoned Bhaksi area where the car was stopped during the checking drive. The cops recovered heroin from the vehicle.Three persons sitting in the car were nabbed. They were identified as Arun Rai, Madhusudan and Pramod of Jamania area. During investigations, it came to light that Lucknow police are also looking for them in a case registered in 2008. The gang had procured heroin from Bihar-based smugglers for selling in east UP districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14037256", "title": "Activists oppose appointment of Ratnakar Gaikwad", "text": "MUMBAI: RTI activists have decided to file a public interest litigation against the state government on the process of selecting the state chief information commissioner. The move follows the appointment of Ratnakar Gaikwad, former state chief secretary, as the SCIC and activists feel that the state government needs to re-think its decision of having him at the helm of affairs.Gaikwad, who met RTI activists on Monday at his office, tried to calm frayed nerves; he told them that he never imagined that he would be appointed as the SCIC and that post retirement, he had plans to join a private firm. When activists raised the sticky issue of his role in issuing the occupation certificate for Adarsh, Gaikwad said that the final inquiry would make things clear and that he didn't want to elaborate on the issue. But he said that the navy had not stopped the MMRDA from issuing the OC.But most activists like Anil Galgali, Krishnaraj Rao, G R Vora, all felt that Gaikwad who had given them an audience was rather evasive in his responses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "14037111", "title": "MSRTC needs to be revamped: Sharad Pawar", "text": "AURANGABAD: Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar said on Monday that the Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) should be revamped to bring it out from the red.Pawar said, since the NCP was holding a 50% stake in the state government he would ask the chief minister to go for an overhaul of the state transport corporation. \"If the MSRTC doesn't have money for renewal and value addition, the government should provide 25% of the expense, while the rest be raised through bank loans,'' the NCP chief added.Pawar was speaking at the state level convention of Rashtriya ST Kamgar Congress, affiliated to the National Federation of Indian Trade Unions (NFITU), at the Aam Khas Maidan here on Monday. Pawar heads the NFITU.Pawar was in the city to inaugurate the convention as well as to unveil a statue of Babasaheb Ambedkar on the Babasaheb Ambedkar Marathwada University campus, along with governor K Shankaranarayanan.Referring to the incident of state transport driver Santosh Mane's murderous rampage in Pune on January 25, Pawar said, \"There is no need to make MSRTC staff, especially drivers and conductors, go through counselling sessions. You just have to pay them good salaries and everything will be alright.''Pawar also said that he would ask the authorities to do away with the junior-level scale for contract employees. \"The wages they get are lesser than what is prescribed in the Minimum Wages Act... Youngsters who joined the MSRTC at junior-level scale on a contract of five years deserved to be treated well. The meagre scale would demoralize them. You have to pay them well and then you will not have to conduct special counselling sessions for drivers and conductors,\" Pawar said.Regarding the demands of the union, Pawar said, \"Right now I cannot promise to meet all your demands. But I would ask the chief minister to convene a meeting within 15 days in my presence with the finance minister, transport minister and MSRTC officials and to discuss the demands raised by the union.\"He has also suggested that the state government appoint a pay commission for the MSRTC instead of deciding the employees' wages after negotiating with the union every four years.The agriculture minister also expressed concern over the delay in the arrival of monsoon. \"Farmers are ready for sowing and we hope to get good rains soon,\" he said.The president of the union and former minister Govindrao Adik and NCP ministers in the state government Babanrao Pachpute, Gulabrao Deokar, Fauzia Khan and Sachin Ahir were also present at the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14042835", "title": "Traders held for murder bid", "text": "KOLKATA: A feisty girl, who had volunteered to lead police on the right track to nab the Park Street rape accused, herself fell prey to a gang of molesters on Sunday night at a central Kolkata night club along with two friends.But unlike the last time, police acted quickly and arrested the three accused within hours of the incident.The detained trio - Harpreet Singh, Kunal Sabrewal and brother Manmindar Sabrewal - are small-time businessmen of central Kolkata. They have been booked for molestation and attempt to murder and were remanded in police custody on Monday.One of the girls, who could be a key witness in the Park Street case, suffered a severe injury after she was slammed into a glass facade during the fight at the night club.Police say that the brawl broke out around 11pm when the three girls were on the dance floor. Harpreet tried to dance with one of the girls but was spurned. Furious at being rejected, Harpreet misbehaved and molested the girl, say police.Soon friends of both the girl and the man joined the spat. The quarrel turned into a scuffle. The bouncers moved in and evicted all six of them but the problem did not end, say police.Outside the club, they again started quarreling and according to eyewitnesses, the men pushed one of the girls hard. She fell on a glass pane, which shattered and cut her in the right palm.After the injury, both warring groups chose to retreat and they left the place, say sources. But in light of the Park Street rape, the night club management decided not to take any risk and informed New Market police station.A police team rushed to the scene - barely 2km away - but found the street deserted, say officers. They noticed broken shrads of glass and other marks that indicated a brawl. After questioning the bar employees, police got specific clues that two of the girls were Park Street residents and the third a north Kolkata resident, while two of the men live on SN Banerjee Road.In the wee hours police tracked down the injured girl on her way to a private nursing home in central Kolkata. Through her, they traced the two other girls and brought the trio to New Market Police station.Meanwhile, another team of policemen picked up the Sabrewal brothers from their 86 SN Banerjee Road residence. Harpreet, who owns a motor parts shop on Prinsep Street, was picked up from his Picnic Garden home.The three men have been charged with attempt-to-murder and molestation under Sections 307 and 354 IPC.Problem broke out around 11 p.m. on the dancing floor of the night club. Three girls - two of them from Park Street area and another from Narkeldanga area went to the club and were dancing. Three youths - Harpreet Singh, Kunal Sabrewal and Manmindar Sabrewal - were also in the same night club.Probe revealed that suddenly", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14043110", "title": "State plans land use map for Rajarhat", "text": "KOLKATA: Exactly a year after dissolving the Bhangar Rajarhat Area Development Authority (BRADA), the state government has taken it upon itself to create a land use map of the area around Bhangar and Rajarhat to control the unchecked mushrooming of highrises that are being constructed without taking into consideration the public infrastructure. This was decided at a cabinet meeting in the state secretariat on Monday.\"There is a lot of land around Rajarhat and Bhangar that has been allotted to private parties. We suspect that there will be rampant construction in the area. We have no problem with that, but unplanned construction cannot be allowed. We will prepare a detailed land use map that will earmark the roads, drainage systems and public utility. Based on this map, the allotees can go ahead with their construction,\" a Writers' Buildings source in the government said.The land use map will be prepared by a committee set up for this purpose. The committee will comprise urban development minister Firhad Hakim, urban development secretary Debashis Sen and municipal affairs secretary Alapan Bandyopadhyay. According to sources, there was unchecked distribution of land in the area after the dissolution of BRADA. It took some time for the government to realise that the situation has not shown any improvement even after BRADA was dissolved and promoters still call the shots. Sources believe that the cabinet decision may finally end up in the creation of a body like the BRADA. Only, this one will be controlled by the Trinamool Congress instead of the CPM.The government took a decision to dissolve BRADA on May 31, 2011. It was then stated that the body was not functioning. It was then considered whether to hand over charge to Hidco. BRADA as it is had no control over the land and was primarily set up to formulate land usage. Unlike Hidco, BRADA had no control over land prices and a cottah of land that was barely worth Rs 20,000 till a few years ago changed hands recently for up to Rs 200,000.Records show that nearly 2,000 acres were sold under BRADA. The area under consideration is over 6,000 to 7,000 hectares. It comprises 15 mouzas of North 24-Parganas and nine in the South. Among the prominent locations is the Vedic Village.CM speak:\"I have decided to meet GJM representatives on June 14. I will also meet members of the civil society from the Hills on June 15,\" Mamata said.\"This is a routine meeting. I don't hold out much hope. There will be no sudden jump. Every time the media makes speculations and we have to return empty handed,\" Mamata said on Amit Mitra's meeting with Pranab Mukherjee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14036624", "title": "No-parking zone on Mall Road irks residents", "text": "KANPUR: Locals and shopkeepers are facing vehicle parking space crunch on Mall Road after it was declared a 'no parking zone'. The fresh initiative by Kanpur Municipal Commissioner to penalize owners, who park the vehicles on road, however, has led to resentment among the people.The ban on parking will also affect shopkeepers and hamper their business. Old structures do not have enough parking space so they are forced to park their vehicles on the road. Every home has one or more vehicles so this leads to space crunch. Locals are unhappy with district administration's decision.\"Most of the houses falling on this stretch have less space to accommodate vehicles so they are forced to park the vehicles on the road. Places like Narohna crossing, where there is no or very less parking space, it gets difficult to accommodate all vehicles inside home,\" said Badaruzaman, a senior citizen, residing in the area.The inhabitants now want the district authorities to give a solution to the problem and not aggravate it by penalizing vehicle owners.A shopkeeper on Mall road said that the new rule would ruin the business.\"They have to come up with alternate parking space before declaring Mall Road a no parking zone. Traders will have no space to park their own vehicles,\" he said.\"We are paying taxes and the authorities have failed to provide parking. We tried to talk to the municipal commissioner but he refused to listen to us? he lamented.A biryani seller on the Mall road said, \"It is shocking. The authorities should withdraw the plan. \"Nearly 100-200 vehicles are parked here during peak hours.\" When the road is one way, parking must be allowed on at least one side of the road, he added. \"Without providing adequate parking space, they declared it a no parking zone,\" said another shopkeeper. tnnVishal, a businessman in the area, said: \"First they declared it a no tempo zone and now no parking zone. This would only increase corruption by giving cops a chance to extort money from innocent people.\"\"Before declaring it a no parking zone, the administration should make proper arrangements for parking. When there is no other space for the parking, where will we park our vehicles,\" a commuter asked.Kanpur municipal commissioner said: \"This has been done for smooth flow of traffic and the drive will continue in the days to come. If people do not stop parking the vehicles at points where it is banned, we will be forced to take strict action,\" he warned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14031917", "title": "Apple announces iOS 6, MacBook with retina display at WWDC 2012", "text": "NEW DELHI: Apple has announced upgrade to its MacBook Pro and MacBook Air range of notebook computers with the launch of new models.It also took the wraps off its next generation operating systems, including Mountain Lion and the popular mobile OS iOS 6, at its 23rd annual developers' conference WWDC (World Wide Developers Conference).Earlier, Apple had been rumoured to be getting ready to shelve MacBook Air in some quarters. Instead, Apple made it airy and faster.The new notebooks will sport a new heart too. The MacBook Air will come with the latest Intel core processors, faster graphics and flash storage that is up to twice as fast as the previous generation. The presently available 13-inch and 15-inch MacBook Pro have been updated with the latest Intel quad core Ivy Bridge processors and graphics from Nvidia.In a bid to take on the new crop of ultrabooks from rivals, the new MacBook Air will also be lighter on the wallet after Apple knocked about $100 on the price tag across all models, except the entry-level model which will continue to be priced at $999.All models will come packed with much higher resolution, retina display and up to 60% faster graphics. The new MacBook Pro, for instance, will come with a pixel density of 2800 X 1800.Apple announced that its ninth generation OS X Mountain Lion will be available in July as a download from the Mac App Store. The company also unveiled iOS 6, introducing over 200 new features to the popular mobile OS. It released a beta version for the developers.iOS 6 will be available for iPhone, iPad and iPod touch users as a free software update around middle of September this year.New iOS 6 features include an all-new Maps app with Apple-designed cartography (thus dumping Google Maps as widely reported earlier), turn-by-turn navigation and an amazing new Flyover view; new Siri features, including support for more languages, easy access to sports scores, restaurant recommendations and movie listings.It also has Facebook integration for Contacts and Calendar, with the ability to post directly from Notification Center, Siri and Facebook-enabled apps like Photos, Safari and Maps, and Shared Photo Streams via iCloud. Interestingly, iPhone 4S' iconic voice assistant Siri will also be available for the new iPad, with added support for Spanish, Italian, Korean, Mandarin and Cantonese. Still no Hindi!Apple senior vice president Phil Schiller took centrestage at WWDC to showcase the new notebooks, after recognition mentions for the developers.The new 15-inch MacBook Pro has retina display, all flash storage (with this Apple moves away from the hard disks completely) and new quad core processor in a very thin and light frame. Measuring 0.71 inches and weighing 4.46 pounds, the new MacBook Pro will compete with Macbook Air!Apple claimed MacBook Pro retina display is the \"world's highest resolution notebook display\" with over 5 million pixels, 3 million more than an HD television. At 220 pixels-per-inch, the retina display's pixel density is so high that Apple claimed \"the human eye cannot distinguish individual pixels from a normal viewing distance\", thus promising the text and graphics will seem much sharper.Featuring a aluminum unibody design and all-flash drives for storage, the new MacBook Pro is the lightest MacBook Pro ever and nearly as thin as a MacBook Air. Flash storage that is up to four times faster than traditional notebook hard drives, enables the new MacBook Pro to play four simultaneous streams of uncompressed 1080p HD video from internal storage. The flash storage architecture also delivers improved reliability, instant-on responsiveness and 30 days of standby time.MacBook Pro with retina display features the latest Intel Core i7 quad-core processors up to 2.7 GHz with Turbo Boost speeds up to 3.7 GHz, NVIDIA GeForce GT 650M discrete graphics, up to 16GB of faster 1600 MHz RAM and flash storage up to 768GB. Two Thunderbolt and two USB 3.0 ports will allow Pro users to connect to multiple displays and devices, and a new HDMI port for connectivity to HDTVs.New MacBook Pro also features a FaceTime HD camera, glass multi-touch trackpad, full-size backlit keyboard, dual microphones, enhanced speakers, 3-stream 802.11n Wi-Fi and a thinner MagSafe 2 power port.Also, OS X Lion, iPhoto, iMovie, iTunes and other Apple apps including Aperture and Final Cut Pro X have been updated to take full advantage of the new MacBook Pro with retina display. The updated Aperture 3.3 also includes the new image adjustment features and now supports a unified photo library so photographers can move seamlessly between iPhoto and Aperture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14039812", "title": "Commerce a catch-all option for students at Lucknow University", "text": "LUCKNOW: The class XII results are out and number of applicants for undergraduate courses at Lucknow University and colleges are gradually swelling up. Initial trends show that there is a mad rush for admissions in 'commerce'. The university, till now, has received 3,320 application forms, of which 1,082 are for commerce. Last year, till June 7, the university had received 1,348 applications for commerce. And with two weeks to go for the sale of application forms, university officials believe that the number would surge further.LU admission coordinator Rajeev Pandey said, \"Craze for commerce is in vogue for the past two years. It's emerging as a catch-all option for the students, because it is a job-oriented course.\" In fact, the situation in the previous years was that the number of applicants far exceeded the number of seats. While demand for commerce is increasing, that of arts and science is decreasing. Like last year, the regular BA and BSc have taken a backseat. For instance, there are merely 416 applicants for BA, 566 in BSc (Mathematics) group, and 235 applications have come for BSc (Biology) group.In other professional subjects such as Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA) or Bachelor of Computer Applications (BCA), the university has got 142 and 125 forms respectively. The remaining two undergraduate courses, BA (Hons) and BCom (Hons) also do not seem to be luring the students. While 129 students have opted BA (Hons), 297 have showed interest to pursue BCom (Hons).The trend in city colleges is no different. Take for instance, National PG College, the only autonomous institution in the city. As many as 1,600 students have applied for BCom. \"More than 80% students opt for MBA after graduation, and studying commerce at UG level creates a perfect foundation,\" said Rakesh Jain, coordinator, admissions, National PG College. Only 300 applications have in for BA and 250 for BSc.In Jai Narain PG College, which has open doors for girls undergraduate courses too believe that commerce will outclass all other streams. Though the college will begin accepting the forms from June 11, but college principal, SD Sharma is confident about commerce ruling the roost. \"Seeing the last year trends, we are sure to get highest applications for commerce. \"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14039139", "title": "Ashok Gehlot unveils Rajesh Pilot's statue near Dausa", "text": "JAIPUR: Thousands of Gujjars braved blistering heat and dry weather as they assembled at Bhandana near Dausa for unveiling the statue of their late leader Rajesh Pilot on Monday. Coming from across Rajasthan, the Gujjars' strength surpassed the organisers' estimates about the number of people they were expecting for the event, as many were seen standing in the sun outside the tents erected on a field along the Jaipur-Agra national highway.Chief minister Ashok Gehlot unveiled Pilot's statue in the presence of Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda, Union minister and Congress's Rajasthan in-charge Mukul Wasnik, PCC chief Chandrabhan, Congress leader Rama Pilot and Union minister Sachin Pilot, among others. Pilot had died in a road accident near Bhandana on this day 12 years ago.In honour of the late Congress leader's memory, the chief minister announced to name the newly constructed government polytechnic college at Bhandana after Rajesh Pilot. Ministers Parsadi Lal Meena and Murari Lal Meena and local Gujjar leaders had appealed to the chief minister in their speeches to name the college after late Pilot, who was elected to the Lok Sabha five times from Dausa and once from Bharatpur. The late Gujjar leader served as Union minister under Prime Ministers Rajiv Gandhi and PV Narasimha Rao.For the Rajesh Pilot Bhawan coming up at Bandikui near Dausa, the Haryana chief minister Hooda announced to donate Rs 31 lakh from his personal account. Wasnik remembered the late union minister's contributions in fighting terrorism in Jammu Kashmir and the north-eastern states.The late leader's son and Union minister Sachin Pilot used the occasion to appeal to the Gujjars to call a truce with the region's equally dominant Meena community. Similar appeals were made by the Meena community's two ministers, Parsadi Lal and Murari Lal, too.The two communities came at loggerheads during the Gujjars' agitation for increased quota in government jobs and educational institutes in 2007. Gujjars had initially demanded their inclusion in the Scheduled Tribe (ST) category, alongside the Meenas. The Meena community, on the other hand, opposed sharing the ST quota with the Gujjars.\"I want to ask for something from you on this occasion,\" Union minister Sachin said, addressing the Gujjar men, women and children who jostled to have a glimpse of him. \"Let us forget the bad feelings between Gujjars and Meenas and once again live like brothers,\" Sachin said, while blaming the Vasundhara Raje government for pitching the two communities against each other. He also assured the community that the Congress government would settle the quota issue soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14043511", "title": "Recovery of tusks: Cops to take Mohanlal's statement", "text": "KOCHI: Elephant tusks seem to be haunting Malayalam actor Mohanlal. A police team will soon collect statements from the actor in connection with the recovery of a pair of elephant tusks by the IT sleuths during raids at his residences in July 2011.Thrikkakara assistant commissioner Bijo Alexander said that the police team would collect statement from the actor after an RTI activists' forum lodged a complaint with the state director general of police seeking an inquiry into the incident.It was alleged that Mohanalal was in possession of the tusks, violating rules. Police have already collected statements from the representatives of the forum.It was in July 2011, that IT sleuths conducted raids at the many residences of the actor, following reports that he had amassed wealth disproportionate to his known sources of income.They had recovered a pair of elephant tusks from his house in Kochi. According to rules, only those who have the required license, can keep ivory tusks.Elephant tusks seem to be haunting Malayalam actor Mohanlal as a police team will soon collect statements from the actor in connection with the recovery of a pair of elephant tusks by the IT sleuths during raids at his residences in July 2011.Thrikkakara Assistant Commissioner Bijo Alexander said that the police team would collect statement from the actor after an RTI activists forum lodged a complaint with the state Director General of Police seeking an inquiry into the incident. It was alleged that Mohanalal was in possession of the tusks violating rules. Police have already collected statements from the representative of the forum.It was in July that the IT sleuths conducted raids at the residences of the actor following reports that he had amassed wealth disproportionate to his known sources of income. They recovered a pair of elephant tusks from his house in Kochi. As per rules, only those who have necessary license can keep ivory tusks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14039583", "title": "Records of two sonography centres seized in Jaipur", "text": "JAIPUR: The officials of medical, health and family welfare department have seized the records of two sonography centres in the city for alleged violation of Pre-conception, Pre-natal and Diagnostic Techniques (PCPNDT) Act 1994.The health officials swung into action late on Sunday night and raided three sonography centres in the city.However, they found violation of PCPNDT Act only at two of the three sonogrpahy centres.Chief medical health officer (Jaipur I) Dr OP Thankan said that at two of the sonography centres they found that the records were not maintained properly. \"We have seized the records of the two centres. But at the third centre, we did not found any such violation of the Act,\" Thankan said.In the last one month, the district administration and the medical, health and family welfare department took stern action against the violators of the PCPNDT Act and seized around a dozen portable sonography machines.Not only this, the district administration also suspended licenses of 18 sonography centres in the city for alleged violation of PCPNDT Act.The department said the records of the machines which were seized would be verified.The PCPNDT Act has been designed with the aim to prevent sex selection, which led to female feticide.The sex ratio in the state has declined by 26 points in the past 10 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14050520", "title": "Gangs of Wasseypur writer faces threat to life", "text": "Even as Anurag Kashyap's ambitious film Gangs of Wasseypur inches close to release, writer Syed Zeeshan Qadri finds himself in hot water. We hear he has been getting calls threatening him with life if he should ever return to Wasseypur.Gangs of Wasseypur is set against the backdrop of Wasseypur, a small town near Dhanbad in Jharkhand , and revolves round the coal mafia in the region. Apparently, Qadri's true-to-life story telling hasn't gone down too well with some of the families involved and they are now out for revenge. As it is, the film is already in trouble with the residents of Wasseypur protesting the title as it could destroy their reputation.A source close to Qadri told us, \"Syed is currently in Mumbai however he has spent his entire life in Wasseypur. Of late, he has been getting threat calls questioning his revealing so much about the coal mafia. The intensity of the threats is such that he has been dared to try and return to his hometown. There are many reallife characters in the film although Anurag maintains it's a work of fiction.\"The source said, \"Qadri is very scared right now. He has informed Anurag, who has asked him to lie low till the film's release. Qadri's family is still in his hometown but he cannot go back. Maybe, they will have to shift to Mumbai. For now, he is being very careful while answering his phone calls.\"It is learnt Syed has been barred from any communication with the media by the team of Gangs of Wasseypur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14039771", "title": "Samarjitsinh to be coronated as next Maharaja on June 22", "text": "VADODARA: Barodians will get their new maharaja this month. Son of late Ranjitsinh Gaekwad Samarjitsinh will be coronated on June 22 at Laxmi Vilas Palace. The official ceremony will be done by the royal priest.Samarjitsinh is the only son of Ranjitsinh and he was next in line for the 'gaadi'. Sources close to the family said the ceremony will be a family affair, but important guests will also be invited.\"We are still working out the details of the function. The coronation ceremony will be done according to family traditions. It will include elaborate puja, wherein Samarjitsinh will assume the gaadi, a family source said.The royal family is expected to make official announcement of the coronation ceremony in next couple of days. For the royal family, it will be a momentous occasion after they lost Ranjitsinh to kidney cancer last month. The coronation is usually done after the 13-day mourning period. However, the Gaekwad family was waiting for the right time as the planetary arrangement was not auspicious for the succession ceremony. Royal family priest Dhruv Dutt had earlier told TOI that the coronation ceremony would happen after mid-June.A source close to the family said Samarjitsinh's coronation would be similar to Ranjitsinh's coronation that happened over two decades ago after his elder brother Fatehsinhrao Gaekwad's demise.Traditionally, the puja takes place with the successor and his wife sitting on a silver seat called 'bhadraasan'. Samarjitsinh and his wife Radhikaraje are expected to fast over the two days during which special prayers would be recited in the gaadi hall. Earlier, the ceremony would last for four-five days during which the king was required to keep a fast, but now the period has been reduced to two days.Samarjitsinh would then be led to the gaadi amid chanting of prayers and he will perform all ceremonies along with his wife. Late Ranjitsinh's wife Shubhanginiraje, too, is expected to attend the ceremony.Sources said invitations will be sent to the royal families in and outside Gujarat. And, guests will offer gifts to the newly anointed maharaja when he is coronated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "14035006", "title": "Officials to back malnourished kids in Hazaribag", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Hazaribag deputy commissioner Manish Ranjan along with other government officials and some private doctors have decided to support 259 children in the district suffering from malnutrition. The decision was taken at a meeting here on Sunday. The DC pointed out that if children get good food and proper care following the adoption every year, cases of death due to malnutrition would come down considerably. The DC himself will support 20 such children.The DC said if people support malnourished children it would go a long way in bringing up children properly who, in turn, would contribute to society when they grow up.The DC appealed to doctors to prescribe generic medicine which will be cheaper than the medicines usually prescribed by them. \"I have also instructed the civil surgeon to issue licenses to unemployed youths for opening generic medicine shops in remote areas of the district so that people can get medicines at their doorstep instead of traveling to towns,\" Ranjan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14036966", "title": "Indira Gandhi Government Medical College may get nod for 100 MBBS seats", "text": "NAGPUR: For the thirteenth time in a row, the Indira Gandhi Government Medical College (IGGMC) may get clearance for 60 to 100 MBBS seats by Medical Council of India (MCI) only for coming academic year 2012-13. A three member MCI team, which is on a two-day visit to the college as a part of the routine inspection, conducted the proceedings quite smoothly going around most of the departments, wards and head counting on Monday. The last inspection was conducted on June 6, 2011.The chances of clearance in one go are high as this time the staff deficiency of teachers and residents is minimal. The team apparently appeared satisfied with both staff and infrastructure. Another positive factor for the college is that the directorate of medical education and research (DMER) transferred teachers as a part of regular transfers in last 2-3 months to meet the deficiencies in various colleges. Otherwise too, the council does not hold back clearance if the deficiency is less than 5-7%.The only change MCI has made this year is videographing the entire inspection as well as ensuring still photographs of every staff member during the head count. The team consisted of Dr S K Pande, anatomy professor from BHU, Dr Sanjay Dixit (Indore) and Dr Karlika Doctor, anaesthetist from Ahmedabad. The team will first complete the inspection of some remaining sections in the college on Tuesday before leaving for the Hingana Primary Health Centre (PHC) attached to IGGMC.The team also looked at the progress of two under construction buildings, the ground plus five floor 25-bed girls' hostel and the ground plus four floor multi-utility building that will house the library (300 undergraduate and 50 post graduate seating capacity), anatomy department, a 300-seat examination hall, and an auditorium. They buildings were to be completed by April 2012 as promised to the High Court by the state medical education minister Vijay Kumar Gavit and Public Works Department (PWD). But delay in release of funds to the PWD has meant that they might be complete by December this year.College sources said that in 18 departments of the college there were only six posts vacant in the associate professor or Class II cadre and nine posts were vacant in the Class I cadre that includes professors and heads. College has 82 Class II posts and 69 Class I posts. \"We have managed to reduce the overall deficiency to 3% and reduce the resident doctors deficiency to 10-11% from 16-18%. The only issue to worry is that the buildings should have become operational by now and they are not. College dean is pursuing the matter. The slow pace of work shows the work may not be over even by December and even the next academic batch may also not be able to avail of these facilities,\" said a senior teacher.The college also continues to lack the compound wall and has a big deficiency of class IV employees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14037810", "title": "After diarrhoea death, corporation to put out water advisory", "text": "CHENNAI: Soon, the Corporation of Chennai may advise residents to boil water supplied by Metrowater before drinking or cooking for the next few weeks. The move comes after a patient with diarrhoea died at the government general hospital on Saturday and recent tests on Metrowater samples proved they were \"unfit for drinking.\"Corporation officials indicated they could soon cooperate with Metrowater on water contamination, an issue that has been a sore point between them for long. \" We can advise people to boil water for the next few weeks. We could also request Metrowater to issue a similar advice,\" said corporation commissioner D Karthikeyan. Pointing out that such issues were entirely handled by Metrowater, he said the corporation had a system of informing the engineers concerned about cases of contamination.On Wednesday last, corporation health officials found that 76 of 2,503 water samples tested from across the city lacked adequate chlorination. An RTI application filed by TOI in March found that from 2007, water samples from Tondiarpet, Pulianthope, Basin Bridge, Ayanavaram, Nungambakkam, Kilpauk, Kodambakkam, Ice House, Saidapet and Adyar areas among others contained bacteria such as Escherichia coli or E coli and coliform bacteria normally found in faecal matter. In 2010-11, 47 water samples from Tondiarpet were found polluted. E coli can cause a host of diseases including diarrhoea, urinary tract infection, cholecystitis, bacteremia and cholangitis.Doctors say boiling water will save you from most disease-causing bacteria such as E coli and coliform. \"Boiling water for a minute after you see bubbles can protect you from most water-borne diseases,\" said Dr Indra Jaykumar, paediatric intensivist at Apollo Children's Hospital.Saturday's death is the second instance this year of death due to water contamination. On April 15, a man from Thousand Lights area died and 11 others had to be hospitalized after consuming food cooked with contaminated water. The water had not been chlorinated or purified, it was found.Even water from bubble-top cans may not be safe, officials say adding that leaky pipelines, overflowing sewage, open defecation and corroded pipelines are the main reasons of contamination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "darbhanga", "code": "14035637", "title": "Bickering in district BJP comes to fore", "text": "DARBHANGA: The internal strife in Darbhanga district unit of BJP over the issue of just concluded mayoral poll of Darbhanga Municipal Corporation (DMC) has come to the fore following the resignation of BJP MLA from Hayaghat Amarnath Gami from the post of district president of the party on Sunday.Gami, in his resignation letter sent to the state BJP president has said, \"Despite that majority of the 48 ward councillors belong to the BJP, only the post of mayor went to a party cadre, while the post of deputy mayor went to a person belonging to another party.\"In his resignation letter, Gami has charged Darbhanga town BJP MLA Sanjay Sarawgi with defying the party directive and joined hand with a group of ward councilors resulting in none of the ward councilors belonging to party filing nomination for the unreserved post of deputy mayor.It may be mentioned here that Gauri Paswan was elected DMC mayor defeating his rival Ajay Paswan by three votes. Both of them are BJP leaders. Badurazama Khan alias Boby Khan was elected as deputy mayor defeating his rival Manoj Mandal by two votes. Both Paswan and Khan were supported by Sarawgi while the combination of Paswan and Mandal was supported by Amarnath Gami Group. Mayoral poll results were declared on June 9 and Gami sent his resignation on Sunday.Confirming his resignation from the post of district BJP president, Gami on Monday said a fortnight ago he had informed the state leadership that a leader be deputed here for monitoring the Mayoral elections so that both the posts of mayor and deputy mayor comes to the party fold, but his request was ignored. Even local MLA Sarawgi ignored the directive of locally constituted election committee and said he will work according to his own sweet will. Sarawgi shook hands with a group of ward councillors and ensured the victory of Gauri and Bobby as mayor and deputy mayor respectively. Gami charged that party headquarters allowed Sarawgi to do whatever he liked.Sarawgi said that mayor Gauri is from BJP and deputy mayor Bobby Khan is a JD(U) leader. Hence supporting this combination is not against the party tradition. \"Since Manoj Mandal belongs to RJD and was being supported by former RJD MP Ali Ashraf Fatmi and state RJD president Abdul Bari Sidiqui, hence supporting Ajay and Manoj combine would have gone against the party norms. However, Gauri and Bobby's victory in the mayoral poll is NDA's victory,\" said Sarawgi. Terming the development as very unfortunate, Jale BJP MLA Bijay Kumar Mishra said, \"The confrontation between Sarawgi and Gami is bringing bad name to the party. State leadership should have heeded to the request of Gami to depute an observer, who would have indirectly supervised the election.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14039042", "title": "Girl ends life after failing in exams", "text": "JAIPUR: A 19-year-old girl who failed to get pass her second year BSc examinations committed suicide by hanging from the ceiling fan at her residence in Vidhyadhar Nagar.The results of BSc II year were declared by University of Rajasthan on Sunday noon. After noticing that she could not clear the exams, the girl identified as Susheela Yadav (19) was very upset. Though her parents tried to console her but she was depressed throughout the day, police said.Since she had skipped dinner and had locked herself in her room, expecting the worst the parents knocked the door of her room during wee hours on Monday. On opening the door they were shocked to see her hanging from the ceiling fan, police added.A police team reached the spot and brought down the girl. She was rushed to SMS hospital where she was declared brought dead. The body was handed over to the parents after post-mortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14041414", "title": "Bomb mishap triggers political blame game", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A three-member team from directorate of intelligence, Bhubaneswar, on Monday rushed to defuse the remaining 26 bombs in Brahmagiri, where a huge cache of explosives was found stashed in a hut on Sunday. Constable Ranjan Sarangi died and two other cops were injured while defusing the bombs, which were seized early in the morning. Sarangi had successfully defused many crude bombs in the past. He was cremated with full state honour in Puri on Monday.The incident has triggered a political blame game with the Congress accusing the BJD of manufacturing sophisticated bombs in the politically sensitive region.Former Congress MLA of Brahmagiri Lalatendu Bidyadhar Mohapatra on Monday squarely blamed local BJD leaders of storing the bombs in a hut near Gambhari village with an ulterior motive. \"The government should announce a judicial probe to find out how the bombs landed in the hut. I strongly believe the BJD is involved in it,\" Mohapatra said.The BJD's sitting Brahmagiri MLA Sanjay Dasburma refuted the charges. \"His allegations are baseless. Congress has an infamous history of triggering large scale violence and preparing explosives in Brahmagiri,\" Dasburma said. \"Like us, the opposition party has equal responsibility of maintaining peace in the region,\" the legislator added.Brahmagiri has witnessed a spate of political skirmishes in the past, the latest on May 11 when two men were gunned down in Gambhari village.While chief secretary B K Patnaik described the incident as an unfortunate \"accident\", Puri SP Anup Kumar Sahoo said the kin of the deceased will be given Rs 4 lakh ex-gratia. \"One of his family members will get a government job,\" Sahoo said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14039491", "title": "Maid cleans out doctor's home of Rs 16Lakh cash, gold", "text": "MUMBAI: A 39-year-old housemaid (name withheld) betrayed her elderly employer's trust and made away with cash and gold valuables to the tune of Rs 16 lakh. The victimGynaecologist Saubhagya Sanghvi (72) learnt about the theft when the accused's brother informed the police about the theft that his sister had committed over a period of one year.Investigators said that the victim has given an approximate sum of valuables been stolen. The amount will increase after the arrest. TOI repeatedly tried to contact Sanghvi but in vain.Police are searching for the accused who is suspected to have fled to her hometown after committing the theft at Sanghvi's residence. Anand Bharati Building on Dr M B Raut Road, Dadar West. \"She was not found at her NM Joshi Marg resident in Parel when the team reached her home. The accused's brother said his sister committed the theft for greed for money,\" said Deputy Commissioner of Police (Zone V) Dhananjay Kulkarni.On learning about the theft, Sanghvi filed a written complaint on May 27. After verifying the complaint, the Shivaji Park police lodged an FIR on June 9 and booked the accused for theft committed by servant.The housemaid was employed with Sanghvi for the last 15 years. The couple trusted her and she was given the locker's keys.and the responsibility of taking care of the houseThe maid allegedly pocketed some of the money that the doctor received as fees and which she was also told to deposit in a bank. and also handed over the locker keys. This gave an upper hand to the accused to learn the valuables that were kept in the locker at home and easily helped her to steal,\" said a police officer of the Shivaji Park police station.The officer said the victims trusted their housemaid and use to handover the big amount of cash to deposit in the bank. \"The money given to the accused to deposit in the bank was the fees that Sanghvi earned from the clinic. The accused use to deposit part money while the rest she use to keep with her. Finally she fled away with the entire sum,\" said the officer.Meanwhile Kulkarni said that repeatedly the police had tried to spread awareness asking people not to disclose personal information or talk about financial transactions in front of the domestic help. However hardly anyone follows the basic norms that the police asks to avoid such kind of incident from taking place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14038618", "title": "Thakkar brothers collected Rs 2.6cr from people: Cops", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In connection with the Balaram Resort cheating case, the city police crime branch has claimed that Thakkar brothers had gathered Rs 2.63 crore from people by projecting that the resort would be used as location for films and television channels.In an affidavit, opposing the bail application of Dilip and Raju Thakkar, the police informed the city sessions court that the accused also projected a scheme to investors that a well-known US university was to collaborate with the resort and as part of joint-venture, a high-end hotel management institute was to be founded here.The crime branch has also supplied a list of all those who lent money to Thakkar brothers for investment in their projects at the resort. The duo came to be arrested after a complaint was lodged against them for duping. This happened after they sold off the property in February this year, but could not pay the loans back. The affidavit has objected to the bail claiming that releasing them could hamper investigations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14041746", "title": "Jasmine seller\u2019s dream hangs by a thread", "text": "At noon, D Jansimary is stringing together her fifth jasmine garland. She wants to make at least 15 before she and her parents set up their shop outside Anna Tower. Though she has scored 1,102 out of 1,200 in her Class 12 board exams this year, she is not too sure if she will do anything better than selling flowers in the future.Jansi, who studied at Chennai Girls Higher Secondary School in Shenoy Nagar , learned to make garlands much earlier than she learned addition, subtraction and alphabets. \"I used to see my mother make garlands all alone, I have nimble fingers and am a fast learner. So, I joined her,\" she says.The school topper's schedule was a tad different from those of her classmates. After school ended at 4pm, she would rush to Anna Tower where her parents had a pavement shop. With a textbook at her feet, she would make garlands, her fingers moving deftly to make tiny loops to tie jasmine, while her eyes scanned the book.Jansi, who lives with her parents in a 7ft x 8ft room in a slum behind the Naduvankarai bridge, says despite the constant distraction of customers, studying under the tower lights wasn't uncomfortable. \"At home our bulb is not bright enough, so I would feel sleepy. In a way, garland-making helped me concentrate,\" she says.Jansi's parents S Das and D Amutha used only one threat. \"If she failed, we told her, she would not study further,\" says Amutha. The couple used to work as masons till Amutha met with an accident and injured her leg. That's when they set up the flower shop. Das too stopped working as a mason after he was diagnosed with diabetes. On a good day, the family earns 100 after spending four hours on the pavement. \"If we buy flowers for 500 from Koyambedu flower market, we target a business of around 600. But there are days when unsold flowers rot,\" says Das.A first generation learner, Jansi is nervously awaiting her Anna University counselling card. She dreams of pursuing a branch in engineering. If funding or a scholarship doesn't come through, her parents say they would be forced to look towards moneylenders to fund her education. \"We can't get loans from banks, as we don't have an account or any sort of surety except this house,\" says Das.Against all oddsJansimary resides in a 7ft x 8ft one-room house in a slum behind the Naduvankarai Bridge Jansimary's mother Amutha has been selling flowers for the last 10 years. She had to give up a slightly better paying job as a construction worker after she injured her leg in an accident Father S Das suffers from diabetes and blood pressure. He too had to give up his job as a mason due to health reasons The family earns around 100 a day, Jansimary studies while selling flowers During the rains or peak summer, the earnings are meagre", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14034615", "title": "Shri Wadhawan new Congress candidate", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Dr Satya Pandey withdrew her name from the post of mayoral candidate. So, a press conference of Congress leaders was held in the city on Monday for the name of new candidate. The party decided that Shri Wadhawan would be the new Congress candidate for the post of mayor from Allahabad.During the meeting, the party leaders deliberated on the prevailing political atmosphere of the city and also interacted with the party workers. They reviewed the changed situation and unanimously decided that Shri Wadhwan would be the new Congress candidate for the post of mayor.Shri Wadhawan is the wife of former mayor and former chairman of Culture Department Ravi Wadhawan. She has filed her nomination as an independent candidate for fighting for the post of mayor. Shri Wadhawan has been active in various social and political works.She has completed her education from Allahabad University.During the meeting, State Congress president Rita Bahuguna Joshi, former union minister Salim Sherwani, city Congress president Shayam Krishna Pandey, former mayor Chowdhry Jitendra Nath Singh, and other leaders were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14039489", "title": "Won't build houses for mill workers: Maharashtra Housing And Area Development Authority", "text": "MUMBAI: With Rs 600 crore to be recovered from its housing project for mill workers, the Maharashtra Housing And Area Development Authority (Mhada) has informed the government it will not construct any more houses for former mill workers.It's more than two years since Mhada constructed 9,000 tenements for mill workers. Now the government wants Mhada to construct 7,000 more tenements that the authority has refused to do.\"It costs approximately Rs 12.5 lakh to construct a 300 sq ft tenement and this does not include the land cost. Most of the cost is owing to the various taxes to be paid,'' said sources. With the government yet to take a decision on allotment of houses, Mhada is stuck with the maintenance bill as well.Sachin Ahir, minister of state for housing, said while Mhada had officially not refused to construct any more tenements, officials at meetings mentioned their reluctance to take up another such project.\"Mhada is an autonomous body and while we have conveyed to them that the government wants them to do it, it is becoming increasingly economically unviable. With the new Development Control Regulations, the cost of construction will go up further,'' he said.The allotment was earlier stuck because mill workers protested the high cost and demanded that flats be provided to them at the cost of construction. The state government has now brought down the price from Rs 12.5 lakh to Rs 7. 5 lakh.The government prepared a list of mill workers and their heirs. There are now 1.48 lakh families eligible for a flat. The dispute is whom should the flats be allotted to. Recently at a meeting with representatives of mill workers, cabinet minister Harshvardhan Patil who headed the committee to decide on the housing issue, urged mill workers not to insist on all flats being ready before taking a decision.If these are not allotted soon they too will slip from your hands,'' he warned them.Ahir said the state government may approach the mill workers' unions to find a viable solution. We may handover the land to the societies of mill-workers and they can then carry out the construction,'' he said.Datta Iswalkar, convenor, Girni Kamgaar Sangharsh Samiti squarely blamed the government for the delay. We have filled the forms, the scrutiny is still on. Certain unions are trying to stall the lottery but this will benefit only the government and not the workers,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14044029", "title": "Farmers warned of new virus", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A new species of begomovirus \u2014 a group of plant viruses \u2014 which can be extremely destructive for vegetable crops, has been discovered by a joint team of researchers at the Schools of Life Sciences of Central University of Gujarat (CUG) and Jawaharlal Nehru University (JNU). The virus, called the Raddish Leaf Curl Virus (RaLCV), is now known for destroying radish crops and is also seen hitting okra and tomato crops with equal potency. The scientists at the two universities have warned farmers to look out for the new virus. They have also advised farmers to use resistant varieties. The RaLCV virus needs the whitefly to spread across vast areas of the crops. \"The whiteflies colonize on diverse plant species. The fly transmits the virus via its saliva to the plant when feeding in the phloem,\" says assistant professor , CUG, Achuit Kumar Singh. A typical radish affected by the RaLCV will have stunted growth, upward and downward curled leaves.\"The moment the virus enters into a plant it utilizes the host cell machinery for its own replication and restricts development of the plant. No pesticide, hormones or chemical treatment can save the crop. It is better to use the integrated pest management technology (IPM) and a resistant variety of seeds developed by government institutes to fight the dreaded effects of the virus,\" says Singh.\"We have evidence that RaLCV is also affecting tomatoes and okra plants,\" adds Singh. The researchers have also studied leaf curl viruses like the 'Tomato Leaf Curl Gujarat Virus' and 'Tomato Leaf Curl New Delhi Virus' and found the RaLCV to be independent of them.The JNU team led by associate professor Supriya Chakraborty is currently studying the pathogenesis of the virus especially replication, and its spread through the crops. The study also looks at host cells and tissues that respond to infection by the virus and either permit or restrict replication of the virus.\"Plant viruses do not affect humans but they cause devastating effect on the crops which could be a huge revenue loss for farmers. Our analysis has also revealed that the RaLCV has a hybrid genome, a putative recombinant between Euphorbia Eaf Curl Virus and Papaya Leaf Curl Virus,\" says Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14042120", "title": "No metro, buses to ply on metro route soon", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Boarding a swanky metro could be a distant dream for city residents, but Chandigarh Transport Union is all set to start its buses on the metro route. Starting from Sarangpur and culminating at Panchkula bus stand, this will be the longest CTU route, on which 24 buses will ply. Buses are scheduled to ply by next week on this route.Of all the buses plying on this 19kms long route, about four to five will be air conditioned, while the remaining would be non-AC. The AC fare would be about Rs 10 to 15 while the non-AC journey would cost between Rs five and 10.CTU general manager S P Parmar says the frequency on this route will be so quick that passengers will get a bus every 15 minutes from Sarangpur. The route is being named \"Metro route 2F\". Gurleen Kaur, a Sector 15 resident, says the new service would be beneficial to her as she has to commute to Panchkula for her job every day. Sector 12 resident Gurkirpal Singh says he wouldn't have to think twice when he feels like meeting his friends in Panchkula when the service on this route begins.\"With such high petrol rates, I would prefer taking a bus rather than burning fuel in my two wheeler,\" says Panchkula resident Vaishali Kapoor. Suman Gupta, a Sector 15 resident from Pamchkula, says she gets tired commuting between Panchkula and Chandigarh every day. \"With this service, I would be able to relax while I commute,\" she said. CTU director T P S Phoolka says the work regarding starting the service on this route is in its final stages. \"It will be launched by officials next week,\" adds Phoolka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14034383", "title": "Commuters in traffic maze", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Three major roads of the city -- Niranjan-Johnstonganj Road, Lukerganj flyover and Rambagh crossing -- witnessed massive jams on Monday with scores of commuters getting stuck for more than an hour. Worse, traffic snarls have become a routine on these routes as well as Chowk.The poor deployment of traffic policemen also adds to the chaos.Traffic police say that due to repair of Niranjan Road, movement of vehicles has been restricted to one lane and the flow of two-way traffic on single road leads to daily jams.Traffic Inspector IP Singh said that additional traffic police constables and home guards have been deployed at important crossings. He added that due to digging of roads, the traffic is moving in slow pace in many areas.More or less, commuters and traffic cops are loggerheads over the issue of frequent jams and at times they get embroiled in verbal dual at public places.Commuters allege there was none to hear their grievances and jam like situation has been puzzling them a lot. Office goers were most affected during peak time and appealed the traffic police department to streamline traffic on streets leading to government offices and civil lines.Apart from laying of sewage line, widening of road work was also continued at several places. This has also been affecting the free flow of traffic.Commuters say widening of roads should be done at night so that it does not lead to traffic jams during daytime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "14041340", "title": "Dharwad Kannada Sahitya Parishat to get a new building", "text": "DHARWAD: Dharwad district unit of Kannada Sahitya Parishat will have a new building if its newly elected president Lingaraj Angadi has his way.Angadi finds the existing building constructed 15 years ago to be unsuitable to conduct literary activities and wants it to be reconstructed.Angadi said the Parishat needs to expand its range of activities to include art and literature and as such a new building is necessary. As of now the KSP is hiring auditoriums elsewhere in the city to organize functions on a bigger scale. He said he was holding talks with minister in-charge of Dharwad district Jagadish Shettar in this connection.He said exhibitions of literary and art works, various competitions for the school/college students will be organized by KSP throughout the year. Meanwhile, the district Kannada Sahitya Parishat (KSP) has nominated chiefs to the taluk units of and has also formed the executive committee. For the district KSP executive committeeAnil Desai and YM Bhajantri have been appointed as secretaries, while Shankargouda Satmar as treasurer. Accordingly, an advisory committee has also been formed and writers Gurulinga Kapse, Channaveer Kanavi, Giraddi Govindaraj, Siddhalinga Pattenshetty, Shamsunder Bidarkundi, H M Bilagi, K R Durgadas, B Sukanya, Jagadish Mangaloremath and BI Iliger are its members. The KSP has also nominated the taluk presidents. Guru Tigadi has been nominated as Dharwad taluk KSP President while K S Koujalgi will head Hubli taluk, S M Menasinkai Navalgund, Chandrashekar Patil Kundgol and M M Puradanagoudar Kalghatagi.The KSP has also submitted a memorandum to the Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation (HDMC) to waive property tax.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "sbs nagar", "code": "14043041", "title": "Park lies in neglect due to \u2018indifferent\u2019 Ludhiana Improvement Trust", "text": "SBS NAGAR: Around six months back when a public park in H block of Shaheed Bhagat Singh Nagar was developed by the Ludhiana Improvement Trust, the residents of area were elated because the park had everything that could have made it the ultimate destination for the city's young and old looking for a place to recreate and do some physical exercises. But within no time their hopes were dashed as the authorities failed to maintain the park. Today, the green belt lies in utter neglect with unkept lawn and unclean surroundings.The residents complain that officials have wasted public money by not giving proper attention towards the upkeep of the park, despite the fact that it's perhaps one of the biggest parks of the area. SBS Nagar area is the only area in city where LIT had planned one park in every block to maintain the equilibrium, but they failed in keeping these green and clean.A senior citizen and area resident, O P Madan said, \"There is congress grass growing everywhere in the park which looks untidy. And such is the fear of insects and snakes that people don't dare to enter the park, thanks to the overgrowth.\" He added, \"It's sad that elders and children in the area have no place to unwind. If officials were unable to handle the responsibility of this park, they should have taken the help of residents like they did for other areas.\"A shopkeeper and area resident Arvind Sharma said, \"This park can be developed into a lush green belt, but now it's all bushes and unwanted vegetation. The indifferent officials would rather ignore the issue than make efforts to improve it.\"Admitting that the park was suffering, sub divisional officer of LIT, Jaswinder Singh said, \"The problem is in my notice and we are soon going to give it a facelift. The contractor who was handling the work of parks' upkeep was hospitalized for quite some time, but now he is fine and would start work soon. Once this work completes we would hand over the park to residents welfare association.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "munger", "code": "14035681", "title": "Bomb explodes outside MP\u2019s residence", "text": "MUNGER: Some anti-social elements exploded a bomb at the main gate of JD(U) MP from Begusarai Monazir Hassan's residence in mohalla Dilawarpur on Sah Jubair road under Kotwali police station at Munger on Monday afternoon.Incidentally, Dr Hassan, the JD(U) MP and his family members are out of Munger and the caretaker was also not present when the bomb exploded. Monazir's residence was locked from outside, the police said and added that there was no damage from the explosion.Munger SP P Kannan on getting information rushed to the place of occurrence and took stock of the situation. Monazir, however, described it as the handiwork of some miscreants supporting a candidate who lost the Munger Municipal Corporation (MMC) polls on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14036233", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation finds all's well at Nagpur's sonography centres", "text": "NAGPUR: For the last one week, the Nagpur Municipal Corporation has been conducting surprise checks on sonography centres across the city. None of the clinics checked so far has been found to flout any norm. The only thing that the officials found amiss was that not many doctors were aware that the new norms necessitated them to provide the details of the radiologist and the machines being used in their centres.After a couple of cases of female foeticide surfaced in Beed district, the state government is in no mood to be lenient against those indulging in sex determination tests. This is why they directed all the civic bodies of the state to conduct checks on sonography centres in their jurisdiction.\"Ten teams have been conducting surprise checks since June 6 and these will continue throughout the month. All 47 centres checked so far have been adhering to norms. However, the district collector had suggested that we conduct the checks on all centres of the city on the same day which could not be done due to shortage of infrastructure,\" said Dr Bhawana Sonkusare, NMC's nodal officer for PCPNDT Act. She said that efforts were being made towards complying with the collector's suggestion as well.Dr Sonkusare informed that whether having registrations with the NMC or filling the Form F properly, all centres were found to be duly following the rules. \"Some doctors are still not aware that for all centres, the names and qualifications of the radiologist as well as the details of the machines being used have to be provided to NMC as well,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14037125", "title": "Ministry of environment and forests ignoring mandate, say National Board for Wild Life members", "text": "NAGPUR: Seven National Board for Wild Life (NBWL) members have expressed concern over subversion of conservation mandate by the Union ministry of environment and forests itself. The issue will top the agenda of board's 25th meeting to be held on Wednesday.In a letter to Jayanthi Natarajan , minister of state for environment and forests, NBWL members Kishor Rithe and six others including AJT Johnsingh, Prerna Bindra, Asad Rahmani, Biswajit Mohanty, Mitali Kakar and Bibhab Talukdar have sought clarification on reports appearing in a section of media that MoEF was itself subverting its conservation mandate and sidestepping wildlife concerns for border roads network.The members have pointed out that MoEF in March 2011 had made it mandatory that all non-forestry activity in elephant reserves and wildlife corridors will be required to be placed before the standing committee of NBWL before any diversion. However, the rule has now been modified without taking members into confidence.They said that MoEF has initiated correspondence stating that the projects falling within tiger reserves, elephant reserves and corridors need not be placed before the standing committee of the NBWL and diversions can be effected as per the discretion of the MoEF.The ministry has also directed the environment division to review all projects that were put before the standing committee between March 15, 2011 and February 23, 2012.The letter states that a Border Infrastructure Bill is on the anvil. This aims to exempt border infrastructure projects from all relevant acts of forest and wildlife. \"We understand that the government is looking to exempt all strategic roads within 50km of the international border or the line of actual control (LAC),\" the letter states.The members wanted to know whether the issues raised are true and sought clarification from the MoEF. They felt these decisions would have detrimental impact on critically endangered wildlife species, especially tigers and elephants.Among the host of items, the Baglinga minor irrigation project, which falls within 10km from the Melghat Tiger Reserve and laying electricity line cable and water pipeline through Sanjay Gandhi National Park (SGNP), Borivali, will be taken up. Surprisingly, the Baglinga project is on the NBWL agenda despite State Wildlife Board rejecting the proposal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14040763", "title": "Centre invites proposal from UP for airport near Mathura", "text": "LUCKNOW: The ministry of civil aviation has invited a proposal from UP government to set up a new airport near Mathura. The move comes days after UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav scrapped the Jewar airport and proposed setting up an international airport in Agra-Mathura region.In a communique sent to Yadav last week, civil aviation minister Ajit Singh said that the UP government had proposed Taj International Aviation Hub (TIAH) with a green field airport at Jewar in Gautambudh Nagar, which was around 70 kms from the Indira Gandhi International (IGI) Airport in New Delhi. However, as norms stipulate that two airports could not be set up within 150 kms, the Jewar airport could not be given the clearance.Insisting on Taj Trapezium needing a world class airport to spur growth in the field of tourism and overall economic and industrial growth in the area, Singh said that \"the airport needs to be located near the Taj and at the same time there is no air space conflict with the Indian Air Force (IAF) airport at Agra\". Singh suggested that the site be located in Mathura with an easy access to the expressway.Interestingly, the Mathura administration last month identified a site spreading over an area of around 300 acres in Baldeo village which falls on the expressway between Agra and Mathura. Baldeo village, which is known as birth place of Balram, elder brother of Lord Krishna, is located around 25 kms both from Mathura and Agra city. The site is also a little over 150 kms far from IGI Airport.Mant area, from where Ajit Singh's son Jayant Chaudhary had contested assembly elections, was also considered as a prospective site for setting up an international airport. However, the district administration set aside the site given the fact that the area is densely populated.Experts take this with a pinch of salt going by what happened in Jewar. \"The prices of land had gone up manifold just by the proposal of an international airport. Now, that the proposal finds itself in a trash bin, the prices too have tumbled like a pack of cards,\" said an aviation expert. \"Let us hope that does not happen with the new proposal to set up an airport in Mathura-Agra region,\" he said.The civil aviation minister, significantly, has assured the UP chief minister of taking up the project on a fast track basis to fulfill the aspirations of the area and its people.Last week Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and before that Ajit Singh had claimed of providing an international status to airports in Lucknow and Varanasi. The two airports, interestingly, have an integrated status given the low inflow and outflow of international passengers into the two cities. While Lucknow largely witnesses passengers going to West Asia, Varanasi has a majority international passengers moving to Nepal .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14042270", "title": "Guwahati Metropolitan Development Authority likely to put on hold riverside park plan", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Guwahati Metropolitan Development Authority (GMDA) is likely to put on hold its ambitious plan of converting the 6-km picturesque stretch along the southern banks of the Brahmaputra in Guwahati into a spectacular riverside park.The state government handed over the construction of the proposed six-lane bridge over the Brahmaputra to the public works department (PWD) in March this year. However, the GMDA is finding it difficult to go ahead with its earlier plan as it is not sure about the location of the bridge and the approaches to be built for the proposed bridge.\"The GMDA is thinking to temporarily keep on hold its earlier plan to develop the entire stretch from Bharalumukh to the foot hills of Raj Bhawan into a riverside park. After the state government entrusted the responsibility to construct the six lane bridge on PWD, the GMDA does not want to take the risk of developing the park before receiving the blueprint of the proposed bridge from PWD,\" said a top official of GMDA.He added that various portions of the proposed riverside park may have to be dismantled for the construction of the bridge, if the PWD decides to built the new bridge in the area. Besides, there is also no fresh directive from the state government to vacate the office of the Kamrup (Metro) DC and some other important office and residences lying along the proposed park.In November, 2010, the GDD had announced that the DC's bungalow and other residences along the Brahmaputra will be vacated to give opportunity to the public to enjoy the panoramic view of the river as seen from the bungalows. The official residence of the chief justice of Gauhati High Court is also located along this proposed stretch.But despite all barriers, the GMDA has geared up to protect three pockets along the Brahmaputra riverside - the old DC, DGP and forest bungalows. \"Chief minister Tarun Gogoi has also shown special interest to convert the old DC and DGP bungalows into museums. GMDA will soon start renovation work of these two bungalows by keeping their heritage look intact,\" said GMDA chief executive officer M Angamuthu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14034513", "title": "Candidates vying for favourite symbols", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The district election office will begin allotment of symbols on Tuesday to candidates contesting local bodies elections. Many candidates are demanding either rising Sun or rose flower as the symbol stating that these would prove to be lucky for them.Other symbols in demand are cup-plate, auto-rickshaw, car, cooker, ceiling fan, press, torch, plane, tent, table lamp, glass, camera, TV etc. A total of 1,003 candidates are in the fray for 80 seats of corporators in the city.Officials said only 63 candidates have withdrawn their names.There are 29 candidates in the fray for mayoral election. Shashikant Singh, who is contesting for corporator from ward 49 (Preetam Nagar), said: \"I have asked for either rising sun or rose flower as the symbol as I feel it would be lucky for me.\"Another candidate Kumar said, \"Symbol has its importance and once you get your symbol, people can recognise you by your symbol.\"He added that, \"When we go for canvassing, voters and masses usually ask about symbols. And, if we have favourite symbol, its sounds good for us to tell voters to vote for a particular symbol.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14039398", "title": "Maths score crucial for undergraduate courses", "text": "NEW DELHI: How you have performed in your Class XII mathematics is going to be a crucial factor for admission to many undergraduate courses in Delhi University. Besides being a mandatory subject in the best of four, the score is critical not only for admission to mathematics (honours) but also for popular courses like BCom (H), BA economics (H), BSC (H) in statistics, electronics, computer, BCom, BSc computer, physical sciences and applied physical sciences.In colleges like Daulat Ram, Hindu and Hans Raj, however, simply having mathematics at the Class XII level is not enough. The aspirants also need to score 90% and above to apply for mathematics (H). Some other colleges, too, insist on a certain minimum percentage in maths for various courses across streams.Majority of the DU colleges offering BCom (H) and BA economics (H) have also made the subject at the Class XII level a must for becoming eligible for filling up the application form. Indraprastha and Kamla Nehru colleges want at least 80% in mathematics for economics (H), while Kirori Mal College's additional eligibility for BSc statistics (H) is at least 90% in maths.\"Scoring high in mathematics and English at the Class XII level is always helpful as these are some of the most common mandatory subjects in the best of four options and, therefore, it does boost the aggregate,\" said P C Jain, principal of Shri Ram College of Commerce.Post-admission, knowledge of mathematics helps students in their course. \"Maths students excel in subjects related to physical science where mathematical tools and computational abilities are required. Even a psychology student who had studied mathematics has an edge over others. These days, subjects are becoming more interdisciplinary in nature and mathematics plays a vital role in statistical and quantitative analysis,\" said Gurpreet Singh Tuteja, the deputy dean of students' welfare and a mathematics teacher at Zakir Husain College.English is another mandatory subject to apply for most of these subjects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14036929", "title": "Sanjeev Jaiswal leaves after setting austerity guideline", "text": "NAGPUR: Municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal remained true to rules despite opposition and pressure. Even on his last day at the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC), Jaiswal set guidelines for implementation of budget, he made new schemes proposed in it subject to availability of funds.Jaiswal said that the budget presented by the chairman of standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari was Rs 250-300 crore more than estimated revenue. \"NMC's revenue may go up to Rs 1,000 crore if ready reckoner-based property tax was implemented and there was no compromise in octroi rates. Still, it would not reach Rs 1,200-1,300 crore that budget assumes. Many developmental projects are going on and require funds for completion. We should ensure ongoing projects are completed first and then go for new schemes. If all new schemes are implemented, the liability will rise. Besides, the projects will not be completed in time. Therefore, new schemes will be implemented in phased manner and subject to flow of funds. NMC is already having a liability of Rs 40 crore,\" he said.The corporators from ruling and opposition group had appreciated the schemes proposed by Tiwari but feared about where the funds for them would come. After setting guidelines for budget, Jaiswal handed over the charge to collector Saurabh Rao who is also holding the additional charge of additional municipal commissioner. Additional deputy municipal commissioner Ravindra Kumbhare and other officials were present.Terming his two years at the NMC a success, Jaiswal said much needed to be done for improvement of the city. \"Road network, drainage and sewage system are needed. I succeeded in preparing the City Sanitation Plan but it needs to be approved by the Central government. The ongoing railway over and underbridges are nearing completion. The 24x7 water supply project, Kanhan water treatment plant, garbage treatment plant, tree census, e-Governance, city beautification, dialysis centre are some projects completed in my tenure. Projects like Nag river and lakes rejuvenation, sewage treatment plants and system are pending with government and may change entire scenario after implementation,\" he said.Stressing the need for unity among the office bearers and corporators on developmental issues, Jaiswal said that projects like city bus service required political will and respect to PPP model for success. \"Government should make NMC the agency for Gunthewari Act instead of NIT for providing better services to the areas in outskirts. Notices to around 1,100 unauthorized constructions have been issued and require action. The assistant commissioners of all zones have been given powers for taking action. The anti-encroachment drive should continue. All these will improve the city further,\" he said.Asked about scrapping of cess on petrol and diesel, Jaiswal denied a comment but stated that the NMC was committed to implement IRDP Road Project. \"Revenue of NMC increased by Rs 250-300 crore in last two years. Need is to increase the revenue by rationalizing the property tax and levy of some charges proposed by the Centre,\" he said adding that the city was far better than many others in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14042684", "title": "CID raids Sarla Maheshwari's office premises in Sec V", "text": "KOLKATA: The CID, now probing the complaint against CPM's former Rajya Sabha MP Sarla Maheshwari's husband Arun Maheshwari and son-in-law Amitav Kejriwal, wasted no time on Monday in raiding the Salt Lake Sector V offices of Canopy Group - the flagship company promoted by Arun. The duo, arrested on Sunday, is now in a 10-day police remand.DGP (crime) V V Thambi refused to go into the specifics immediately. \"While this relates to a single complaint, several other complaints against the duo have also been brought to our notice. We will go through the details and thereafter decide on the course of investigation. Such cases are usually intensive document-based and may take some time. We intend to probe each and every complaint in detail,\" he said. The CID is also aware that there are several pending litigations on the matter in various courts, including the Calcutta high court. This is a further reason for their cautious approach.On Monday morning, sleuths in civil dress raided the Canopy Group headquarters at DN-37, Sector-V, Salt Lake and inquired into the details of the group's upcoming realty projects and holding patterns of several group companies - Canopy Projects, Canopy Bricks, Greenfield Projects, Snow Flower Sales, Sandy Projects, Peach Tree Projects and Rock N Roll Hospitality - in addition to Shimmerland Commercial Ltd, where it is alleged several \"directors\" have been popped up by the promoters to evade law. In fact, Shankar Bhattacharya, who's FIR on June 9 led to the arrests on Sunday, alleged in his complaint that his signature - and those of his wife Pragati - were forged and they were made directors of Shimmerland, which has the same registered address as the Canopy Group.Defence counsel Bhaskar Lahiri on Tuesday bore holes into the FIR. \"In his complaint, he says he worked for the Maheshwaris between 1996 and 2008. In 2010, he informed the Block Land and Land Reforms Officer that the land was fraudulently bought in his name. He said the same to the I-T department in 2011. Why hasn't any action taken then?The same complaint is again made on June 9, leading to the arrests the day later,\" Lahiri said. \"Among the sections cited in the FIR, section 467 IPC has a 10-year jail term and non-cognisable offence (relating to forgery of valuable security, will etc), even then no action was taken? This FIR was lodged with ulterior motive,\" he added.Bhattacharya, who'd earlier complained to the state DGP, said the company purchased as much as 17 acre in his and his wife's name, showing them as directors of the company. And more, he complained that his signature was forged by Piyush Daga, director of the company. Even his wife's signature and PAN card were forged, Bhattacharya said. The husband and wife also lodged a complaint with the Block Land and Land Reform Officer way back on August 5, 2010. However, the complaint has not acted upon.The I-T department had raided Maheswari's residence in January 2011 and several documents were seized by them. Kejriwal was earlier arrested by the Airport police station in January 2011 for illegal land deal. Moreover, there were complaints that cheques issued by Kejriwal were being dishonoured, for which cases are pending against him. The Maheswari family has allegedly been into benami land holdings in the Rajarhat area in a big way prompting even the land and land reforms department in the Left regime to vest a portion of their group holdings which was later challenged in the Calcutta high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14043104", "title": "Youth with disability found dead at Parnashree", "text": "KOLKATA: Mystery shrouds the death of a 22-year-old youth who was found hanging at his Porui Daspara home in the Parnashree police station area. The grandmother of the youth lodged a complaint of murder with police. The mystery now hinges on the postmortem report.The youth, Abhisek Banerjee, who was partially paralysed after he met with an accident at Base Bridge while crossing the level crossing as he was coming home from his job in 2011, was very upset with his disability. \"However, his condition was improving. He had been suffering from complete neurological disorder. He became vegetable.But he started improving after treatment at NIMHANS, Bangalore,\" said the victim's step-mother, Rina Banerjee. But his treatment could not be sustained because of paucity of funds. Both his father and uncle are taxi drivers. So after a point they could not arrange funds for his neurological treatment. But his convulsion was becomiing less and less. We had a hope that one day he will lead a normal life.\"Abhisek's own mother committed suicide when he was five. Ever since we brought him up,\" said his aunt Falguni Banerjee. But even after he recovered his senses, he became very short-tempered. He used to get angry, if he was given food a little late. He started moving on his own with a walker. He was sports-enthusiast and never missed a single IPL match, she said.Every morning, he used to wash his clothes, take bath and then visit the nearby Dharmaraj temple. After that he used to take breakfast. On Monday, his uncle Gautam Banerjee went to his room to call him for breakfast at around 11 am, He found him hanging from the rafter . \"We immediately barged into his room. Put down his body, put water in his mouth. But he did not respond,\" said Falguni Banerjee.We then informed his grandmother Sabita Roy, who lives in Sarsuna. They started accusing us without knowing the entire thing. I appealed to them that we must try to save his life. But they instead lodgeed a complaint with police station that he was killed by us. Several times, we asked her to keep her grandson (Abhisek) with her. But she never did it., said Falguni Banerjee.It is not that there was no quarrel in our house. Often there used to be quarrel and subsequent patching up. He sometimes expressed his disappointment and exclaimed that he would not live long. But we never had an inkling that he would commit suicide.DC (Behala) Subrata Mitra said, \"There is a complaint by the victim's grandmother. So everything now will depend on the post-mortem report. But on the basis of the complaintWe have initiated a murder case.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14039951", "title": "UP govt begins discussions on industrial policy", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh government on Monday, started the final stage of stakeholder consultations to formulate the new infrastructure, industrial and service sector investment policy-2012.The three-day consultation process, headed by member secretary of the steering committee, Sanjay Prasad, included discussions about land acquisition for industrial purposes, infrastructure, stamp duty, taxes, power, pollution, lending and market development support, among others. A common demand for time-bound issuance of notifications for proper implementation of the proposed policy was made by the industrial groups.Secretary, industrial development, Sanjay Prasad said, \"UP government is committed to incorporate progressive suggestions of all stakeholders to formulate a policy that encourages infrastructure and industrial development leading to employment generation and inclusive development.\"Among other demands voiced by the industrial bodies included the development of lateral industrial infrastructure, setting up of common facility centre, designing facilities, testing and inspection facilities for handicraft clusters and MSME as per international requirements. A demand for 'industrial tax', separate from residential or commercial tax was also voiced.Indian Industries Association also demanded the rigorous implementation of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act (MSMED) 2006. Industrial associations also sought uninterrupted and reliable power supply to industries.The next rounds of consultations with industrial associations will continue on Tuesday and Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14036850", "title": "Ramdev meets Chandrababu Naidu", "text": "HYDERABAD: Seeking support for his proposed nationwide agitation against black money and corruption on August 9, yoga guru Baba Ramdev called on Telugu Desam Party chief N Chandrababu Naidu here on Monday.Responding positively to Ramdev's call, Naidu said he was ready to sit even with Congress leaders to rid the nation of corruption. \"Baba Ramdev is doing a great job in fighting corruption. While appreciating his struggle to bring back black money stashed in foreign banks, I and my party extend our whole-hearted support to the noble cause,\" the TDP chief said at a joint press meet.However, he and Ramdev had to face a volley of questions from the scribes on the charges of corruption levelled against them. \"I have so far received more than 60 notices on various charges. However, not one of them has an iota of proof,\" Ramdev said. Regarding involving Congress leaders in the fight against corruption, Ramdev said he had appealed to Sonia Gandhi and Rahul Gandhi to join the movement and had sought their appointments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14043537", "title": "Water supply in Bangalore to remain affected today", "text": "BANGALORE: Taps will remain dry from noon to night on Tuesday, confirmed the Bangalore Water Supply and Sewerage Board (BWSSB), on Monday. The Board reviewed its earlier decision to shut down all the pumps for 18-20 hours at a stretch and decided to switch on the pumps as and when work completes on each of the systems, BWSSB chairman Gaurav Gupta told TOI. But the possibility of rain gods staying away for at least for next two days may keep the citizens worried.\"We have to take up such major works now to prepare ourselves for the next level of additional water supply to the city and make our city water secure. However, after reviewing the effect that the shutdowns for 18-20 hours of our pumps on the entire city, we planned to take up the work and switch on pumps as and when work on each pumping station gets over,\" said Gupta.He explained that all the stages of Cauvery Water Supply Scheme (CWSS) 1, 2, 3, 4 phase 1 have three pumping stations at TK Halli, Harohalli and Tataguni. Each of them has 20 pumping stations and the work on each set of four to five pumping sets takes a lot of time. He also said that physically, all the pipelines of CWSS stages have to be interlinked with the new stage 4 phase 2, set to be commissioned by end of July to pump 500 MLD of water in addition to the 900 MLD supplied by the other stages.Massive jobThe BWSSB has a tough job at hand from Tuesday 10am after shutting down all the pumping stations and drying up the pipelines. Water will be restored in parts of south, central and western Bangalore by Tuesday evening when they switch on the CWSS Stages 1 and 2 at 4pm. Other parts of west, entire southern Bangalore, select areas of north and eastern Bangalore will get water by night on Tuesday when the pumps of CWSS Stage 3 will be turned on by 6pm.Gupta said: \"The Cauvery Stage 4 phase 1 essentially gives water to the peripheral areas of eastern Bangalore and some extreme northern areas, which will get water by 4am on Wednesday. Works on this stage might take some more time, but their teams will make all efforts to restore water by Wednesday morning itself.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14034961", "title": "People outsmart parties and candidates ahead of bypoll", "text": "RANCHI: People in Hatia assembly constituency have outsmarted their to-be representatives ahead of the bypoll. For they have charged money smartly for every bit of assistance extended to the political parties and their candidates. While senior politicians have leveled charges against each other for using money power, the district administration is also keeping a close vigil to check use of money. However, no contestant has been spared by the common man in charging money under different heads.If one family has charged Rs 200 for putting up flags of a particular political party, another has charged Rs 500 from the opponent though this fee is a secret understanding among the candidate and the 'flag bearer'. Youths in suburbs have also made best use of the opportunity. Youth BJP member Jayant said his party workers were spectators to the gameplan hatched by some of groups active in areas like Naya Sarai, Nagri, Hethu and Tiril where the same group charged money from representatives of different political parties to support them in electioneering. \"People have made money in offering their homes and shops to use as election offices to political parties and their rates have varied according to the status of political party and location,\" said Ismail Khan unwilling to be identified with any particular political party.Former Union minister Yashwant Sinha , while addressing a press conference at the party headquarters, requested the district administration to remain alert during 48 hours prior to election date. \"Money power is going to finalize equations and this could be controlled by a vigilant administration only,\" he said. Substantiating his claims administration was successful in recovering Rs 61,000 in cash from a Congress campaign vehicle.Ranchi DC K K Soan admitted that they have received complaints and have acted upon them immediately whenever use of money was reported. \"Our flying squads will remain vigil even on Tuesday and report every small matter immediately to ensure free and fair polling,\" he said.The administration is unlikely to get hold of the instances where people have charged money for displaying hoardings, flags and banners at their homes given the fact that these has been the trend to demonstrate loyalty for a particular political party. Sources said this was the first time when loyalty demonstration has been linked with amount of cash coughed up by the candidates in fray and people, both in villages and urban area, have replaced the flags of one party with another for a better price.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14042313", "title": "Coastal jackfruit all set to create ripples in US", "text": "MANGALORE: Jackfruit, the sticky, sweet and smelly fruit popular along the Konkan coast and Kerala, is ready to cross the seas and make it to the United States of America . There, it will be savoured sandwiched in a burger and turned into many other products. Once considered a poor man's fruit, it is now at the heart of a campaign.Global Village Fruits Inc. (GVFI), a for-profit social enterprise started by pre-med anthropology concentrator and Harvard public service traveller Annemarie Ryu is set to export 25 tonne of dried jackfruit to the US, but she faces shortage of supply. To overcome the supply crisis, Annemarie along with her local partner NV Paulose is all set to launch 'The Jackfruit Campaign'.The increase in demand will translate into a boon for farmers here who are not able to market the fruit. Currently, a major share of jackfruit produced in undivided Dakshina Kannada district is wasted due to the lack of a proper market.GVFI will enable farmers here to market the fruit and make more profit.Paulose told TOI that though there is a demand for 25 tonne of dried jackfruit per year in the US, the supply here is less than 1 tonne.\"Annemarie will visit Mangalore to promote more ventures in jackfruit processing. GVFI will introduce more varieties of jackfruit products, including jackfruit burgers, if she is able to get more supply. This will further increase the demand for the fruit in the US, and farmers in India, especially those in coastal Karnataka, will get a higher price,\" he said.Anniemarie will meet jackfruit farmers, entrepreneurs and investors at a campaign in the city on June 16. She will present a special 3D shooting session on 'Jackfruit economics' and interact with stakeholders.Being a violinist, Anniemarie will also participate in a short musical concert to be held as part of the campaign, Paulose said, adding that she is expected to get more supply from India and South Asian countries too.A student of Harvard University , Annemarie had tasted jackfruit for the first time in her life in Bangalore last year. The magical feel she had after having Artocarpus heterophyllus, inspired her to start GVFI to create a market for the fruit and help Indian farmers, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "14034936", "title": "Lohardaga Integrated Counselling and Testing Centre detects more HIV cases", "text": "LOHARDAGA: There has been a rise in the number of HIV positive case in Lohardaga district in recent times. This has come to light with the proper functioning of government's HIV test centre in the district.Although the rise in number of HIV cases is a matter of concern for the common man, the district health department is looking at it in a positive manner. \"This will not only help the HIV positive person to avail better and free treatment but also stop transmission of HIV to others,\" said an official.In last two years the official figure of HIV positive cases was put at 22. Till 2010, eleven persons, including pregnant women and children, were found to be HIV positive in the tests conducted at the government's Integrated Counselling and Testing Centre (ICTC) run by State AIDS Control Society.Year-wise detection of HIV positive cases in the district for last three years on an average stands at five. The ICTC was opened in Lohardaga in 2008. Only one one HIV positive case was detected that year. Later detection of HIV positive cases increased. While in 2009 three such cases were detected. The number increased to seven in 2010, five were detected in 2011 and sixes cases have been detected so far in 2012, thereby, taking the total number since 2008 to 22.ICTC counsellor Archna Prasad, however, is not satisfied with the number of detection of HIV positive cases in the district. According to Prasad, many more persons suffer the disease but hesitate to come to the ICTC located at the Lohardaga Sadar Hospital for tests and counseling.\"Since my centre maintains everything one needs, trust is necessary. Although people are coming for HIV tests, we still have miles to go with regard to bringing about awareness among the people and removing reservation of those affected by HIV but keeping away from the ICTC. Migration is the source of the disease and this is a major problem as it is difficult to counsel, conduct tests and offer treatment to the affected persons who live outside the state. At most times we ask relatives to encourage their family members to go for testing at their nearest ICTC where they live,\" Prasad said.The absence of anti retro-viral therapy (ART) centre in the district is creating a problem. A 32-year-old woman found with HIV positive recently has still not started medication as she cannot travel alone. \"She is waiting for her husband, who works in Mumbai, to return. He, too, will have to undergo HIV test,\" a source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14039388", "title": "Jaipur Municipal Corporation record room gutted", "text": "JAIPUR: A massive fire broke out under mysterious circumstances in the record room, adjacent to the chief executive officer (CEO) Lok Nath Soni's room at the Jaipur Municipal Corporation (JMC) headquarters on Monday morning.Files, important documents and machinery worth thousands of rupees were destroyed in the fire that broke out around 4.30 am.According to the chief fire officer, Ishwar Lal Jat, \"It took around one hour and two fire tenders to douse the fire. Initially, fire extinguishers were used to control the fire as we wanted to save as many files as possible. However, when it went beyond control we threw water from fire tenders.\"It was reported the JMC guard Laxmi Naryan was going towards the gate to hoist the flag when he saw smoke coming out of the record room. Naryan called up the control room and fire tenders reached the spot around 5 am. Jat added, \"The fire was controlled in time, otherwise the incident could have been bigger as the record files of all the officials were in that room.\"Mayor Jyoti Khandelwal and CEO Lok Nath Soni also inspected the site just after the incident. An FSL team, too, collected samples for investigation. According to the officials, prima facie the fire broke out due to short circuit as around 14 electric switches on a board were on.Soni said, \"The reason of the fire is still not clear. A six-member committee has been constituted to investigate the cause.\" He claimed, \"The list of files and documents gutted in the fire is been prepared. Majority of the files were old.\" The committee comprises JMC headquarters commissioner, chief fire officer, commissioner personnel, commissioner vigilance and executive engineer electrical. The committee will present the report soon.However, Jyoti Khandelwal alleged, \"There is a possibility that the room was maliciously torched. Investigation against many officials is on. It might be an attempt to destroy evidence.\"While officials claimed records gutted were old, department sources said documents and important data available in computer were also destroyed in the fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14039488", "title": "Three held for lewd SMSs to beautician", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mahim police recently arrested a housewife for allegedly sending 30 vulgar SMSs to a 24-year-old woman for almost 37 days. Mahim resident Rubina Shaikh (29) was arrested along with her husband and their accomplice for committing the offence. They were later released on bail.Rubina reportedly committed the offence to allow her husband Mohammed Riyaz Shaikh (33) to have a physical relationship with the victim after harassing her repeatedly.Rubina was arrested on May 10 while her husband Mohammed and his friend Farhan Ansari (28) were held the previous day. \"The accused were caught through details of two sim cards that had been used in sending the obscene messages. One of the cards belonged to Farhan while the second was in the name of Rubina,\" said deputy commissioner of police (zone V) Dhananjay Kulkarni.Kulkarni said that they are probing the motive behind sending the lewd SMSs. \"Preliminary enquiriesfound that the main accused was trying to get her husband close to the victim,\" he said.The problem began for the victim, employed as a beautician in Dongri, when she received the first lewd SMS on May 2 and continued to receive similar ones till June 7. She decided to get police help when the matter turned into a nightmare. \"I didn't know who all were involved in sending the SMSs and the motive behind sending them was unclear. When the matter worsened I complained to the cops,\" the victim said. She said, \"I did not respond to the message neither called back the sender after the cops informed me.\"Meanwhile the investigators said that Rubina's husband provided her with Farhan's sim card which was used in the offence. HoweverThe accused claimed that someone has misused their numbers to malign their names.Mahim police senior inspector Dashrat Patil said that the three accused were arrested with the help of the address that was traced from the two numbers that was used in sending the messages. \"Rubina claimed that she is unaware who had misused her numbers. Investigations are on and the matter will be cleared soon,\" said Patil.The accused were booked under IPC sections for common intention and criminal intimidation. Also they were booked under the IT Act 67 (punishment for publishing or transmitting obscene material in electronic). They are released on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "dubai", "code": "14044821", "title": "7,500-yr-old pearl found in UAE", "text": "DUBAI: The oldest pearl in the history of human kind, that goes back to over seven centuries to the Neolithic age, was found in the UAE recently. The report, quoting a French National Centre for Scientific Research statement, said gem specialists believed that the oldest pearl hitherto known goes back to 3000 BC and was found at an antiquity site in Japan.The centre added that the pearl, which was discovered lately in the Umm Al Quwain emirate of the UAE, was found to be of 5500 BC time after it was tested by Carbon 14. According to the Center, the pearl is the oldest known in the Arabian Peninsula and across the world.This newly discovered pearl along with other pearls found along the south western shores of the Arabian Peninsula indicates that this region witnessed the oldest clan hunting activity in the world for the value of pearls aesthetically and for special rituals, the Gulf News report said. Researchers clarified that natural pearls were important in funeral rituals where un-pierced pearls used to be delivered at the Umm Al Quwain cemetery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14041066", "title": "Seat confusion to affect Odisha joint entrance examination counselling", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Lack of clarity on availability of seats may delay counselling of Odisha joint entrance examination (OJEE) for admission in engineering colleges, officials said on Monday.The OJEE authorities said they can't give a definite date for engineering counseling at this stage because the seat matrix is not clear yet.\"Seats availability status is not clear yet,\" said OJEE chairman L N Panda.\"We hope to start engineering counselling by June 20 provided the seat matrix is known before that,\" he addedThe government said the seat combination in engineering should be clear by June third week.\"We hope the All India Council of Technical Education (AICTE) will give us the data by June third week,\" said technical education secretary Chandra Sekhar Kumar. Over 63,000 students have qualified for admission in around 40,000 engineering seats.For medical admission, however, students can register online from Friday.Though web-counseling is not new for engineering admission, e-counselling will be held for the first time for medical aspirants this year. While candidates can start filling their choice online from June 15, the OJEE authorities will allot seats after counseling for All India Pre Medical Entrance Test (AIPMT) ends.Around 2800 students have qualified the OJEE medical for admission into around 600 seats. There are 20 nodal centres for counselling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14037121", "title": "Centre cheated us on quota: Muslim leaders", "text": "NEW DELHI: Muslim leaders slammed the Centre for not being serious about the community's development after the Supreme Court pulled up the government for its casual handling of 4.5% sub-quota for minorities within the 27% OBC reservation in central educational institutions like IITs. However, some community leaders reserved their comment till Wednesday, when the case comes up for hearing next in SC.Jamiat Ulama-i-Hind leader Mahmood Madani said neither the government of India nor the AP government did anything to defend the 4.5% sub-quota for minorities in court. \"This is betrayal by the government. Muslims feel cheated by the government's casual approach,\" said Madani.Dr Zafarul Islam Khan, president of All India Muslim Majlis-Mushwarat, an umbrella body of Indian Muslim organizations, criticized the Centre for lack of preparation to defend the sub-quota in court. \"In Andhra Pradesh high court, too, the state government sent a junior lawyer. It only shows the Congress is not serious about the sub-quota,\" he said.All India Muslim Personal Law Board member Kamal Faruqui echoed similar views. \"The Supreme Court was right when it said people who announced the sub-quota have not done their homework,\" he said.Community leaders believed announcement of the sub-quota by the UPA government was a poll gimmick aimed at appeasing Muslims in UP. Khan said, \"It seems they (Government of India) now want to get rid of the sub quota proposal. So, the government is not defending it properly in court.\"\"The sub-quota was a good step, but the government seems to have lost interest,\" said Sharique Ansar, national secretary of Students' Islamic Organization of India (SIO).He demanded the HRD ministry issue clear directions to educational institutions to carry on with existing decisions by June 13. \"The future of hundreds of students will be jeopardized if this is not done,\" he said. IIT counseling starts from June 10.Syed Babar Ashraf, national secretary of All India Ulema and Mashaikh Board, said, \"The government is not serious about development of Muslims. It is not serious about implementing recommendations by Sachar Committee and Ranganath Mishra Committee either.\"Citing an instance about the Congress's causal approach to development towards Muslims, Faruqui said a case to amend Article 341 of the Constitution is still pending in Supreme Court. \"In the last year and a half, they haven't filed an affidavit.\"Article 341 doesn't allow Muslims and Christians to claims scheduled caste status and seek reservation while allowing Hindus, Sikhs and Buddhists to do so. \"In 1937, backward Muslims were entitled to reservation, but the Congress through a Cabinet note approved by the President snatched it away from them in 1950,\" added Faruqui.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14035124", "title": "BPEd, MPEd students' documents under lens", "text": "BHOPAL: Students of Barkatullah University affiliated colleges of BPEd (bachelor of physical education) and MPEd (master of physical education), who have not yet submitted original documents, are under the scanner. In a somewhat belated move, the university on June 2 decided to verify the authenticity of the mark-sheets submitted by students.A large number of students have submitted testimonials while some of them have not yet submitted their original documents, said sources in the university.BU registrar Sanjay Tiwari said that the university would not let students off the hook, who have managed to get admission in colleges by submitting fake documents.\"We will ask the respective universities to verify the documents submitted by students at the time of admission,\" Tiwari said.The university had issued a notification on June 2 asking students to submit their original mark-sheets before appearing for exams, by June 11 after complaints had been made to the Governor on alleged violation of admission norms.The semester exams of the BPEd exam will start from June 13 and that of the MPEd exam will start from June 21.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14041311", "title": "Solid waste management plant starts functioning in Karsada village", "text": "VARANASI: Farmers can now expect the ready packets of manures within two months because the solid waste management (SWM) plant of the city, meant to convert the garbage into manure and refuse driven fuel (RDF), started functioning at Karsada village from June 8.According to municipal commissioner P K Pandey, 80 tonnes of garbage were treated in the segregation unit of the plant on the first day of its functioning. \"The recycler was made functional. Within a month, garbage from the entire city will start getting treated,\" he said.According to Kailash Shukla, an official of Uttar Pradesh Jal Nigam looking after the project, around 50 to 100 tonnes of garbage will be collected daily.\"The plant is functional in its initial stage. In the first month, garbage will be treated in segregation unit where non-biodegradable and biodegradable elements will be separated and collected. The biodegradable part will be decomposed simultaneously for the preparation of manures while the non biodegradable elements will be used for manufacturing RDF,\" Shukla said.\"It is expected that the manures will be available in market within two months. However, generation of power is not possible. The SWM plant still depends on generators as the work of power connection is under progress,\" he added.The SWM plant was proposed under Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) in 2010. A Gurgaon-based company A2Z has been collecting solid waste and garbage from houses in almost all the 90 wards of the city. Nearly 40 acres of land was provided at Kadsada village for installation of the plant.The deadline for the completion of the project was changed four times in the past seven months.The project started on August 2010, with a sanctioned fund of Rs 4,867.73. The expected deadline of the project was September 2011. According to the officials, the work could not be completed due to long monsoon season in 2011. The flood and heavy rain in the region further delayed the work and then tentative date for the completion of the project was postponed to December 31, 2011. This followed delays in the deadline due to late arrival of machineries and equipment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14042384", "title": "Hostel inmates cry foul over food, lack of security", "text": "MYSORE: Over 300 girl inmates of post-matric hostels at Vontikoppal here staged a protest on Sunday, accusing the warden of not attending to their needs and serving unhygienic food to them.The students of PU and degree colleges said that they are being forced to starve because of unhygienic food. \"The incidents of eve-teasing are on the rise as the hostel lacks security,\" they said. The hostel is maintained by social welfare department.The inmates also charged hostel warden Manjula with hardly visiting them and abusing those who complain about the alleged lack of facilities and quality of food. \"Many of us sleep without food. The two-storey building has only six toilets in each floor and are not clean,\" they said.District social welfare officer Mahadevappa told TOI that he is aware of the problems being faced by the students. \"I will send a proposal to change the warden,\" he said, adding that he will attend to the complaints.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "14042250", "title": "Indo-Bangla trade via Akhaura suspended", "text": "AGARTALA: Trade between India and Bangladesh through the Akhaura land customs station (LCS) here has been suspended for indefinite period from Sunday following a dispute between businessmen and transporters.Secretary of Indo-Bangladesh Importers and Exporters (IBIE) Habul Biswas told the media that despite several rounds of talks involving all concerned and government officials, there is no indication of the problem getting solved. He said the Brahamanbaria Truck Samiti (BTS) had been objecting parking of loaded trucks coming from other districts of Bangladesh with export materials at Akhaura LCS and has demanded that priority be given to Brahamanbaria district.Biswas added that IBIE officials of both the countries had held meetings with both traders and BTS but to no avail. He said the BTS was not allowing any truck to get into India. BTS argued that there were seven LCS along the Tripura-Bangladesh border, covering almost 13 districts of Bangladesh. Even then traders had been concentrating more on Akhaura despite poor infrastructure on both sides of the border, he said.A few trucks of fish have been allowed to entire the Akhaura LCS on Monday with the request of IBIE and custom officials. But the BTS has made it clear that no other vehicle would be entertained. Suspension of border trade in Akhaura LCS will result in loss of Rs 2.5 crore every day.Elsewhere on the western border of Tripura, three persons, including a woman, were injured in a group clash on Monday. According to reports, two complaints have been lodged with police stating that both sides are involved in illegal spice business with Bangladesh through Durganagar village in Sonamura.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14043662", "title": "Angels give flight to dreams", "text": "BANGALORE: Until a couple of days ago, Sayaga Mary was clueless about how to get her two daughters admitted to school, despite getting free seats in the 25% quota under the RTE. Sayaga Mary, a construction worker, could not afford the uniforms, textbooks and other stationery. She was ready to withdraw her daughters.For Sayaga and many others like her, education is within grasp, but these additional costs are a deterrent. \"The school charges Rs 2,000 for uniforms and textbooks. Since both my daughters were joining, the amount was Rs 4,000. I did not have such a big amount, and even as I was contemplating sending them to a nearby Kannada-medium government school, two people adopted my daughters financially,\" says a grateful Sayaga. A heavy burden is off her shoulders.Kavita R, a widow and construction worker, had a similar story to narrate. Kavita has been jobless for a week and had no money to pay for her child's accessories for school. Another helpless parent, Bibi Jaan, was also planning to put her son Yasir, 6, in a government school due to financial problems. \"I wanted to send Yasir to a good school and got admission through RTE, but the extra money being charged for accessories was holding me back. It was then that Syed Faheem came up and lent a helping hand. My son is going to school now,\" smiled Bibi Jaan.There are many like Faheem, an interior decorator, who are coming forward and adopting families like that of Bibi Jaan and Sayaga, after school authorities and the government washed their hands of their responsibilities. \"I am helping Bibi Jaan's son, Yasir, after I learnt about the child through word of mouth. I feel our country can develop only if 100% literacy is achieved. I am arranging for school uniforms and textbooks for him, and will continue to do so till he finishes Class VIII,\" said Faheem.Abdul Waheed Farooq, running a small business in Fraser Town, is Sayaga's angel. Waheed is funding Sayaga's daughter Durga, and says that he is willing to adopt one more child if somebody asks him for help.Vinod Benjamin, another businessman, also came forward with monetary support. \"Although I feel happy and privileged doing it, I feel private schools should have done their bit by charging less. But it's impractical to expect it, as education has turned into a business rather than a service,\" says Vinod.Saifulla Khan Ravoof and Yasir Mohammed are some others who are helping out these slum-dwellers to ensure that they join mainstream society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14044336", "title": "One more suspect in T P Chandrasekharan murder case held", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The SIT investigating the T P Chandrasekharan murder case on Monday arrested K C Anup, who was allegedly among those who had hacked the RMP leader to death.Anup, was the driver of the Innova. He had knocked down TP from his motorbike and hacked him with a sword. Anup, arrested from Karnataka, hails from Chendayad near Thalassery .After the murder, Anup went to Chokli along with other assailants before leaving for Mysore and Maharashtra with T K Rajeesh. Both parted ways when after finding police on their trail. He fled Maharashtra after police reached Mumabi. Anup was arrested following leads given by Rajeesh. He will be produced before the judicial first magistrate court, Vadakara, on Tuesday.Meanwhile, an identification parade on Rajeesh was conducted at the district jail. Two eye-witnesses came to the jail for the parade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14052236", "title": "All that glitters and dazzles", "text": "When the rest of the city was busy getting drenched, the temperature at Galaxy, The Park, was sent soaring with city models scorching the ramp. 'Alankarik', Kolkata Jewellers Nights witnessed a night lit up by the gems of the jewellery industry to offer jewellers a unique platform that would help open newer lifestyle vistas.Model Pooja's red zardosi sari was perhaps the look that drew the loudest applause from women. The diamond jewellery collection focused on a more high-street range of necklaces and danglers. Showstopper Parijat Chakraborty grabbed eyeballs with an elegant diamond-studded brooch. \"It's an Oscar piece\", said an elated Parijat. \"The diamond neckpiece is a current favourite\", said host Pamela who looked fetching in a strappy low-cut orange gown.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14035973", "title": "A relic of Mauryan era", "text": "When Charles Fossey was excavating in the Tigris-Euphrates region, often called the cradle of civilization by historians, in the year 1913, he knew he was on the brink of discovering history. Soon, the site of the ancient city of Ectabana was in front of him. The capital of Medes, passing on to Cyrus the Great, Ectabana needed no introduction. Herodotus, way back in the 5th century BCE, wrote, \"The Medes built the city of Ectabana, the walls of which are of great size and strength, rising in circles one within the other.\" Ancient cities of Amarna and Susa, too, were excavated at around the same time.Rapid excavations were going on in India, too, by the British Archaeological Survey of India. When the only American in the British ASI, D B Spooner, armed with knowledge of Sanskrit, was called to excavate a site in and around Kumhrar in Patna in 1912, he was filled with thrill when the ancient capital of the Mauryans rolled before his wonderstruck eyes. He kept digging frantically for the next three years, rediscovering the grandeur, trials and tribulations, the joys and sorrows of the people who inhabited the land since 490 BCE.Shifting his capital from Rajgriha, the Magadhan capital, Ajatshatru and later, his son Udayin fortified Pataliputra in the year 490 BCE. Remaining the seat of power of the great Mauryas, the Sungas and the Guptas, Pataliputra, one of the oldest living cities of the world, continued to be India's capital for over one millennium.Alternately called Kusumpura, Palibothra, and Pushpapur, the ruins of the ancient capital of the Mauryans, Pataliputra, first came to light in 1912-15 after remaining buried for two millennia. The British Archaeological Survey of India, under whose head Spooner excavated Kumhrar, discovered 72 pillars. Further excavations under the direction of noted historian A S Altekar in 1951-55 under the aegis of K P Jayaswal Institute revealed 8 more pillars. Altekar described the site, after its excavation, as \"probably the earliest huge stone-pillared structure to be built by Indian architects\" was a relic of the Mauryan empire.In the light of the excavations, the hall's 80 pillars were seen arranged in parallel rows of 10 from east to west and 8 from north to south with the entrance located on the south. All the pillars, made of sandstone quarried from Chunar in Mirzapur district of UP, and carried downstream to Pataliputra, were placed at regular intervals of about 4.57 metres. Huge monoliths, with each pillar about 9.75 metres in height of which nearly 2.74 metres being buried below, had a lustrous shine, very typical of Mauryan architectural style, and were fixed on square wooden basements. The hall's floor and roof were made of wood. Today, while historians continue to grope in the dark about the other Mauryan and Gupta ruins, the famed 80-pillared hall cannot be seen with the naked eye over two millennia down the line, as the entire structure is submerged under heaps of soil. Only one pillar is now on display at Kumhrar. However, the ASI made a model of the hall in 2004 and has placed it in a glass frame in the exhibition hall within the precincts, housing the other artefacts discovered during excavations. Spooner's finds from Kumhrar and adjoining Bulandibagh consisting of punch-marked coins, terracotta figurines, including the head of a smiling boy and a dancing girl, stone and glass beads, finished and unfinished seals, including a glass seal with a Mauryan inscription, and a spoked cart have been preserved for posterity.Bulandibagh, already tapped by Spooner, was re-excavated in 1926-27 by J A Page and M Ghosh resulting in the discovery of an eastern-western wooden structure running as excavated area for a distance of about 137 metres. It is a wall made of heavy wooden sleepers placed vertically in a double row, with similar sleepers joining them horizontally at the bottom and is thought to be a part of the wooden palisade seen by noted historian and ambassador of Seleucus Nicator, Megasthenes, who wrote in his 'Indica' that Pataliputra was long but narrow; it was 80 stadiums (nearly 9 miles) long and 15 stadiums (nearly 2 miles) broad and in the form of a parallelogram. The circumference of the well-planned city was nearly 23 miles. The Indica, written in 300 BCE, has the earliest literary evidences on the ancient city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14039486", "title": "Detained foreign aircraft allowed to fly to Dhaka", "text": "JAIPUR: The detained foreign-operated chartered plane, flying from Muscat to Bangkok via Jaipur and Dhaka was given a clean chit after its crew was quizzed by the intelligence agencies here on Monday.The plane had, as per its flight plan, landed at Jaipur airport late on Sunday for refuelling when it was detained and the four-member crew was questioned on Monday.The chartered plane, a Dornier 228 that can also be used as a surveillance and reconnaissance aircraft, originated from Muscat. It was scheduled to leave for Bangkok from here via Dhaka.The authorities clarified that the crew had no illegal mission while it deviated from its path and was seen \"over flying\" near Jodhpur airbase.However, alarm bells rang in the aviation security establishment on Sunday evening when the Kenyan-based chartered aircraft flying from Muscat to Dhaka was spotted in the restricted airspace of Jodhpur. The Air Force authorities raised doubts on the \"over flying\" and intimated the Airport authority of India, Delhi. Since, the aircraft was scheduled to land at Sanganer airport for re-fuelling, the AAI india, Jaipur, intimated various agencies after the flight landed.A team comprising officers of state and Central intelligence agencies chipped in to interrogate the four-member crew who were questioned for almost 12 hours.\"The pilot Ibrahim Hun, a co-pilot and two engineers were interrogated by a joint team for almost 12 hours till 3 pm on Monday,\" said Paul Manikam, director, AAI, Jaipur.\"The crew cited the failure of GPS (global positioning system) due to which the plane lost its way and ended up \"over flying\" near Jodhpur airbase,\" DS Dinkar, additional director-general, intelligence told TOI.To verify the claims of the crew, a team of aeronautical engineers and other technical staff scanned the aircraft for almost one hour and concluded that their reason to stray away (GPS failure) was genuine. The approved flight plan of the aircraft had Jaipur and Dhaka as its destination for re-fueling while its final destination was Bangkok where the aircraft was to be delivered to a company, he said.Later, the AAI, Jaipur authorities told the director-general, civil aviation about their findings. \"The intel agencies were convinced with the reasons cited by crew members and the on the approval of the DGCA, it was allowed to take off for Dhaka,\" he added.\"The aircraft finally took off from here at 7.40 pm,\" Manikam concluded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14036559", "title": "Overwhelmed by passengers\u2019 reaction: AI pilot", "text": "NEW DELHI: Captain courageous Urmila Yadav's ring tone - akele hain to kya gham hai, chahein to hamare bas mein kya nahin - proved to be true for the single commander with an Air India subsidiary on Sunday. Just when she was retracting her ATR aircraft's undercarriage after taking off from Silchar for Guwahati with 48 passengers, two airhostesses and a co-pilot on board, the Alliance Air commander was informed by an ATC official that her ATR aircraft had lost a wheel.There was the natural initial shock, but then commander with 4,000 flying hours quickly realized that many lives were in her hands and that there was no time for fear. She vowed to land the ATR-42 safely. A series of key decisions, honed by long years she spent as a pilot trainer, taken with co-pilot Yashu Bareza and on-board engineer SK Mahanta ensured that everyone landed safely and unhurt at their destination.\"After being informed about the wheel loss, I told the ATC official that we will hold near Silchar for some time so that she could tell us whether we had lost a nose or main wheel. A while later, she told us it seemed to be a nosewheel but wasn't sure. The weather at Silchar was bad at that time. It was raining and there were low clouds. I then decided to proceed to Guwahati which has a longer runway and better emergency facilities,\" the 50-year-old commander said.Captain Yadav then called her airhostesses to the cockpit and told them what had happened. She asked them to inform passengers about the snag and assure them that the plane would have a safe emergency landing. \"The aim was to ensure that there was no panic in the cabin as that could have destabilized the plane. We asked the passengers to follow whatever instructions the cabin crew would give; keep their seat belts fastened and not move from their seats unless asked,\" she said.After reaching Guwahati, she made a low pass over the airport to find out exactly which wheel had the aircraft lost and whether it was just a wheel or an entire landing gear. The ATR has six tyres in all -- a set of two nose wheels and two sets of twin main wheels. Once Yadav was told that one of the nose wheels was missing, she took the most crucial decision.\"The handbags in overhead bins were kept under rear seats and the passengers were also shifted to the rear seats. The idea was to shift the aircraft's centre of gravity to the rear. Once we landed, the nosewheel was kept in the air for as long as possible and lowered when the aircraft had slowed down considerably,\" the pilot said. Once the aircraft stopped safely, the hugely relieved passengers clapped, cheered and hugged the commander and her co-pilot. \"I was overwhelmed by the reaction from passengers. It was a great moment,\" she said.Delhi-based Yadav was trained to instinctively handle emergencies when she taught trainees to fly as an instructor. Later she got used to being extra careful as she flew VIPs, including top politicians like Mayawati, Mulayam Singh, late Biju Patnaik, Navin Patnaik and George Fernandes, during her stint with corporate houses. She joined Alliance Air (a subsidiary of Air India) in 2006 and then left it two years later to be with Airports Authority of India in Delhi. When Alliance Air got a base in Delhi, she again joined it last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14035635", "title": "Andhra govt cancels Bayyaram mining lease", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Kiran Reddy government on Monday decided to cancel the lease of Bayyaram iron ore mines spread across three mandals in Khammam district. Around 1.4 lakh acres of land was leased to a joint venture of AP Minerals Development Corporation Ltd (APMDCL) and Rakshana Steels for iron ore mining. The TDP had linked Rakshana Steels to a member of the YSR family.The land is situated in Bayyaram, Garla and Nelakondapally mandals in Khammam district. Incidentally, the huge tract bearing iron ore was given to Rakshana Steels on the lines of the bauxite agreement that APMDCL had signed with Anrak in Visakhapatanam district in 2007. The GO ratifying the joint venture of APMDCL and Rakshana Steels in 2009 explicitly mentioned the Anrak bauxite agreement. So, the cancellation of the Bayyaram joint venture should put a question mark on the bauxite project in Visakhapattanam as well, state government sources said.According to sources in the chief minister's office, Kiran has okayed the approval sought by the department of mining for the cancellation of the APMDCL-Rakshana Steels joint venture. The CM has approved the cancellation of the project. A GO to that effect will be issued anytime now, the sources added.To benefit Rakshana Steels, both the YSR and Rosaiah governments had circumvented the Land Transfer Regulation Act 1959 and the Mines and Mineral Development and Regulation Act 1957. These two acts prevent non-tribals from conducting mining activities in tribal areas. To bypass the clauses guaranteed in these two acts, the state government issued GO No 64 on June 30, 2010, by which it handed over 56690 hectares (1.4 lakh acres) in Khammam district for 10 years to APMDCL which in turn transferred the land to a joint venture of APMDCL and Rakshana Steels by which the land finally landed with the private company.To facilitate this, the YSR regime had constituted the APMDCL-Rakshana joint venture by a GO (No 69) on February 24, 2009. This GO was signed by then mining secretary Y Srilakshmi, who is now in Chanchalguda jail after being arrested in the illegal mining case by the CBI. Incidentally, GO 69 said, \"The terms and conditions as stipulated in the bauxite agreement with M/S Anrak holds good.\" Even though the process for Bayyaram lease was initiated in 2006 by the YSR government, GO 64 was issued when K Rosaiah was the chief minister. GO 64 was signed by then mining secretary Ranjeev R Acharya, wife of BP Acharya, the IAS officer who is in jail now in the Emaar scam.The Bayyaram joint venture had rocked the entire monsoon session of the state assembly in June 2010. The issue was raised by CPI MLA K Sambasiva Rao during question hour. Tribal organizations from the region opposed the lease. While the TDP, charging that Rakshana Steels was owned by a close relative of YSR, wanted a white paper on the issue, the CPI led an agitation demanding the cancellation of the deal. Environmental organizations objected to the project as more than one-third of the leased land was covered by habitations, roads and railway lines.What created the problem for the government was the way the land was transferred to Rakshana Steels. GO 64 said, \"Being the public sector organisation, M/S AP Mineral Development Corporation Ltd has vast experience in scientific mining and development of mineral resources including iron ore.\" However, APMDCL in turn transferred the land to Rakshana Steels, a joint venture partner.Buckling under the pressure of political parties in 2010, chief minister Rosaiah wrote to the centre seeking a review of the permissions it had given to the state government. In response, the centre had directed the state to cancel GO 64 issued to assign the land in the area to Rakshana Steels. The company had claimed it would set up a steel plant at a cost of Rs 500 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14049314", "title": "Cops strive to get lead in two-month-old murder case", "text": "MUMBAI: The Powai police probing the murder of an unidentified woman (aged between 25-30) who was burnt alive at Vihar lake in Powai locality on April 12, are yet to ascertain the victim's identity and whereabouts and get a lead into the case. The victim was found dead under a pipeline near the lake.Powai police inspector AK Sonawane said that they have went through the missing complaints that have been registered across the city police stations to get to know whereabouts of the victim's family members but was in vain. \"We had also taken the help of about 22 civic security officials, but it is proving difficult to identify the body,\" said Sonawane.The burnt body was spotted early morning on April 12, believed to be aged 25-30. A case of murder and destruction of evidence has been registered against unidentified persons. \"The victim's face had 100 per cent burns, making it impossible for us to identify her. The body was found in a decomposed state,\" said the investigators.The investigators said two months has passed and no one has come forward to claim the body. The motive is still unclear as gold bangles were found on the victim's hands, prompting the police to rule out robbery as the motive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14036288", "title": "Cops on high alert for Andhra bypolls", "text": "HYDERABAD: Over 15,000 security personnel have been deployed to ensure free and fair conduct of Tuesday's byelections to 18 Assembly seats and the lone Nellore Lok Sabha constituency.Briefing the media about the bandobust for the bypolls on Monday, director general of police V Dinesh Reddy said that over 15,000 security personnel, including 200 battalions of central paramilitary, have been deployed for the bypolls.Nearly 2,000 police officers, under the supervision of a deputy superintendent of police (DSP), would be responsible for the security of each mandal in the bypoll-bound districts.Leaving nothing to chance, police have also put together 200 striking parties and 100 special striking parties which would be available at the district SPs' disposal to deal with any law and order situation. To prevent unscrupulous elements from moving freely in the constituencies, police have put up 270 check-posts. Police have identified 3,000 out of some 5,000-odd police booths as being prone to disturbance.Five IPS officers, including an IG, a DIG and two SP-rank officers, have been assigned to each bypoll-bound district.History-sheeters in the 18 Assembly constituencies were taken into preventive custody on Monday evening and shadow teams have been deployed to keep an eye on political leaders likely to cause trouble.Greyhounds personnel and road-opening parties (ROP) have been deployed in the 93 Maoist-affected zones.\"Elections are the backbone of a democracy and we have made all the necessary security arrangements to ensure that people are able to exercise their franchise without any fear,\" the DGP said, sounding confident about their preparation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14039885", "title": "Management teacher undergoes sex change", "text": "VADODARA: A core faculty member at a prominent management institute in Kutch has successfully undergone a sex change surgery.Suresh Lalwani, who has been teaching finance and general management at Tolani Institute of Management Studies in Adipur since six years, has been rechristened as Shreya Ramchand Lalwani after the sex reassignment surgery (SRS).Shreya today even avoids giving her earlier name. \"I don't like it. It never gave me an identity,\" she says. She is now growing her hair, wears a saree and fancy sandals like any other girl. And like a typical lady, she feels uncomfortable answering personal questions. But she wants to hide little about her identity and insists that her name be mentioned with that of her father.Even as a six-year-old child symptoms of Shreya being different from other boys started emerging. \"I used to play with female friends and took up roles of girls. I tried behaving like a male, but was never comfortable and it never came from inside,\" Shreya says. \"It was evident that I was a fertile male with a female psyche,\" she said.Shreya, who holds three post-graduate degrees and has also undergone a faculty development programme at IIM, Ahmedabad, said that she was told by psychiatrists about her gender identity crisis and eventually decided to go in for SRS. She underwent intense counseling by psychiatrists for a year from April 2010. From around April 2011, she was put on hormones. But Shreya has preserved 'her' sperms with a sperm bank in Mumbai that will keep them for 10 years.She was eventually operated on March 16 and is still being given hormones. The Laksya Trust and its founder gay prince Manvendra Singh Gohil supported her during the period. \"I know I can't become a mother. In future, if possible, I can use these for surrogacy. I would be the mother and father of the same child,\" said Shreya, who hails from a well-to-do family.The biggest support to Shreya came from her alma mater and workplace Tolani Vidyamandir Campus (TVC), particularly TVC president Anjana Hazari. \"I tendered by resignation before starting the procedure. Hazari told me that I could take a leave and was even offered financial support,\" Shreya said.Shreya is now pursuing her PhD on 'Gender Diversity at Work Place and Handling Discrimination' and plans to go back to teaching.TVC campus director Laxman Daryani said that after Shreya confided to Hazari, the entire campus rallied behind her. \"We met doctors and ensured that the procedure is safe. Her parents were reluctant, but we worked with them too. She was a brilliant student of this campus and is a good teacher who will always get support,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14044768", "title": "Four out of ten accused of land grab arrested", "text": "NASHIK: Nearly a month after farmers from Odha and Sayyad Pimpri villages presented their complaints to the police regarding Gangadhar Jadhav of Vikrant Happy Homes for allegedly making a fake general power of attorney to grab their land, the Sarkarwada police have arrested four out of ten accused in the case. All the arrested have been remanded to police custody till June 13.After studying the papers presented by farmers on the issue, the police finally moved to first registered the case against the accused and then arrested four, including Gangadhar Jadhav and his son Prashant. The others arrested are employees of Jadhav's firm. Vikrant Happy Homes,A notary, Bhaskar Jadhav, one of the accused, was not arrested, the sources said.Sachin Rikame, one of the affected farmers, said that in 2008, the farmers learnt that Vikrant Happy Homes had taken non-agricultural permission for two pieces of lands admeasuring 14,15,100 sq m and Rs 3,28,849 sq m in survey numbers 138, 145, 146 in Odha and Sayyad Pimpri villages in 1995. A right to information plea reply revealed that Jadhav had got the power of attorney done in the names of landholders who had died before 1994, farmer Rajaram Dhikale said.Cops said that of the ten, two were prime accused who had allegedly grabbed the land, while all others except the notary were employees of Vikrant Happy Homes. Also, the notary has not yet been arrested, they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14035515", "title": "Monsoon threat looms large over Ashoorkhana", "text": "HYDERABAD: Monsoon is synonymous with relief but not so for the many heritage monuments in the city. This monsoon may very well sound the death knell for the Badeshahi Ashoorkhana, arguably one the most dilapidated structures in Hyderabad.Built in 1594 by Muhammad Quli Qutb Shah, the Badeshahi Ashoorkhana complex comprises five buildings and a courtyard. Being the biggest and most prominent place of mourning for the Shia Muslims during the month of Moharram, devotees in the thousands assemble here to offer prayers. Inquisitive and informed tourists too troop in to take a closer look at the intricate Persian-style tile works in the main hall.The complex was declared a protected structure in 1952 but has received little care since then. The problem of encroachments, though decades old, began to be addressed only in the 1990s. In December 2011, after two high court petitions, the complex was finally rid of the encroachments. But its repair has still not taken off. Having weathered several monsoons, the years of neglect took its toll resulting in the collapse of the Naqar Khana in 2007. This was followed by the collapse of two other structures in 2009 and 2011 during the monsoon.Abbas Ali Moosvi, the caretaker of the Ashoorkhana, informed that the high court had ordered the archeology department to take up restoration works. \"In response to a high court order in December, the government through the chief secretary had said in an affidavit that urgent restoration works to the tune of Rs 70 lakh would be completed by March this year after the receipt of funds under the 13{+t}{+h} Finance Commission. Even when the central tourism secretary visited this February, we were told that works would start in a month. But that has not happened. Officials maintain that funds have not reached them yet,\" he said.Moosvi lamented that the efforts to clear encroachers could be negated due to the lack of security at the complex. \"Owing to non-payment of salaries the guards do not stay put. As a result pushcart vendors are now occupying the chabutra outside the gate. If this is allowed to go on, the place will again come under occupation. The space outside the gate has become a parking lot. People also urinate outside the gate as there is nobody to stop them.\"Following a court order, a reputed architect was roped in by the government in 2009 to survey the complex and present a report. The restoration expert had submitted a detailed plan with estimates amounting to Rs 4.36 crore. But the fund-starved archeology department could not execute even the most urgent of the works.It is now learnt that Rs 25 crore was released for the present year from the commission and administrative sanction from the department of youth advancement, tourism and culture (YATC) is pending. But the funds cannot be made available until the finance department also issues a budget release order post sanction from YATC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14040658", "title": "UP govt has no plans to regularise illegal colonies: Azam Khan", "text": "LUCKNOW: The state government has no plans to regularise the mushrooming illegal colonies already developed by builders on private land. This was stated by parliamentary affairs minister Mohammed Azam Khan on the floor of the assembly, while replying a question raised by BJP MLA Satish Mahana.\"It will set a wrong precedent (of regularising illegal colonies) and therefore the government is not considering any such policy to provide sewer, water, electricity and other facilities on any such colonies developed on private land without having any development plan,\" Azam Khan said. He further added that it would be difficult to check activities of land mafia, if such regularisation is done.The minister said those who purchase cheap plots should think why it was made available to them on such rates. On being pointed out that master plan prepared for development of different cities of the state had a number of flaws, the minister assured the House that this would be looked into. Regarding another question asked by Suresh Kumar Khanna of BJP, Azam said, \"The government is considering to extend the benefit of the scheme providing Rs 30,000 per annum to high school pass Muslim girl students to other communities also.\" At present Muslim girls are being given the amount as per the Sachar committee's report, according to which the economic and social conditions of Muslims is worse than Dalits, Khan said.On the issue of checking circulation of fake Indian currency notes, Khan said that the government is serious about the issue and assured that strict action would be taken against those responsible for it. He said that the government had directed banks to be alert in order to check the menace and ensure security of ATMs installed on the Indo-Nepal border.\"We have asked banks to ensure special vigilance to check circulation of fake Indian currency notes and emphasise on security of ATMs installed on the Indo-Nepal border,\" Khan said. He was replying to a question raised by Congress MLA Mukesh Srivastav alias Gyanendra Pratap in the assembly.Admitting the menace of fake currency, the minister said that there is nothing to hide about the fact that the number of fake currency cases are on the rise in the state. At times, incidents of fake notes from bank ATMs had also come to light, the minister said, adding that in view of this RBI had been requested not to allow money into ATMs manually and deploy guards there after their character verification. He further said that the government is also going to direct the police to not only nab those caught with fake Indian currency notes, but also nab the sources from where they got it. He said for this purpose, orders had been issued to all district police chief and other concerned police officers to keep a strict vigilance on suspected elements especially on the Indo-Nepal border.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14036609", "title": "Citizens' groups try to thwart 'unjust' property tax system", "text": "MUMBAI: A few citizens' groups in the city have taken up the cudgels against the new capital-value-based property tax system. Terming it \"unjust\", they are urging other residents' groups and housing societies to press their corporators to not green-light the system in its present form when it comes up for approval in the BMC's general body meeting this month.The capital-value property tax system is to replace the old rateable value system, under which property tax was calculated according to the rent a unit commanded during the first year of its existence. The new system, which has been cleared by the standing committee, bases taxes for all buildings (old and new) according to the Ready Reckoner rate and is meant to \"rationalize taxes\".But citizens' groups like Advanced Locality Management and Networking Action Committee (ALMANAC) in Chembur and H (West) Ward Federation in Bandra (West) call the system unfair. They have launched a campaign called 'Property Tax and Us' to spread awareness about it among other residents' groups and housing societies.The two groups say it is \"draconian\" to compute taxes on Ready Reckoner rates, which could change frequently, and on the basis of built-up area, floor rise, availability of multi-level car parking, and amenities such as swimming pools. They insist the new system should not be implemented retroactively from April 1, 2010. \"Calculating taxes on the Ready Reckoner rate isn't fool-proof and has been challenged for years,\" said Rajkumar Sharma, chairperson of ALMANAC. \"Also, an amendment in the BMC Act says that property tax should be collected on carpet area and not built-up area. Yet, the new rules base the calculation on built-up area.\"The citizens' groups objected to the system taking into account the transfer development rights (TDR) and floor space index (FSI) potential of a property's open plot. \"Redeveloped properties have utilized their TDR and FSI. But what about owners of old properties who do not wish to redevelop their buildings? This is a notional evaluation till the property is redeveloped or sold,\" said Vidya Vaidya, a trustee of H (West) Ward Federation, said.The groups also criticized terming of amenities such as gym, clubhouse and health club as \"luxurious\". \"The societies that pay outgoings for amenities like pools are being called luxury apartments. The BMC is not providing these services and then taxing those who arrange them,\" said Sharma.Additional municipal commissioner Rajiv Jalota said the civic body's expert committee had taken into account citizens' objections while drafting the new system. \"What was possible was done by the administration,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "14034836", "title": "5 cadres of TPC splinter group held", "text": "DALTONGANJ: The district police on Monday arrested five cadres of a new outfit named TPC One, a splinter group of the Tritiya Prastuti Committee. Police also retrieved a number of weapons from them.SP Anoop T Mathew said the chief of this outfit, Rang Bahadur Singh, had been nabbed and jailed with four others. Singh hails from Dulsulma village. \"We came to know that a cadre of the TPC One had robbed a biker on Sunday on NH-75. We arrested five cadres and recovered weapons along with one cell phone,\" said the SP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "siliguri/kolkata", "code": "14042888", "title": "Gorkha Janmukti Morcha team to meet Mamata Banerjee for an honourable deal", "text": "SILIGURI/KOLKATA: With expectations touching the rock bottom in the Hills over the ways of Bimal Gurung and his party, a GJM delegation is coming down to Kolkata to meet chief minister Mamata Banerjee for an honourable bailout. The CM announced on Monday that she would meet the GJM delegation on June 14. Mamata will also talk to members of the civil society in the Hills and the plains on June 15. \"We have not received any official communication yet, but we have come to know from media reports that the CM has wanted to meet us and so we have decided to go to Kolkata on June 14,\" said GJM general secretary Roshan Giri.However, chances of a windfall in terms of more mouzas for the GJM seems bleak, particularly because the state government is planning to go for the panchayat polls by the end of this year.The resentment in the Hills over Bimal Gurng's failure to deliver the goods was apparent at the GJM central committee meeting on Sunday. Members there questioned the GJM president's decision to agree to the resolution adopted in March that the party would abide by the recommendations of the Shyamal Sen committee.Following the downturn and with leaders like Chhatre Subba and CPRM's R B Rai waiting in the wings to replace Bimal Gurung and lead the movement for a separate Gorkhaland, the GJM leadership is desperate to get the wind back in its sail.Feeling let down by the GJM, transport operator Panchen Lama of Siliguri said: \"We have been cheated. The GJM promised us large parts of the Terai and the Dooars and also three mouzas in Rajganj block. And this is what we got. It is even less than the 14 mouzas that were included in the Darjeeling Gorkha Hill Council in 1988.\"A peek into the autonomous hill council history reveals that it got 11 Gorkha-dominated mouzas outside the three Hill subdivisions of Darjeeling, Kalimpong, and Kurseong in 1988. Later, in 2005, a tripartite agreement was signed over the Gorkha Council's getting the Sixth Schedule status. Accordingly, DGHC was renamed as Gorkha Hill Council 2006 and a draft bill was prepared. It however, didn't see the light of the day. During the tripartite agreement it was decided that inclusion of fresh mouzas should be settled across the table. Later, four new mouzas - Neponia, Chhota Changra, Sevak and Sevak Forest - were included in the Hill Council area, with the total number of mouzas adding up to 18.In fact, two representatives - Birsa Tirkey and CPM's Jibesh Sarkar - had mentioned about the inclusion of 18 mouzas, while making their submission to the Shyamal Sen committee.\"I had been told about this. Several committees had been formed earlier. But the only reference I got was that hill mouzas of Siliguri should be transferred. The five mouzas we selected were based on the five factors (homogeneity, contiguity, compactness, ground level conditions and other relevant factors),\" Justice Sen said.He also rejected allegations that the panel didn't give suitable hearing to political parties and didn't visit north Bengal. \"All political parties have not only submitted their petitions, some even made several representations. Several have deposed before me in person. Such claims do not hold ground. The DMs of Jalpaiguri and Darjeeling were members of the committee and their reports on the ground level situation were given due importance while arriving at a conclusion.\"Asked how far the panel was right in excluding compact Gorkha-dominated mouzas such as Manabari, Patharjhora, Turibari or the inclusion of the Gorkha-dominated MM Terai mouza when it is an isolated pocket and lacks direct connectivity, Justice Sen said: \"I will not speak on this beyond what has already been said by the chief secretary.This is like a judgement that won't make everyone happy. I have done my best and I leave it to the state government to decide on it,\" Justice Sen said.PANIGHATA: Founder member of the Gorkha Janmukti Morcha in the Terai Vishal Chhetri and host of councillors of the Darjeeling Gorkha Hill Council such as N.B. Khawas, GNLF councillor from Kurseong, Gorubathan councillor K.N. Subba, Kalimpong Municipality councillor Chhiring Sherpa on Monday joined Trinamool Congress amid tight police security in a public meeting held at Panighata, close to Bagdogra. Even GNLF supremo Subash Ghising's once lieutenant Rajen Mukhiya was among the hundreds who embraced the twin flower. \"A total 972 GJM and GNLF leaders and activists joined Trinamool Congress,\" said North Bengal development minister Gautam Deb. Deb held that the new development gave the Trinamool Congress a foothold in the Hills. However, GJM leaders in the Terai area didn't attach much importance to it. They felt that the people who joined the Trinamool did it because they wanted a passport to the Hills badly. Most of them could not enter the Hills for all these days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "14035995", "title": "Andhra assembly bypolls: For punters, stakes really high", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Even before the polling on Tuesday, punters are betting heavily on the candidates and their parties. Not only on majority of votes, they are also seen predicting the losers' margin. After Vijayamma's roadshows and Sharmila's 'fiery' speeches, the stakes have swung wildly in favour of YSR Congress.According to the punters' verdict, YSR Congress would win 15 seats, TDP two, and BJP would win one. However, some punters are pitching for TDP win in Payakaraopet, Rayadurg and Prathipadu. Stakes are high on notable figures in Tirupati, Macherla and Polavaram. Sources said the betting money is in the range of Rs 100 crore, which is very high for any bypoll in the state. Betting amounts have gone up to Rs 50 crore for the Nellore LS seat where Congress candidate T Subbarami Reddy is striving hard to win.Most of the people involved in betting are realtors, industrialists and party cadre, besides businessmen. Large-scale betting is taking place not only in Vizag, but also in Vijayawada, Ongole, Guntur, Nellore, Tirupati, Anantapur and Kadapa. Stakes are high in both Godavari districts, which are known as granaries of the state. Many industrialists and landlords are said to be involved in it. \"The Godavari districts are known for heavy betting whether it is ports or politics and elections,\" landlord Alapati Sarva Rayudu said. Punters are willing to put more money on YSR CP winning 14 to 16 seats in the bypolls, a businessman Y Ramu Naidu said. Interestingly, many people are betting on BJP's win in Parkal where Konda Surekha is YSR CP candidate and on TDP's win in Chengala Venkata Rao in Payakaraopet.Heavy betting is on for the Narasannapet assembly seat where minister Dharmana Prasada Rao's elder brother Krishna Das is contesting on an YSR CP ticket. \"The betting here is heavy on his majority, but not on his win,\" a Congress leader G Appala Swamy said.The bookies are giving Rs 1,000 for Rs 100 in this segment. Visakha rural SP G Srinivas said anybody found involved in betting would be dealt with sternly.The betting has gone up after Vijyamma's road shows. The odds are in favour of YSR CP riding on the sympathy wave.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14036205", "title": "Reveal names of donors to PM\u2019s relief fund: Central Information Commission", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Information Commission (CIC) has asked the Prime Minister's Office to disclose the names of institutional donors to the PM's relief fund by June 16 rejecting the argument that it was personal information. However, details of beneficiaries should not be made public as it could compromise its privacy.The order came after RTI applicant Aseem Takyar sought details of the donors and beneficiaries to the PM's relief fund between 2009 and 2011. Issuing the order, Chief Information Commissioner Satyananda Mishra said, \"In our view unless the donors has desired his donation to be kept confidential and secret, disclosure of the list of donors periodically may be a good idea. At least, the names of institutional donors should surely be published. We cannot say the same thing about the recipients and beneficiaries though.''Reasoning that seeking relief from the PM's fund was a personal decision and the individual citizens seeking such assistance have a reputation to protect, Mishra said, \"Making public the names and the amount for money they received from the fund has the potential to compromise their privacy.\"Takyar had argued that in the interest of transparency these details should be made public. PMO officials argued that the relief fund did not receive any donation from the government and the details about the donors and recipients had always been maintained as personal and private information and not even disclosed to Parliament.Referring to a CIC order, a PMO official said that the Commission had said that details of donors and beneficiaries should be treated as personal information. Overruling this the CIC has asked the PMO to make the list of institutional donors public within 10 working days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "hisar", "code": "14038196", "title": "1984 anti-Sikh riots: Riot victim families depose before Garg commission", "text": "HISAR: Families of victims who fell prey to the 1984 anti-Sikh riots at Hondh Chillar have still not come to terms with the ordeal they had to go through 28 years ago. They had come to testify before retired judge of Allahabad high court T P Garg, who is probing the circumstances which led to the incident and the fate of cases registered by police in this regard.Advocate Manwinder Singh said that some families were quite apprehensive in the beginning, but felt comfortable following support by local members of gurdwara committees.\"On Monday, the commission summoned representatives of Union home ministry, deputy commissioner, Rewari, sarpanch of the village in 1984 and the current sarpanch. About 20 riot victim families had come from Ludhiana, Bhatinda and other cities of Punjab. The commission had summoned around 74 victim families, many of whom failed to make physical appearance because of some work. However, they have assured the commission to appear before it on July 2,'' said Manwinder.Besides the surviving kin of those killed, families who were forced to flee from the village and those who had bought their lands at throw away rates and Union government representatives testified during the Monday sitting of the commission, held at Canal guest house here.Justice (retd) Garg has fixed July 2 for next hearing of the case. With a view to complete the proceedings, the Haryana government had in March this year asked the commission to expedite the hearings.The commission was set up to probe the massacre in Hondh Chillar village of Rewari, wherein about 32 Sikhs were allegedly murdered during the 1984 anti-Sikh riots.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14051187", "title": "Rain plays spoilsport!", "text": "The shooting of Vijay's Thaandavam is currently on in London. And we hear that the unpredictable British weather played spoilsport a couple of days ago!Dhananjayan, the south head of the production house that's making the project, wrote on his micro-blogging site, \"Heavy rains in London is hampering our shooting of Thaandavam. We are fighting against nature to complete the planned portions every day. We'd planned for a big scene in a huge government building with several local junior artists. Heavy rains forced us to abandon the plans. The crew is going through sleepless nights to complete shoot on time. Hope rains stop and weather helps us!\"Vijay confirms, \"Rain has been disrupting our schedule, but thankfully, we've been able to finish the planned portions to an extent. We should be able to wrap up within a week.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "14036503", "title": "Poor road conditions hazardous to commuters", "text": "GONDIA: The callous approach of the administration regarding road repair has resulted into many accidents in the town recently. Despite several reminders to repair the main road along the Gondia over-bridge the administration has failed to initiate any action.On Saturday night, the poor road condition resulted into two accidents. Though a senior journalist had a narrow escape, another citizen Umashankar Umate, riding a two-wheeler, was seriously injured when he failed to notice the pits on the road. Umate is being treated a local hospital. Rains have made the conditions even worse.It may recalled that a delegation of Gondia district Grahak Panchayat had met the then executive engineer of building and construction department (B &amp; C) Janbandhu and handed him a memorandum demanding immediate repair of the road. He, however, had informed that the municipal council was responsible for the maintenance of the road. The Grahak Panchayat officials had even offered to repair the roads by community service.Though the B&C; department carried out minor repairs on the road, the rains have undone all. Another deputation, led by Grahak Panchayat district president Dinesh Patekar, met the SDO of B &amp; C department DK Bhagat who assured him to repair the stretch in a couple of days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "14038401", "title": "Calangute panchayat to deal with 'dance bars'", "text": "CALANGUTE: The newly-elected members of the Calangue panchayat are to meet on Wednesday, June 13, to revoke licences of the so-called 'dance bars' which are said to be fronts for prostitution, panch member Joseph Seqeueira told TOI. Calangute MLA Michael Lobo said that he is writing to chief minister Manohar Parrikar and the excise commissioner to revoke the excise licences of these establishments.The Calangute police had cracked down on these 'dance bars' following a complaint from the MLA in April, and three raids had been conducted on different establishments, said Calangute PI Nolasco Raposo. He added that following the raids and warnings issued to the owners and operators of these bars, all the female employees had been removed because though they had been ostensibly employed to man bar counters there was every chance of them entering prostitution.The police also kept a constant watch to ensure that no illegalities were committed by these bars.The police said that there were nearly a dozen such bars which were conducting illegal activities. Most of them have already been shut down and only a couple of them are still operating, albeit as normal bars without any female employees.Michael Lobo said that there are many other nightclubs, discotheques and pubs in Calangute which are operating without conducting any illegal activities. But the presence of these 'dance bars' with female employees, he says, has given Calangute a bad name. He said that these establishments can continue provided they do not conduct any illegal activities.Sources said that running a dance bar is far more lucrative than a normal bar since the drinks are priced much higher. Tourists are lured by the presence of women who entice them to purchase drinks not only for themselves, but also for the girls. However, the girls are reportedly only given fruit juices, and later given a percentage of the money collected from the tourists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14038998", "title": "BPO rape-murder case High Court hearing to begin", "text": "Five years after a 22-year-old BPO staffer was raped and murdered, the Bombay HC will commence hearings on the plea to confirm the death sentence for the two convicted youths.TNNA division bench of Justice V M Kanade and Justice P D Kode on Monday scheduled the hearing of the state's plea to confirm the capital punishment as well as the accused's appeal for hearing on July 9.The incident dates back to November 1, 2007, when the victim who worked for a BPO at Hinjewadi IT Park was on her way to her office for the nigh shift in the transport provided by her company. The driver Pradeep Kokade (25) and his friend Purushottam Borate (31) took the victim to a remote place and raped her before strangling her to death with her dupatta. The duo also slashed her face with a sharp weapon so as to disfigure her. The victim's body was found the next day and the accused were arrested. Earlier this year in March, a sessions court in Pune held Borate and Kokade guilty of the rape and murder and sentenced them to death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "14040900", "title": "Tribals threaten to evict Tibetan settlers", "text": "BERHAMPUR: A tribal outfit has demanded the eviction of Tibetan settlers in Gajapati district's Chandragiri area.The CPM-backed Adivasi Dalit Vikas Samiti said the government must return lands in the settlement area to landless tribals. The district administration has ordered a survey to demarcate plots allotted to the Tibetans by the government.\"We demand the administration to expedite the survey,\" said CPM's Gajapati district unit secretary L Ramgopal Rao. He threatened that tribals who possessed pattas (deeds) would forcibly cultivate the land, which was \"illegally possessed\" by the settlers.Alarmed over the development, the district administration recently convened a meeting between CPM leaders and Tibetan representatives. \"We have appealed to both sides to maintain peace. At the same time, we have also ordered a survey to demarcate lands allotted to the Tibetans,\" said district collector RP Singh.On their part, the settlers have adopted a soft approach to diffuse tension. \"We assured the district collector to voluntarily vacate the land if any encroachment is found after the survey,\" said chairman of the local Tibetan settlement Khenpo Pema Tenphel. \"We are a peace-loving community and have been maintaining harmony with the local people since we settled here,\" he added. The issue was also discussed during the recent visit of the home minister of the Tibetan government in-exile Gyalri Dolma, who reportedly advised his countrymen to coexist with the local people in peaceful manner.Interestingly, neither the settlement leaders nor the district administration have the records of exact population of Tibetan settlers and the land allotted to them at the time of their first settlement. \"Since they were settled during the time when the district was in undivided Ganjam, we think the old records are in Ganjam district,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14051528", "title": "Sony Music acquires Neethane Enn Ponvasantham", "text": "The audio rights of the most expected album of the year Neethane Enn Ponvasantham acquired by Sony Music. Neethane Enn Ponvasantham is been directed by Gautham Vasudev Menon and produced by RS Infotainment which earlier produced VTV, Ko and Azhagarsamiyin Kuthirai.Jiiva and Samantha plays the leads in the film while Santhanam and Anupama Kumar plays important roles. Musical Maestro Ilayaraja scores the music for the film. An Audio teaser of the film released recently and received good reception among the Maestro fans.The Audio rights of VTV directed by Gautham Vasudev Menon and produced by RS Infotainment, which had music composed by AR Rahman also bought by Sony Music but this time the audio rights was bought for a whopping price more than VTV....Source: starview.in", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14044735", "title": "Gang of five robs duo of Rs 9,000, injures one", "text": "NASHIK: Two residents of Lakhalgaon were robbed of Rs 9,000 and a cell phone near Dirk India Company in Eklahara, Nashik Road, on Sunday night.In a complaint filed by victim, Datta Jeughale (20), a resident of Lakhalgaon, he and his relative were going to Lakhalgaon on their bike on Sunday. At 11.45pm, their bike was stopped by a white car in which three persons were sitting.After intercepting their bike, the trio alighted from the car and asked the victims to hand over whatever they had with them. Since Jeughale and his relative refused to part with their cash, the robbers got annoyed and started beating them up.Jeughale's relative was seriously injured in the incident as the robbers struck his head with a wooden log and a beer bottle. Subsequently, the robbers took Rs 9,000 that the duo had with them and also took away a cell phone. tnnThe news has spread a wave of panic in the city as this is the second incident within a week's time that someone is looted in the periphery of the city.In the wee hours of June 6, a gang of five in a Maruti car had robbed a pilgrim family from Mumbai which was proceeding towards Trimbakeshwar. In a similar fashion, the multi utility vehicle carrying the pilgrims was intercepted on the Nashik-Trimbak Road and they were robbed of Rs 4,100. Fortunately, the four members of the gang were nabbed by the Rural police on the next day acting on a tip off. However, one of them accused in the case is still at large.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14035654", "title": "Poor Parsi redefined: One who earns up to Rs 90,000 per month", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay Parsi Punchayet (BPP) on Monday told the Bombay high court that it had revised the definition of a poor Parsi as one who earns up to Rs 90,000 a month, in order to be eligible for a subsidized community apartment. The BPP, which controls over 5,000 flats in the city, had earlier fixed this amount at under Rs 50,000 a month. There are an estimated 45,000 Parsis in Mumbai.Incidentally, the Planning Commission of India had pegged the minimum sustenance level required for a poor person in an urban area at Rs 29 a day.An affidavit was filed by BPP chairman Dinshaw Mehta in response to a petition by Dahanu resident Rohinton Taraporewala, (65) challenging the non-allotment of a flat to him at Panthaki Baug, Andheri. Earlier, Taraporewala had submitted the names of those who were allotted flats despite earning above Rs 50,000 a month.In his April 17, 2012 reply, Mehta refuted Taraporewala's claim of being a \"poor, needy and deserving Parsi\". He said after the high court, on October 15, 2009, allowed BPP to sell flats on ownership basis, the trustees adopted criteria for allotment. Preference was to be given to those who want to settle down after marriage. \"All applicants with incomes exceeding Rs 90,000 per month or with assets of more than Rs 25 lakh were to be eliminated,\" Mehta stated. It was also decided to give low priority to applicants residing outside Mumbai. BPP invited applications for purchase of flats in buildings A and B at Panthaki Baug.Mehta claimed that Taraporewala's application showed that he owns 17 acres land in Vangaon, Dahanu, along with a farmhouse-a two-storeyed bungalow- measuring 2,000 square feet. \"On a conservative estimate, this would be valued at Rs 1.5 to Rs 3 crore,'' he added. Further, as per his income-tax returns, Taraporewala had a monthly income exceeding Rs 90,000. His assets include his various immovable properties and fixed deposits amounting to well over Rs 25 lakh. On the basis of his financial status he was not entitled to be allotted a flat at Panthaki Baug, Mehta added.Mehta said that the reason Taraporewala gave for allotment was that there were very few basic hospital facilities in the village. He suffers from high blood pressure, prostate problem, diabetes and heart problems while his wife suffers from depression and anxiety. \"Clearly, the petitioner could not be allotted a flat by the BPP as he was adequately housed and he desired to be allotted a flat so that he could give his bungalow on rent and live in Mumbai because he suffered from several ailments. In addition, the petitioner was clearly not a resident of Mumbai but of his own admission, living at Dahanu, close to the Gujarat border,\" stated Mehta. Also, Taraporewala's son and daughter and their families are settled abroad. He said Taraporewala \"could not be classified as poor, needy and deserving\" as stipulated by the HC order and accordingly his application was rejected.The affidavit states that the BPP flats at Panthaki Baug, each of which is between 732 sq ft and 760 sq ft, will cost between Rs 17.56 lakh and Rs 20.52 lakh depending on their size and location. The current market value of each is approximately Rs 80 lakh. The flats are being sold at prices prevailing in 2001 and cost one-fourth of their market value today.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14039739", "title": "State to probe if government officers aided Dr Sudam Munde", "text": "MUMBAI: An inquiry has been ordered into whether officials belonging to the home, public health and revenue departments connived with Dr Sudam Munde, who has been charged with the grave crime of female foeticide along with his wife Dr Saraswati Munde.While the Beed doctors are still at large, the state government has acquired information that suggests that certain local officials, including the police, might have assisted the duo escape arrest. A senior state functionary said there is also information to suggest that some of these officials knew of the misdeeds of the duo. The Mundes ran a hospital that conducted illegal abortions.A senior police official has been appointed to probe this angle, reliable sources said. The development comes after a meeting between home minister R R Patil, public health minister Suresh Shetty, woman and child welfare minister Varsha Gaikwad and senior police officials last week.Sources said the inquiry would also see if officials were aware of what other Beed doctors charged under similar sections were doing, including Dr Shivaji Sanap and his father-in-law Dr Srihari Lahane.The needle of suspicion points to local police involvement because the initial police statement in Munde's case differed from a report filed by the health department on May 19. Stringent sections were not included in the initial police report, enabling the duo to evade arrest. A report submitted by police superintendent Dhananjay Mahadik to the state women's commission brought this discrepancy to the fore.The concerned police official (named held back pending inquiry) has blamed a health department official (name withheld) for the flaw. The statement of a public health department official has also been recorded. Meanwhile, it has also come to light that an acting senior health official in the region is a relative of Munde's.During a visit by Shetty and Gaikwad to Beed and Parli, the inadequacies of the health machinery also came to the fore. Gaikwad said she found that the sonography machine in Parli's local government office had not been functioning for a year. She added that the posts of radiologist and gynaecologist were vacant. Even Shetty found some grey areas. Officials said the government has plans to fill these posts.Instructions have been issued that stern action must be taken in such cases and no lax behaviour will be tolerated. Shetty said the police inquiry report was expected to be submitted within two days.After FDA officials found that the Mundes were prescribing a standard prescription to all patients, the police are also probing whether this was a \"secret\" code for abortion drugs.State adopts victim's daughtersWoman and child welfare minister Varsha Gaikwad said that the state has decided to adopt three of the four girls of the victim Vijaymala Patekar, who died during an abortion at Dr Sudam Munde's hospital. They will be sheltered in a government hostel till completion of their education, Gaikwad said. It has been decided to let the grandparents bring up the fourth child, who is barely a year-and-a-half old, for now. However, the state will provide at least Rs 450 a month to bring her up, Gaiwkad said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "14035049", "title": "Bokaro faces power cuts", "text": "BOKARO: Bokaro township witnessed frequent power cuts while the Bokaro Steel Plant (BSL) suffered power crisis on Monday after electricity supply from the Damoder Valley Corporation (DVC) got badly hit in the afternoon. However, the Bokaro Power Supply Company Limited (BPSCL), which provides power to the BSL, managed to supply minimum power required to the plant to escape production loss.The incident occurred because of technical fault in grid which hit power production in four units of Chandrapura Thermal Power Station and one unit of Bokaro Thermal Power Plant (BTPS) of the DVC. Techies and engineers rushed to the spot and restoration work is on. \"The units will be lighted up soon and problem is rectified,\" said a DVC official. The BSL needs around 270 MW to 330 MW power to run its plant efficiently. The BSL imports 150 MW to 200 MW from the DVC while the BPSCL supplies 150 MW to 160 MW depending on its power generation.The sudden disruption in power supply of the DVC has affected the BSL as it causes prolonged power cut in different township and other surrounding areas here, said sources. BSL spokesperson Manikant Dhan said the power crisis has, however, not affected the production process in the plant. The BPSCL is providing 75 MW electricity which is being supplied in critical zones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14038393", "title": "Online junior colleges admissions to begin June 14, may be over by July end", "text": "MUMBAI: The online admission process for junior colleges--which will kick off a day after the secondary school certificate (SSC) results are announced on June 13--is expected to be tied up within 35 to 45 days. Approximately 1,000 students from other boards have already completed filling their option forms online.T Shiware, principal of Hinduja College and member of the government-appointed online committee, said, \"Colleges are expected to complete admissions under the various reservation and in-house quotas within ten days of the announcement of SSC results. We are hopeful the admission process will get over within 35 to 45 days.\"Officials said that the online admission procedure will be smoother this year as students won't have to wait for the hard copy of their mark sheets to start applying. Also, only three merit lists will be announced online for the three streams-arts, science and commerce. Admission to the bifocal subjects will take place offline after the online admission is tied up.\"The schedule will be a little different from the previous two years because of the changes proposed by the online committee this year. We have prepared the schedule and are waiting for the final nod from the department before disclosing it to students,\" said a senior official at the office of the deputy director of education (schools).Since the reforms proposed by the online committee were approved only in March, the printing and distribution of admission booklets was delayed. However, training sessions for school authorities as well as students have already been conducted. \"Our guidance centres are working throughout the day to solve any queries that students have. This process will be smoother than the previous three years,\" said the official.The first part of the two-part admission form was made functional for applicants in the first week of May. Students are expected to fill their basic details in the first part of the form while part-two (option form) requires their total marks, choice of colleges, etc to be filled. \"Even state board students are allowed to fill the option forms but it will be accepted by the system only after June 14,\" added the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14037449", "title": "Maharashtra SSC results to be available on 10 websites", "text": "PUNE: The much-awaited online results of the secondary school certificate (SSC, Class X) examination, held in March, will be declared at 1 pm on June 13 by the Maharashtra state board for secondary and higher secondary education.While the board will post details of individual marksheets on 10 designated websites, the original copies of the marksheets will be distributed by the respective secondary schools at 3 pm on June 22.This year, the online result is being declared at least four days ahead of last year. Last year, the board had announced the SSC March 2011 exam results on June 17.Students can access as well as take a print out of their marksheets, which they can furnish with their admission forms for Std XI or polytechnic diploma and industrial training institute (ITI) seats. However, confirmation of the admission will be subject to the submission of the original marksheet, the board has stated in an official release on Monday.Students, who may desire to submit an application for revaluation of marks, can file their pleas after receiving their original marksheets on June 22. The last date to apply for revaluation is July 2. Marksheets downloaded from the internet will not be considered for revaluation purpose. Original marksheet is mandatory with such pleas.Similarly, the last date of submission of applications for the October 2012 supplementary exam is July 2 and, with late fees, on July 6. These applications are to be submitted through the respective secondary schools.The Class Improvement Scheme (CIS) option, which was introduced in 2008, is available to students, who may desire to improve their marks. The scheme enables a student to take a second shot at the SSC exam in October and decide whether to retain the March or October marksheet, depending upon his/her performance. The October marksheet will carry the CIS remark.Photocopies of answer sheets will be made available to students, who apply for the same through the Right to Information Act. Such applications, with Rs 400 fees, should reach the divisional board office by June 28, the release stated.Results on websiteshttp://mahresult.nic.inwww.msbshse.ac.inwww.mh-ssc.ac.inwww.sscresult.mkcl.orgwww.exametc.comwww.results.bharatstudent.comwww.rediff.com/examswww.ednexa.comwww.studyssconline.comwww.myssc.inResults on mobileFor BSNL (Maharashtra circle): type MSSC (seat no) and send to 57766For Rediff.com India Ltd (Maharashtra and Mumbai circle): type MSSC (seat no) and send to 573335000For Airtel (Innova, Maharashtra and Mumbai circle): type MSSC (seat no) and send to 55077For Innova (Mumbai circle): type MSSC (seat no) and send to 8800654242", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14038446", "title": "What the affidavit says", "text": "The affidavit states that BPP flats at Panthaki Baug, each between 732 sq ft and 760 sq ft, will cost between Rs 17.56 lakh and Rs 20.52 lakh depending on their size and location.The current market value of each is approximately Rs 80 lakh. The flats are being sold at prices prevailing in 2001 and cost one-fourth of their market value today.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14037861", "title": "Manohar Parrikar warns Ram Sena", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Monday warned against fundamentalist elements taking the law into their own hands in Goa, saying that the government would come down hard on such elements.Parrikar's warning came in response to a news item in Monday's TOI quoting the Karnataka-based Shri Ram Sena chief Pramod Mutalik who reportedly expressed his desire to curb Goa's western culture of clubs and pubs. Mutalik made the comments on the sidelines of the four-day all-India Hindu convention now underway at Ramnathi in Ponda.Speaking to mediapersons, Parrikar said if anyone has any grouse against pubs and clubs, they can lodge their complaints with the police or even with him. But any attempt to take the law into one's hands will be dealt with severely, he warned. \"Kaido hathaan ghetlo, tor haat dadaitlom,\" Parrikar said in Konkani. \"We are not going to keep quiet if somebody tries to take the law into their own hands,\" he added.The chief minister stressed that if something unlawful like prostitution is happening, people are free to lodge their complaints and he would ensure proper action against the crime, but \"no one has the right to take law into one's own hands or to become moral police\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "14035169", "title": "Travelling ticket examiner attacked by colleague in Trichy railway station", "text": "TRICHY: A travelling ticket examiner (TTE) attached to the Trichy railway division, was attacked by his colleague and an unidentified man while he was on duty at the Tiruchirappalli Railway Junction late on Sunday night.Muthunarayanasamy (55) was assigned duty on the Rameswaram - Chennai Sethu express train on Sunday night. He was waiting near the parcel booking office in the station to board the train at around 10.30 pm. Suddenly, two persons, including his colleague Muruganandam, also a TTE and an unidentified man pounced on him and brutally attacked him in the presence of hundreds of passengers. After attacking the TTE, the duo fled from the scene.Muthunarayanasamy sustained serious injuries on his head and lower jaw. The incident also triggered panic among the passengers. In the meantime, he collapsed and fell down in a pool of blood. He was immediately rushed to the Annal Gandhi Memorial Government Hospital.On the information Cantonment police rushed to the spot and investigated the matter. Initial investigation with the victim and other staff revealed previous enmity between them led to the fight.A couple of days ago, Muruganandham reportedly tried to get seats for unreserved passengers in an AC coach. But Muthunarayanasamy, who was on duty refused his demand. A quarrel ensued between them and that incident is believed to have led to such brutal attack on Sunday.The police have registered a case and are on the lookout for the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14043513", "title": "Police personnel can now play detectives", "text": "KOCHI: Police personnel bored with routine law and order work now have a chance to make their careers more interesting if they have a nose for crime investigation.All personnel, from the rank of a constable to DySP, with proven track record can become proud members of the Special Investigation Support Team (SIST), according to the state police department, which hopes to create a strong pool of talented officials to investigate sensational crimes that have a wider social impact.State Director-General of Police (DGP) Jacob Punnoose has issued an order to strengthen the SIST by including more officials to effectively conduct investigation of major crimes.As per the order, the new members will be selected based on their good investigation skills and knowledge of crime and criminals. They will be recruited by the additional director-general of police (crime) in consultation with the range inspector-general of police and the district police chief concerned.Existing members of SIST can also suggest names that are endorsed two other members of SIST from different districts. \"The department has decided to make SIST, which was formed from the earlier Temple Theft Investigation Special Team (TTIST), stronger. The department decided to transform TTIST into SIST as the talent of its members should not be restricted to only temple theft cases,\" a top police official said.The SIST team will create a data bank of offences committed and professional criminals to ensure more effective investigation of crimes through a properly supervised and coordinated structure. The team will be headed by a superintendent of police or any SP of the CBCID, nominated by ADGP (crime) who will report directly to IGP (crime), CBCID. ADGP (crime) will be in overall charge of SIST.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14043396", "title": "Food chain may run night food street", "text": "City residents will probably have a proper night food street soon if the Chandigarh municipal corporation approves the new proposal regarding night food street in the upcoming finance and contract committee (F&CC;) meeting, scheduled on Tuesday.The MC will discuss the option of giving these lots to a renowned food chain rather than allotting kiosks individually. The fresh proposal will be discussed and approval of the committee sought, as the civic body will have to submit a detailed report in this regard in Punjab and Haryana high court in July first week.Joint municipal commissioner-cum-secretary Rajiv Kumar Gupta said, \"Beside the option of giving these kiosks either through fixed reserve price or draw of lots, we will also discuss if they can be given to some poplar food chain, which can provide quality and healthy food with variety.\"The F&CC; meeting will also discuss the measures to be taken to remodel this venture, such as the mode of allotment and the term and conditions to run these kiosks.There is also a proposal regarding 24 hour presence of a police vehicle with optimum force to avoid any kind of disturbance at the night food street.The idea of a night food street in the city has been a failure so far as MC hasn't been able to popularize it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14036426", "title": "Jaiswal lays foundation stone of Ghatampur power plant", "text": "KANPUR: Union coal minister Shri Prakash Jaiswal laid the foundation stone of 1,980 megawatt (3 units of 660 megawatt each) coal-based power plant in Ghatampur on Monday. It is being constructed at an investment of Rs 11,088 crore.The ceremony was presided over by chief minister Akhilesh Yadav and various other public representatives. Union minister of state for coal Pratik Prakashbapu Patil was also present.Addressing a huge gathering, Yadav said that this was a very important initiative taken by the Centre for helping the state, which is reeling under power shortage. He expressed expressed gratitude to Jaiswal for paving way for the project and hoped that the Centre will assist the state for overall development in the same manner in future.Yadav said that the project would help the agriculture sector and mark the beginning of a new chapter in the development of the state. The chief minister reiterated the resolve of the state government to overcome shortage of power in the region. \"In order to meet the needs of the state, we have to buy power from other states. The farmers are worse hit due to shortage of power,\" he said. This project, the first unit of which will become operational by 2015, would solve the power shortage of the state.The CM said that Samajwadi Party government has been working hard to fulfill many of its poll promises during the first 100 days of the governance. He said that those farmers who had to part with their agricultural land for the project will be compensated and job opportunities will be provided to them.He also invited private entrepreneurs for setting up units in the state. The chief minister requested Jaiswal for getting long-term coal linkages for the plant as well for other power projects as it was crucial for industrialization and economic growth of the state.Yadav hoped that the project would create jobs opportunities for the local population.The chief minister lighted the lamp while Jaiswal laid the foundation stone for the project, which is a joint venture of Navaratna company Neyveli Lignite Corporation and Uttar Pradesh Rajya Vidyut Utpadan Nigam Ltd (UPRVUNL).Jaiswal said the project would be a boon for industrial sector. \"Better infrastructure plays an important role for paving way for industrialisation,\" he said.The infrastructure for the project, spread over seven acres of land, with requirement of 80 cusecs of water, will be ready in four years.The project, which was approved by previous regime, was pending since 2008.The project would go a long way in meeting the power demands across the state, besides the city, which has been reeling under acute power crisis for years.The plant would be set up by Tamil Nadu-based Neyveli Lignite Corporation Ltd (NLC), a company under coal ministry and Uttar Pradesh Rajya Vidyut Utpadan Nigam Limited (UPRVUNL), under a joint venture in the ration of 51:49.\"By 2022, the capacity of Ghatampur plant would be increased up to 4,000 MW. With increased capacity, the plant would be able to meet the power needs of the entire state,\" said S Shreedhar, deputy general manager, Neyveli Lignite Corporation Limited.The project is expected to provide employment to around 12,000 people.The officials hoped that the bordering districts of Fatehpur and Ramabai Nagar would be benefited enormously.The villagers braved the scorching heat to listen to the speakers at the ceremony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "14038371", "title": "Civic polls: In Patiala, BJP seeks repoll", "text": "PATIALA: Local BJP leaders accused its ally SAD of engineering the defeat of its candidates in the civic polls with the help of the police and levelled allegations of booth-capturing.BJP leaders threatened to go on an indefinite hunger strike if a repoll was not ordered.Party leaders led by district president Arun Gupta, who lost from ward no 19 of city, blocked the road in front of Patiala DC office, raised slogans against police and SAD leaders and protested against ''booth-capturing'' and ''casting of fake votes by SAD leaders and cops'', which led to the defeat of BJP candidates in 8 wards out of the 15 it had contested.\"SAD supporters along with cops thrashed my wife Goldy Pathi, BJP candidate from ward no 44, when she protested against booth-capturing by cops and SAD supporters, leading to her fracturing her left foot. They wanted to help independent candidate Gobind Vaid,\" alleged S K Pathi, district president of BJP's SC morcha.BJP leaders said the cops also misbehaved with them when they were sitting on demonstration on Monday.''Cops along with SAD supporters thrashed me, my family members and supporters in ward No. 19 polling booth in Dhudial Khalsa school, Bishan Nagar, when we tried to stop them from casting bogus voting. They have understanding with some local Congress leaders. I will sit on indefinite hunger strike with other leaders if we don't get justice,\" said GuptaDC G K Singh and Patiala city president of SAD Indermohan Bajaj denied these allegations. ''We are looking into the complaints of BJP leaders.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14041802", "title": "Metro rail keeps safety protocol firmly on track", "text": "Ram Lal, a construction worker from Bihar , was amused when metro rail officials handed him a pair of thick gloves before he started work. He had always worked barehanded. Lal found that he could use the gloves to beat the heat by placing them on his head under his helmet. Many workers from West Bengal found it uncomfortable to wear the steel-toe boots given to them as part of their gear when they arrived at metro rail work sites.Chennai Metro Rail Ltd (CMRL) has held a series of briefing sessions to get workers to comply with safety regulations, but some employees still do not follow the rules and end up with minor bruises and other injuries.About 100 to 200 men work at each metro construction site on elevated and underground stations and viaducts and will soon start on the laying of tracks along metro corridors across the city. \"Safety of workers is always a concern during the construction of large public facilities, but work on Chennai's metro rail has luckily been mostly incident-free so far,\" a CMRL official said.With tunnelling work set to start on Poonamallee High Road, the company has decided to minimise the possibility of workers being injured on site and keep its safety record clean with a unique safety programme: Behaviour-based safety training.Larsen and Toubro (L&T;), one of the firms contracted for the transit project, has started the new safety training for workers at the Nehru Park underground metro station site, where tunnel boring will start by end of the month.\"The training is meant to minimize injuries. We want the workers to be safe when they work around the giant boring machines 20 metres below ground level,\" an L&T; official said. The company will have cranes ready at the sites to pull out workers if an accident takes place inside a shaft, he said, and water, oxygen and firefighting equipment will be at hand.A majority of the workers are from Bihar, Uttar Pradesh, West Bengal and Odisha. They come from a variety of backgrounds but communication is not a problem because they all understand Hindi.\"To ensure that they do not take safety measures lightly, we got professionals to study their behavior and reactions to different work situations and design the safety training accordingly. The training will be conducted along with the daily briefing,\" said a senior CMRL official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14038279", "title": "'Mission Salcete' behind Manohar Parrikar's visit to Betalbatim?", "text": "MARGAO: The unusual camaraderie displayed by chief minister Manohar Parrikar and Nuvem MLA Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco at Betalbatim on Sunday afternoon has made political analysts sit up and take notice.While it may have been a strategic move by Parrikar to strengthen the foothold he gained in Salcete at the March assembly hustings, Pacheco's cozying up to the CM is merely an attempt to be in the good books of the party in power, political observers feel.Speaking to reporters at the luncheon he had hosted, Pacheco had sung paeans to Parrikar, while stating that his support to the BJP would continue beyond five years.What's significant is that Pacheco, the Goa Vikas Party supremo, expressed his determination to decimate the Congress party in the district by winning the South Goa Lok Sabha seat and by going on to win the Margao assembly seat at the next elections.\"Given his penchant for party-hopping, Mickky's statements may be taken with a pinch of salt-he is only basking in the limelight held by Parrikar. But it's the chief minister who may stand to benefit the most by fighting the main opposition party, the Congress, through the Goa Vikas Party's chief,\" a political observer commented.\"As for Mickky, it always helps to keep the chief of the party in power in good humour as that takes care of the development in one's own constituency,\" he added.Analysts say that Parrikar's frequent visits to Salcete may be to strengthen his bond with the anti-Congress forces in the taluka.On Sunday he also assured the panchayat leaders from Nuvem and Benaulim constituencies, who are Pacheco's supporters, of support for development in their respective villages.Perhaps overwhelmed by the voters manifestation during the assembly elections against the Congress, Parrikar wants to move ahead with his 'Mission Salcete'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14050950", "title": "Abhinav pips Anurag in the race to work with Ranbir", "text": "Brothers Anurag and Abhinav Kashyap had wanted the same man to be their hero - Ranbir Kapoor . In fact, we told you how the actor had read both the scripts - Bombay Velvet and Project18 - and approved them. However, the brothers Kashyap had to await Ranbir's decision to begin their ventures. And we have found out that Abhinav has finally won the race.A source close to the actor revealed how the filmmaker siblings had left it to the actor to decide which film he would like to start working on first. \"Ranbir had informed both Anurag and Abhinav that he would start work with whoever presents him with the final script at the earliest,\" added the source.And it was Abhinav who was the first to produce a bound script. \"Ranbir was more than happy to green flag the project. He will work with Anurag also. But that film, Bombay Velvet will now go on floors only next year,\" said the source.Abhinav's venture will go on floors by the end of this year. The film that was tentatively titled Project 18 will now be called Besharm. As for the female lead, the filmmaker is busy talking to Alia Bhatt and Parineeti Chopra , we learnt. Ranbir will play a thief who steals the heroine's car.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14037947", "title": "Guard found dead in IIT-Madras pond", "text": "CHENNAI: A 35-year-old security guard was found dead, his hands and legs entangled in nylon rope, in a pond on the IIT-Madras campus on Monday.Police said the body had strangulation marks on the neck. Investigators suspect that assailants could have killed the guard, M Abdul Kalak, 35, and dumped the body in the pond after tying a boulder to his limbs.The incident follows recent security concerns that led administrators to propose new rules to enhance safety on the campus.Police said Kalak, from Assam, had worked as a security guard at IIT-Madras for the past six months, deputed to the institute by Hyderabad-based Gurbani Security Pvt Ltd, which has a branch office at Velachery.Investigators said two men who shared a rented house with Kalak went missing after the incident. Police have launched a hunt for them.Police registered a case under Section 174 of the CrPC (suspicious death). Senior police officers said it was too early to conclusively say whether the guard had committed suicide or had been murdered.Kalak was a guard at Mahanadi Hostel and was usually stationed at a parking lot on the campus, said assistant commissioner of police (Kotturpuram) P Sivasankaran. \"The body was highly decomposed. He is suspected to have died at least a week ago,\" he said.An investigating officer said Kalak stayed with a few Assamese men in a rented house in Velachery. During questioning, two of his roommates told police that Kalak had left home for work on June 3 but never returned.A guard who worked with Kalak told the police that he had booked train tickets to Assam on June 14 to visit his wife and two-year-old daughter. \"The pond where his body was found is an isolated spot. Most of us don't go there because it is so deserted,\" he said, adding that Kalak never made friends outside of a close circle that included other guards at IIT-M and the men he stayed with.There are more than 150 guards on the IIT-M campus.Investigators said they were waiting for the postmortem report on the cause of death but added that the strangulation marks on the neck indicated that Kalak may have been murdered before his body was thrown into the pond.Passersby found the body floating in the pond on Monday morning and alerted police. The Kotturpuram police arrived at the spot and sent the body to Government Royapettah Hospital for autopsy.\"We are questioning the guards Kalak stayed with. Special teams have been formed to trace Kalak's roommates who have gone missing,\" the investigating officer said.Administrators at IIT-M last month identified \"unsafe\" zones and decided to set up more CCTV cameras on the campus to meet security requirements with an increase in the number of students and visitors at the institution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14050767", "title": "Madonna receives backlash for being too old after nip-slip drama", "text": "Madonna has caused an outrage by purposefully exposing her right breast while performing in Istanbul over the weekend.A flurry of fans have taken to the internet to criticise her actions and complain that the 53-year-old is too old to be flashing her flesh in such a way.\"Isn't Madonna a little too old to be flashing nip on stage? With her kids in the background (as they're performing with her on tour?)\" the Daily Mail quoted one online fan as writing.\"Why is Madonna still showing off her tits? No, it's not sexy to see a woman who could be my grandma whipping her nipple around,\" another added.Even celebrity fans have waded into the debate, with newsman Piers Morgan writing on Twitter: \"Most embarrassing, cringe-worthy, desperate moment in the history of music?\"But some fans have been more sympathetic, like Hollywood actress Christina Applegate , who commented: \"Reading twitter this am and there r all these tweets about Madonna and her nipple flash. And we are shocked because...?\"What I'm saying is. Its not like Sarah Palin had a nip slip, its Madonna,\" she said.A couple of fans have even pointed out pop queen has gone back on her word from just five months ago.One wrote: \"Madonna last January: 'You don't have to show nipples to be interesting. It doesn't necessarily mean you're cutting edge if you do, right?'\"Last week the pop star was pictured covering up in an unflattering ensemble as she visited various historical landmarks in Turkey.But on Thursday evening the singer shocked when she exposed her right breast to an audience of over 55,000 people during a performance of Human Nature at the Turk Telecom Arena in Istanbul.Caught in the moment of the provocative 1995 hit's lyrics Madonna undressed herself much to the pleasure of her excited fans.The 53-year-old took to the stage wearing a white shirt and a pair of pin striped trousers with a cane in hand as she wore her blonde hair in an updo.As she got into the song she threw her cane to one side and pulled open her shirt displaying a strapped bra top.She then ripped off the first layer of her bra revealing her lacy lingerie.In a few suggestive tugs she pulled at her bra straps before pulling the entire cup down and exposing her breast.The Girl Gone Wild singer who last performed in Turkey almost 20 years ago then quickly turned from the audience, unzipped her trousers and stood with her hand in her pants.Shortly after she zipped her trouser back up and began singing 'Like A Virgin'. (ANI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "14034993", "title": "Displaced people block Bokaro Steel Plant gates demanding job", "text": "BOKARO: Residents and employees of the Bokaro Steel Plant (BSL) once again had to face a tough time as over 2,000 displaced people on Monday blocked the connecting roads and gates of the plant demanding jobs. The blockade affected life in some part of the BSL township in morning hours.The displaced people, led by Vishrampur MLA Chandrashekhar Dubey alias Dadai Dubey of the Congress under the banner of Visthapit Raiyat Co-operative Society blocked all the gates of the BSL plant disrupting entrance and exist of the employees, contract workers and labourers for several hours in the morning.However, BSL spokesperson Manikant Dhan said the agitation couldn't have any affect on the steel production.It was not only the employees but common people too suffered because of the agitation as the demonstrators disrupted the traffic on the main roads between Nayamoad to City Centre and Kurmidih, causing huge inconvenience to them.In the past 12 days, this is the third big agitation by the displaced group which has affected life. Sources said the agitators came on streets in the early hours and blocked all the five gates of the BSL one by one. Many of them sat on the roads connecting to the plant gates and at few places set up blockades.The agitators first blocked Mansa Singh Gate, Steel Gate (Maraphari) and CEZ gate of the BSL disrupting transporting of raw materials and entry of contract workers, labourers and employees. Later, they disrupted movement on roads leading to main gate, Administration Building and Gate No.3 (Sector-IX) of BSL. They were holding sticks and raising anti-BSL slogans.\"The BSL employees and officials going to plant in A and general shifts (6am and 8.30am respectively) have faced the disturbance most. They reached to their work late,\" said Dhan. At a few places, the displaced persons have punctured tiers of the vehicles of the BSL workers. Heavy deployment of police, CISF and home guard personnel were made to keep the situation under control at every sensitive point. The CISF and policemen were seen chasing off agitators at many points to pave out entry of employees to plant.The situation only comes back to normal when Dubey along with his hundred of supporters were arrested by police at Mansa Singh Gate at 9am. \"We have arrested Dubey and former Bokaro MLA Ijarael Ansari with his 151 supporters. The situation is under control,\" said DSP P N Singh.Dubey said, \"It was a token blockade. I have given two days to the BSL to fulfill our demands by giving jobs to 8,000 displaced persons or otherwise be prepared to face similar blockade for three continuous days and lastly we will take it to indefinite period.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14036470", "title": "No e-mail from HRD ministry, says Indian Institute of Technology-Kanpur academic senate", "text": "KANPUR: The members of academic senate of Indian Institute of Technology-Kanpur had denied that the institute has received any e-mail from HRD ministry, stating that grant given to the institute for research purposes would be held back. Recently, reports appeared in a section of press that the academic senate had received an e-mail from HRD ministry that grants of several crores of rupees given to the institute would be withdrawn if it not participate in the 'one nation one test' scheme.Deepak Gupta, a faculty member, categorically stated that no such e-mail was received.\"The HRD ministry cannot resort to such pressure tactics. The institute is autonomous and its senate is the supreme body, which has right to make amendments to conducting examinations, hold counselling etc. In the interest of hundreds of aspirants, the senate took the decision that IIT-K should conduct its own examination and this is what we are adhering to,\" he said while talking to TOI.Gupta said that the institute is firm on its decision of conducting its own examinations for which the preparations have already began. He said that the institute is in contact with other IITs on the issue. If any other IIT wants to join IIT-K, it will be welcomed, he added.The IIT-K's academic senate on June 8 had decided that it would conduct its own entrance examination for 2013 and not participate in the common entrance test (CET) proposed by HRD. This has raised a storm. This is an important issue. It had cropped up differences among the IITs. A few of them are with the HRD ministry, others like IIT-K and IIT-Delhi seem to stand apart on the issue.\"As of now, all what we can say is that the HRD ministry's thought of 'one nation one test' is a good idea but it is no way going to benefit the engineering aspirants. They will be at a loss. We want at least a year to study the ministry's proposal and bring about a few changes to it before getting it implemented,\" said a member of academic senate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "chikmagalur", "code": "14042191", "title": "64 government schools switch to English medium", "text": "CHIKMAGALUR: From this year, students in 64 government higher primary schools in the district can opt for English medium education.Deputy director of public instructions Kantharaju told TOI that separate classrooms will be provided to students who opt for English medium and children studying in VI and VII standard will be admitted to that section.He said imparting education at the primary level is necessitated due to the dwindling strength of students in higher primary schools. Many parents get their children admitted to private English medium schools. To retain the strength in government primary schools and also to equip students studying in government schools to compete with their urban counterparts, the government has no other option, but to introduce English medium in schools, he added.More number of English medium sections has been started in Chikmagalur taluk (28). Kadur taluk has three sections, Birur (8) and Tarikere (8), Koppa (16), Sringeri (5), Mudigere (3) and one in Narasimharajapura taluk.Separate staff will not be provided to these schools. However, texts in English will be supplied to students shortly, Kantharaju added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "kokrajhar", "code": "14042067", "title": "Hard disks stolen from land records office", "text": "KOKRAJHAR: Hard disks belonging to BTC land records office situated in Kokrajhar town have been stolen. A case has been registered at Kokrajhar police station by BTC officials.The council head of the department (CHD) of BTC land, revenue and land records, Tarun Chandra Kalita, said the thieves took away all the hard disks from the computer room either on Saturday or Sunday night.\"Since there was no office work since Saturday last, the thieves took advantage to steal the disks,\" he added. He said the office has no watchman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "kishanganj", "code": "14035810", "title": "Pineapple cultivation catches farmers\u2019 fancy", "text": "KISHANGANJ: The juicy and delectable pineapple is the new found love of farmers across two blocks of Thakurganj and Pothia in Kishanganj district on the foothills of Himalayas . The vitamin-rich pineapple, which is also a fine appetizer, has a rich market and is considered highly profitable. Besides, the soil and climatic conditions, with temperature hovering between 15 to 35 degree Celsius, are quite congenial for growing the pineapple in this farm hinterland in the district. The four-degree difference in day and night temperature only works wonder for the pineapple cultivation. Besides, the rainfall required to nurture and sustain the crop, is also suitable for pineapple cultivation. \"No wonder, farmers are falling head over heels for this fruit,\" say senior farm officials.The pineapple cultivation started off only few years back in this district. However, nearly 5,000 acres of land are under pineapple cultivation in the two blocks of Thakurganj and Pothia in the district. Whereas the pineapple cultivation calls for an investment of Rs 1.3 lakh to Rs 1.5 lakh per acre, the farmers reap anything between Rs 3.6 lakh to Rs 4.2 lakh per acre, according to district agriculture officer (DAO) Sant Lal Sah. It is still to spread elsewhere in the district though.\"The pineapple cultivation is a long and endurable process. It takes nearly 12 to 15 months to mature. The main period for its cultivation is between December and April, but the farming could be done between June and October as well,\" explained Mohammad Yunus ,a farmer at Churli under Thakurganj block. \"It is both labour and cost effective cultivation. But, the ready market availability is a big impetus,\" said Krishna Patel. Bidhannagar in West Bengal is the hub for pineapple buyers and sellers.\"Pineapple is mainly grown in Assam, Meghalaya, Tripura,Mizoram, Kerala, Karnataka,Goa and West Bengal. But, like tea in the recent past, pineapple is catching the fancy of farmers in Thakurganj and Pothia blocks as well,\" said the senior farm officials. \"Pineapple is exported to Saudi Arabia, UAE, Nepal, Maldives, Netherland and United Kingdom and was pegged at a measly 138 tonnes in the year 1999-2000. But, the same peaked to 837 tonnes in 2001-2002 and has since zoomed to 1,100 tonnes,\" said the Kishanganj DAO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14039397", "title": "Scrap piles up at Coimbatore corporation compound", "text": "COIMBATORE: Scrap iron metal including stacks of dividers still bearing traffic instructions is strewn all over the place at the overhead water tank compound adjacent to the Coimbatore corporation's east zone office in Singanallur. It literally bears the look of a massive scrap iron junk yard.Much of this scrap comprises old road dividers and barricades that were uprooted from the Trichy Road stretch just ahead of the World Classical Tamil Conference held in the city in June 2010. While the corporation is yet to estimate the exact volume of junk dumped at the compound, it has been alleged that a few corporation employees are selling the scrap.\"The dividers and road barricades that were removed from Trichy Road ahead of the world classical Tamil conference have been dumped there. A tender has to be floated for its sale but the corporation is yet to float the tender,' said SM Samy, present municipal councillor and former east zone chairman.According to one of the workers, the entire quantity will be weighed only after the tender is floated and then rates will be fixed and the junk will be sold. He also confirmed that some of the junior workers were illegally selling the scrap iron at regular intervals. There is no way to keep a check on such activity, he said.According to officials, the corporation will soon float a centralised tender to clear out the scrap from its premises. They revealed that certain scrap dealers based out of Ukkadam have monopoly over the city municipal corporation's scrap.\"We will look into the matter and take necessary steps to prevent the illegal sale of scrap metal,\" assured TK Ponnusamy, Commissioner, Coimbatore Corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14039188", "title": "Speeding biker rams into flyover railing, dies", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 21-year-old youth was killed after his bike rammed into the railing of the Mukarba Chowk flyover, throwing him off the flyover in northwest Delhi in early hours of Monday. The deceased person has been identified as Sahil Taneja. His friend Pradeep, who was riding pillion, has sustained major injuries in the accident. Sahil was a resident of Rani Bagh, police said. Cops said Sahil was speeding due which the impact of the collision much greater.Police said they were informed about the accident around 7am by two friends of the victims, Aakash and Saini, who were accompanying on another bike. A PCR van took the victims to the nearby Saroj Hospital from where they were taken to Babu Jagjeevan Ram Hospital. Sahil was declared brought dead and Pradeep was admitted for treatment.After gaining consciousness, Pradeep told cops that Sahil lost control over the bike while taking a sharp turn at the flyover. The bike then hit the railing. Due to the impact \u2014 which also indicates the speed of the vehicle at the time \u2014 Sahil was flung off the flyover. Sources said they suspect the two bikes may have been racing against each other.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "ramgarh", "code": "14034814", "title": "Petrol flows on NH", "text": "RAMGARH: A tanker carrying 12,000 litres of petrol coming from West Bengal's Haldia and on its way to Ranchi Road locality of the district turned turtle on NH-33 near Chutupalu valley late on Sunday night. Around 4,000 litres of petrol flowed on the road after the incident. Police with fire fighting equipment rushed to the spot and vehicular movement on the highway was stopped to avoid any untoward incident.Officer in charge of Ramgarh City police station Manoj Kumar said they asked for the fire engines which was a part of precautionary measures. \"We stopped the traffic on NH-33 for several hours to ensure safety of commuters,\" said Kumar.The highway was reopened after police made adequate safety arrangement on the highway.Around two decades, a similar incident had occurred in Chutupalu valley when a petrol tanker turned turtle. Hundred of motorists and bikers stopped their vehicle to collect petrol which was flowing on the road. Fire broke out and at least eight people were burnt alive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14035956", "title": "Schools to admit poor kids all through the year", "text": "MUMBAI: With Maharashtra recording just two admissions under the Right to Education (RTE) Act, the state has now told non-minority schools to take in poor students as and when the candidates approach them. Warning schools against turning away such students,The state has also told schools that those found violating the norms will face the music.The state had earlier set June 10 as the deadline for schools to fill up 25% seats reserved for poor students under the Act. No child has yet been admitted in a Mumbai school under the Act.\"The Act has no deadline; the deadline was for schools to get working on the implementation. We expect schools to admit students whenever they get applications under the 25% reservation for poor children,\" said Sanjay Deshmukh, director of Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan.According to an earlier announcement by the state education department, schools had time till June 10 to admit students from the economically backward classes from their neighbourhood.While many city schools had claimed their admission processes were completed by March, others said institutes expressed helplessness saying they didn't receive a single application.\"As of now, only two schools -one in Nagpur and the other in Pune-have been approached by parents seeking admission for their children under the 25% RTE quota. It is a good start and other schools will hopefully follow suit,\" said Deshmukh. He also added that no such case has been reported in Mumbai and that schools are still claiming that they haven't received any applications under this category.\"We have received complaints that some schools in Mumbai are refusing to accept admission forms, saying they are minority institutes. We are verifying the schools' cases are being investigated to verify the school's claims,\" he said.A few weeks ago, TOI reported about NGO Desh Seva Samiti (DSS) registering a police complaint against Vibgyor high school in Goregaon after it allegedly refused to accept admission forms of eight slum kids. The school had claimed to be a minority institute. \"We have proof that it is not a minority institute. Strict action should be taken against such schools,\" said DSS member Avisha Kulkarni.According to an earlier circular, schools were also supposed to put up a list on their notice board mentioning the total number of seats at the entry level as well as the number of seats available under the reservation clause. Till date, most schools have failed to follow this rule.\"Initially, schools, parents and the education department will face difficulties but things will fall in place once the rules are clear. By the start of the next academic year, we would have tackled most of the problems and the process will be smooth,\" said a senior education department official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14039322", "title": "Human rights activist's arrest hints at Maoist-Ulfa links?", "text": "NEW DELHI: Home minster P Chidambaram may have denied material evidence of Maoist-Ulfa cooperation, but the recent arrest of human rights activist and suspected CPI Maoist \"mole\" Pallab Borbora by the National Investigation Agency (NIA) hints at such a nexus.The NIA arrested Borbora, a prominent human rights activist who was earlier associated with Manab Adhikar Sangram Samiti (MASS), last Monday from Assam's Golaghat district, where he runs a private school. The agency has accused him of spreading Maoist influence in Assam and playing a role in forging collaboration between the banned outfit and Manipur's People's Liberation Army (PLA).However, within hours of his arrest, the Paresh Baruah-led faction of United Liberation Front of Asom (ULFA) released a statement condemning Borbora's arrest and described him as a human rights activist who fought state oppression.Sources said it was a reciprocation of the open support earlier extended by Upper Assam Leading Committee of CPI Maoist (which Borbora is a part of) to Baruah. \"The CPI (Maoist) has issued several statements in the recent past giving moral support to Baruah's cause,\" said an official privy to these developments.Borbora was once himself known to be close to ULFA, but later joined the CPI (Maoist) and is known be a close associate of Maoist leader Aditya Bora. One of the founder members of ULFA, Bora joined the Maoists a few years ago and was arrested in February last year by Odisha Police from Jharkhand where he was imparting arms training to Maoists. He was recently released on bail and has been absconding since then.Borbora and Bora, sources said, have been constantly making efforts to develop CPI (Maoist) ties with all secessionist elements in the region.An official said, \"There are indications of links between ULFA and Maoists, but there is as yet no material evidence to put on record or make a statutory case.\" Sources in the security establishment at the Centre too agree that that there has been a moral and material support to CPI (Maoist) from ULFA.Intelligence agencies have often given inputs about growing cooperation between CPI (Maoist) and ULFA apart from outfits such as UNLF, NSCN (IM) and PLA. Only last year, addressing a meet in Shillong, the Joint Intelligence Committee chief Ajit Lal said that the CPI (Maoist) and the PLA were in the process of finalizing details of a \"strategic United Front\"- against their \"common enemy\", the Indian government. Lal said both of them had proposed to incorporate all revolutionary secessionist groups operating in the north- east and Jammu and Kashmir and that the concept of the front was to be finalized by early this year.Not surprisingly, Assam CM Tarun Gogoi stressed last Wednesday on a link between ULFA and CPI (Maoist) despite Chidambaram disagreeing. Gogoi said, \"Let him say that. He has got his own sources, I have my own (sources),\" he told reporters in New Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "tirunelveli", "code": "14035116", "title": "Minister wants govt hospitals to take lead in treating dengue", "text": "TIRUNELVELI: State minister for health, V S Vijay wants private hospitals in the state to abstain from admitting patients with dengue fever and refer them to the government hospitals if they approached them for treatment.Later in the evening, the minister clarified that he was referring to private hospitals that do not have facilities such as blood banks not to admit dengue patients.\"If they don't have adequate facilities, they'll not be able to offer required care. Patients are rushed to GHs when they are in shock. All dengue deaths have been late referrals to GH,\" he said.He made the announcement at a review meeting for health officials of four districts - Tirunelveli,, Tuticorin, Kanyakumari and Virudhunagar held at a private engineering college near Palayamkottai on Monday. The minister charged that private hospitals referred the cases to government hospitals at the terminal stages which made it difficult to treat the patients. Instead, if the treatment was administered through the government hospitals, which were equipped to treat dengue patients the chances of them recovering are more. He stressed the importance of the private doctors following this rule to ensure the tackling of the disease in a better manner.Vijay said that the government had allotted funds to tackle the fever and that the death rate had come down significantly.Meanwhile, normalcy has returned to Kadayanallur and neighbouring places in Tirunelveli that saw a large number of dengue cases. According to Dr Manoharan, dean of the Tirunelveli Government Hospital, the number of fever patients coming in had decreased by 30% compared to last month. \"It can be put down to enhanced awareness among the people, which led to early medical intervention and making treatment easier,\" he said.Sources said that there was an urgent need to tackle the civic issues in Kadayanallur, which was a thickly-populated area, with a population of over one lakh people with very bad sanitary conditions. The drainage situation was bad and though it was looked into by the authorities during the annual epidemic, they neglected it after the disease came under control.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14035953", "title": "South Mumbai collegian's death was suicide, confirm cops", "text": "MUMBAI: The Gamdevi police have more or less concluded that 20-year-old Dhwanil Kamlesh Shroff had jumped to his death from his friend's 19th-floor apartment in Woodlands building on Pedder Road early on Sunday.The cops have recorded the statements of Dhwanil's 10 friends who were present in the house when he took the extreme step. Investigators believe the collegian took his life over his failed love affair.The police carried out a panchnama of the spot from where Dhwanil had allegedly jumped. The investigators also shot videos of the entire flat, particularly of the window from where Dhwanil is believed to have jumped.\"The utensils kept on the window parapet were not disturbed. This means Dhwanil took utmost care while climbing onto the parapet and that he had made up his mind about committing suicide,\" said a police officer involved in the probe.Dhwanil and his 10 friends had gathered at their friend Janvi Goel's apartment to watch a football match on TV. According to the police, Dhwanil's ex-girlfriend was also present in the house. The two had studied at Singapore international school in Dahisar. Cops are now questioning Dhwanil's ex-girlfriend to find out what went wrong.The friends told the police that an hour before Dhwanil jumped, he had a brief chat with the girl. Dhwanil and the girl had mutually parted ways a year ago. However in the party Dhwanil discussed with Seema about their broken relationship and got upset. Sometime later, he went inside the kitchen and did not return. His friends realized his absence and could not find him in the kitchen. They immediately thought the worst and rushed down to find Dhwanil lying in pool of blood.\"It appears to be a case of suicide. We have recorded the statements of most of the friends and all have given similar statements.There seems to be no foul play in Dhwanil's death as yet. We are yet to record the statements of Dhwanil's family,\" said DCP (zone 2) Anil Kumbhare.Late on Sunday evening, the police handed over Dhwaneel's body to his family. His cremation took place at Marine lines crematorium soon after. The family refused to talk to the media.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14039349", "title": "Rude shock for authorities as few takers for management seats in Rajasthan", "text": "JAIPUR: The management colleges in the state are in a sorry state due to students' indifference as over 80% seats in all the 134 MBA colleges affiliated with Rajasthan Technical University (RTU) lie vacant even as the first counselling session was held recently.There are a total of 10,000 seats, but only 700 students turned up for the first counselling session. This year counselling was conducted by the Textile Engineering College in Bhilwara. It came as a rude shock to the management of MBA colleges who are struggling to survive in want of students.Already 19 private management colleges have applied to RTU for closure before the beginning of 2012-13 admissions. Most of them are from Jaipur.Experts feel the grim situation might lead to many colleges closing shop this year. RTU officials said in over 50 colleges not a single student turned up for the first counselling.\"This is crisis period for management education in the state. These institutes will have to re-plan their strategy by focusing on faculty and infrastructure,\" said RP Yadav, vice-chancellor, RTU. He informed that last year over 6,000 vacant seats had indicated the crisis.This situation is giving jitters to the upcoming management institutes. Owner of a private management college said, \"Due to the present situation, we have decided not to open our engineering college scheduled for next year.\"Since 2007, the management colleges saw a growth of 30% every year. During this period, the number of management colleges also rose from 60 to 137. Experts feel the sudden spurt in the number of colleges has done the damage as it has not been in proportion with the number of students.The technical education department, however, has passed on the buck to the management of these colleges. \"Few of them have miserably failed to provide quality education. We were shocked to know that some of them were running MBA classes in a garage,\" said an education official.Students aspiring to pursue MBA are opting for private universities. According to an estimate, 34 private universities have over 4,000 management seats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "14040848", "title": "\u2018Hero\u2019 pilot as China\u2019s space woman?", "text": "BEIJING: Successful childbirth was one of the criteria that went into selecting female pilots, one of whom will make the journey in China's first manned flight into space in mid-June. One of the two selected astronauts is already a public heroine for having successfully handled a mid-air emergency.They were selected out of a group of 15 women, who were initially shortlisted on the basis of several qualities including natural child birth, according to Space International magazine under the China Academy of Space Technology. Other criteria include absence of scars and body odour.One of the two will be chosen for the space journey. Both are transport pilots with the People's Liberation Army Air Force. Natural childbirth is a sign that shows mature physical and mental condition, according to Xu Xianrong, a professor with the General Hospital of the PLA Air Force. The chosen pilots must also be married and living with their spouses because they need interpersonal skills to live in space with male colleagues.The two female astronauts, both 33, have been picked out of nine pilots who had been selected for their flying skills and psychological strength. They include Captain Wang Yaping from Shandong province and Major Liu Yang from Henan province.The identities of two male crew members have not been revealed. The PLA said on Saturday it will announce the names of the crew closer to the take off of Shenzhou-9 manned spacecraft, which will dock with Tiangong-1 spacecraft. Liu Yang was once caught in a dangerous situation when her plane hit 18 pigeons. The plane's windshield splattered with blood and the cockpit was filled with burning smell. She managed to stabilize the aircraft and made a successful emergency landing 11 minutes after the incident.Pang said candidates without scars were shortlisted because a scar might open and start bleeding in space and the cramped conditions would intensify body odour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14042390", "title": "Overbridge may blot UT\u2019s skyline", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The UT administration is running out of options in finding a way to tackle hundreds of pedestrians crossing the busy highway outside Inter State Bus Terminus, Sector 43.Feasibility report for constructing an underpass across the main road to Sector 52, on the lines of the one near ISBT-17 has pointed out that the cost of shifting the underground sewerage and water pipes will be too high. Now, the only option is to construct a pedestrian overbridge. A UT official said the stretch outside bus terminus has turned into an accident prone area. Though high barriers have been put up on the divider outside ISBT-17 to prompt people to take the subway and retrain from popping up on the road, the same is not possible in case of ISBT-43.Though the UT administration has been against construction of flyovers in the city to ensure that the skyline doesn't get blocked, it could be the only option left in case of ISBT-43. All corridors of Metro Rail too have been planned underground for this purpose only while the tube will run on the surface in the periphery.\"However, ISBT-43 does not fall in the heart of the heritage zone like the Sector 17 bus stand and the option of a foot overbridge can be considered. The possibility will be examined by the engineering department. The project would also be very cost effective as compared to shifting the maze of underground services already laid in the area,\" said an official.The area on the other side of the road in Sector 52 is alive at night with liquor vends and tea stalls attracting scores of passengers. This often distracts commuters driving down the highway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14053120", "title": "Ramzi's is coming up with his club mix Smile", "text": "Ramzi is the Lebanese hit maker who has had hits across the Middle East and a massive fan based worldwide fan base, this single has been produced and co written with the Brit Jab kid of Punjabi music, Gurinder Seagal who was born in India and is classically trained from a very early age.Watch out for a clubbing club mix in the next few months to make you dance until the release in late August! Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14037867", "title": "AIEEE: Two students from corporation school make to the list", "text": "CHENNAI: Power cuts and mosquito bites did not keep R Aravinda Kumar and V Vimal, two students from the Kodambakkam Chennai Higher Secondary School, from scoring marks high enough to qualify for a seat in central technical institutions like the National Institutes of Technology. The students said that clocking 12 hours of study was their key to cracking the All India Engineering Entrance Examination.Regional head of coaching institute FIITJEE Ankur Kumar Jain vouched for the grit of the two students. \"We were forced to teach the students using emergency lamps because there was no power backup in their school. Their enthusiasm made us invite them to our headquarters in Nungambakkam to study,\" Ankur Jain said.\"As the syllabus was different for the board exam, IIT-JEE and AIEEE, we had a conflict whether to study for the boards or the entrance tests,\" said Aravinda, who secured a cutoff of 67, much is more than the required 48.G Gyaneshwaran, their physics teacher at FIITJEE, said this was probably the reason they did not score well in the board exams. While Arvind secured 841 of 1,200, Vimal, who secured an AIEEE cutoff of 53, scored 931 out of 1200.The corporation had tied up with FIITJEE to conduct free coaching classes for 40 of the best minds from 10 city corporation schools. As many as 36 students dropped out by the end of the first year, and of the four that stuck, two made the cut. \"I could see a change in the way they think and reason. They were able to grasp concepts quicker, and if they have qualified for a BE/BTech seat after balancing the board and entrance test preparation, it is a tribute to their intelligence,\" Gyaneshwaran said.While Aravinda is likely to take part in the counselling process, Vimal wants to pursue research like his idol Einstein. Vimal has secured a BSc Physics seat in RKM Vivekananda College in Mylapore.Overall the performance of city students in the last few of years has been seeing an uptrend, with more students cracking the AIEEE. This year at least seven of the top 10 ranks in the state were from the city. Bharath Sivaram of DAV Boys School in Gopalapuram, who secured the highest score in the state and an all India rank of 43, made it to the rank list of IITs and will be heading there, said a spokesperson from his coaching institute FIITJEE.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14038638", "title": "Ethanol blending will cut petrol rate: Maharashtra cooperation minister", "text": "PUNE: \"Consumers can save up to Rs 10, if 5% ethanol is allowed in every litre of petrol. But the oil companies do not want that to happen,\" said state cooperation minister Harshavardhan Patil on Monday.Patil was speaking to the media on the sidelines of a seminar on sugarcane production and management. \"The state government is completely in favour of ethanol blending. In fact, the government wants to increase the doping to 10%. The benefits can be passed on to consumers who are currently spending Rs 77 per litre. The issue will be taken up with the Union government soon,\" said Patil.\"Ethanol manufacturers are demanding Rs 35 per litre price for ethanol, but it could be fixed at Rs 32. Once the issue is decided, oil companies will have to fix the quota for ethanol purchase. There are many distilleries that export alcohol and ethanol to foreign countries, because there is no demand in the domestic market. Countries like Brazil are dominating ethanol business even in Europe, along with their own domestic market,\" said Patil. He further said that the decision to finalize ethanol purchase price is awaited.On the health of sugar industries, Patil said, \"Overall production of sugar in the country is good and stocks are available for export. The current international rate is Rs 2,600 per quintal, which is not profitable for sugar factories. Many license holding exporters have also not lifted their quota from godowns.\"To address issues and proposed de-controlling of sugar sector, a delegation led by C Rangarajan would meet state government officials on Thursday. Non-payment of debts, influence of sugar factories on politics, lack of proper policy for sugar export and import and over expenditure by factories on certain aspects are some of the factors, which will be discussed with the committee, said Patil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14035085", "title": "Go online to connect with Madurai cops", "text": "MADURAI: With the intention of catching up with the current technological trends and utilise social networking sites for better policing, Madurai district police have decided to launch a Facebook community page that will help the public to a large extent.Police sources said the Facebook community page of the district police will be loaded with all necessary details about police stations and the phone numbers for the public to contact the respective station officers. To rope in public participation effectively for prevention of crime, the profiles of bad characters like rowdy elements, history-sheeters etc will be posted on the community page. Besides, details about non-bailable warrants will also be posted on the page. The district police will keep monitoring the posts on the Facebook page, while the district SP will be spending one hour in a day and respond to the posts by the public. The police are collating all the necessary details and the Facebook page is likely to go live in a couple of days.District SP, V Balakrishnan, said that the effort was taken to catch up with the public especially the ones active on the social networking sites. \"Facebook users can get to know all the necessary details about the district police and interact with the police through the page. The Facebook posts by the public will be carefully considered by the police,\" he said.The main objective of the effort will be for police-public interaction, wherein the police will post all the details about the bad characters and non-bailable warrants in the district. These characters may be residing in the neighbourhood, but the public would have not been aware of them without proper information, the SP said. \"Through Facebook, the public can communicate with the police about the whereabouts of these persons as well as leave any important clues to the police so that better policing can be undertaken with the support of the public,\" he said.The efforts of the district police to become active on Facebook, has thrilled the public, especially the youth. Edward Emmanuel Eltham, a college student from Madurai says that it will increase the police-public interaction. \"At present, not all are comfortable and come forward to contact the police and give any vital information, but through Facebook we can interact easily. We can also share the important messages from police to all our friends , world over. It's a novel initiative by the police,\" he said.Another youth, R Britto Jebaraj from Madurai, who spends at least a few hours daily on Facebook feels that the public can pass on important clues to police through messages on the page. \"The idea of the district police is very appealing and we are eagerly waiting for the launch of the page,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "14042551", "title": "Flesh trade goes on as cops fail to verify tenants", "text": "PANCHKULA: Most of the recently-busted flesh trade rackets in Panchkula were being run from residential areas and the modus operandi is the same in every case, to take a house on rent and use it for making money.It seems that every time such a thing comes to the fore, cops issue directions for tenant verification, but don't follow it up with any enforcement drive. Even in Sunday's incident wherein a racket was busted, no one was verified. In the latest case, three girls and a youth were arrested for running a flesh trade racket in a house in Sector 19, Panchkula.\"If police keep a check by getting verification done, all such things wont happen. The landlord cannot verify what his tenants or paying guests are doing,\" said Sector 19 Residents' Welfare Association president H C Muker. He further added, \"If the checking is done regularly and systematically, even youths who take such residences for this purpose will think twice times before doing so.\"\"Unscrupulous elements too know that police are not bothered about verification, so they take things lightly. I think verification is as necessary as patrolling,\" said Sector 15 Residents' Welfare Association president Sunil Vashisht.As many as five cases of flesh trade racket going on in residential areas have been busted recently and in none of the cases were tenants verified. Soon after a crime takes place, the police issue instructions to impose Section 144 of CrPC for those who don't get verification done but doesn't do anything beyond it. Till now not even a single person has been booked for not getting verification done.ACP Dheeraj Setia said, \"It is true that we imposed section 144 several times but did not book anyone. In fact we will soon start bringing people to the book.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14044781", "title": "Soon, you can \u2018print\u2019 your shoes at home", "text": "LONDON: Have the perfect dress for the night out but no good heels to go with? Don't worry. A new technology that promises to revolutionize wardrobes in the future is in the works and will allow you to quickly and cheaply 'print' your own perfect shoes at home.According to trend forecaster Jane Monnington Boddy, a director for market analyst Stylesight, within the next decade or so you'll be able to quickly and cheaply 'print' your own perfect shoes at home. \"This will revolutionize wardrobes,\" she said. \"It really is the future of fashion.\"It may sound unbelievable, but crude versions of this new technology are already available for around 600 pounds from certain online electronic shops, the Daily Mail reported. Like all hi-tech gadgetry, prices are expected to drop as the technology becomes more mainstream.The technology though in its nascent stage is based on 3D printing which operates in a similar way to your inkjet printer, which prints ink in layers to form a image. Instead of ink, however, a 3D printer uses molten plastic to create a solid object.Hundreds of fine, 0.1mm-thick layers are stuck on top of each other by the machine to produce the item. The printers themselves look like a cross between a microwave and a bread machine, and are about the same size.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14039289", "title": "Tanjore, Kerala artworks up for grabs", "text": "MUMBAI: An art auction by a private firm on June 21 will see bidders vie for antiquities on Tipu Sultan , among other artworks from Tanjore, Tamil Nadu and Kerala. The relics are expected to fetch a sum of Rs 1 lakh to Rs 32 lakh each.Modern greats like D P Roychowdhury, Ramanujam, F N Souza, KCS Paniker, Laxma Goud, J Sultan Ali and contemporary artistes, including Riyaz Komu and Shibu Natesan, will also go under the hammer at a South Mumbai five-star.The highlight of the series is an oil sketch by European artist Henry Singleton, 'The Assault and Taking of Seringapatam' (1800), which was originally in the collection of Lord Wellesley, Duke of Wellington. It is expected to fetch Rs 7.5 lakh to 12 lakh.A rare Tanjore Company School painting 'Devotees and the Temple Car' is likely to sell for Rs 20 lakh to Rs 32 lakh at the auction.This, the last of four auctions in the 'Creative India Series', will focus on the south India, Cholamandal and Goa schools. Previous editions were based on art from Bengal, followed by the Punjab Hills and Delhi, then Bombay and Baroda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14039115", "title": "Man arrested for impersonating army official", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Vastrapur police officials arrested a man for impersonating an army official while making a call to the city police control room to seek help. Police have booked the man for providing false information and impersonating government official.The man who identified himself as an army officer, called up police control room at 2.40 am on June 2 and reported assault on a group of jawans from the Shahibaug cantonment area at the parking of Drive-In cinema. The control room passed on the message to P C Joshi, assistant commissioner of police, A division, who was on patrol that night. When Joshi reached the spot, he did not find anyone. When contacted again, the caller said that he was in Delhi and would contact police upon return.\"We tracked down the number and identified the caller as Amit Mishra , 35, a resident of Satellite who works as salesman for pharmaceutical medicine making equipments. In his statement, he said that he had been to Drive-In cinema to watch a movie. After the movie, he had a scuffle with a group at the parking. He was heavily drunk at that time. In that state, he decided to call up city control room and report the incident. He posed as the army officer to make an impact. He had also phoned senior police officers that night,\" said Vastrapur police station inspector M R Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14044282", "title": "Auto mall in top gear", "text": "The road that leads to the auto hub at Sanand may be India's first auto mall, which has grown organically. On a stretch of barely 6 km on SG Road, nearly two dozen brands of cars are already being sold. More like Volvo will join the list soon.At this motor road to the auto town, you can pick up a gull-winged sports car worth as many crores as the lakhs needed for the bread-andbutter small car, which is also available at three dealerships here. It's not surprising then that car retail as a sector occupies maximum space on SG Road. The road itself is the business district of the city known as the trade capital of Gujarat. According to data accumulated by Jones Lang Lasalle India, the total business space on the highway is close to 6.6 million square feet, except the malls. Of this, 1.32 million sq ft is occupied by the retail industry.Back of envelope calculation shows that over 1.6 lakh sq feet is occupied by the car showrooms alone \u2014 nearly 12% of the total retail space in that area. What's more, if one was include the workshop area, usually attached to the showroom, the final number will be higher than 2.5 lakh sq feet.Sanjay Thakker, whose firm owns Honda , Mercedes Benz , and Volkswagen dealerships on the said stretch told TOI that they occupy a total area of over 80,000 sq feet on the stretch, of which around 35,000 is dedicated to car retail. \"Local municipal tax, octroi, was the reason that car showroom owners initially started operations from SG Road as it was outside the city limits. However, even after the tax was abolished and area came under local municipal limits, almost all new dealership chose to set up shops here,\" Thakker said. \"This road is the best suited for test driving. Even though SG Road grew as a business destination, it had much space to offer, being broad and wellplanned ,\" he added.Owner of a Hyundai showroom, Parnav Nanda pegs the number of cars being sold from this unique auto mall on any given day at 100. While his outlet covers an area of 18,000 sq ft, the showrooms of Jaguar &amp; Land Rover, Ford and Tata \u2014 owned by his family members \u2014 occupy 20,000 sq feet put together.Property consultants, Jones Lang Lasalle's Ahmedabad head, Neeraj Tomar believes that this self-evolved auto mall is only one of its kind. \"None of the metros or other cities has so many car brands being sold on one road. What's equally interesting is that here premium cars have to compete for the space and eyeballs with the cars for masses.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "14042011", "title": "Water treatment unit inaugurated at Amminbhavi", "text": "DHARWAD: With the new water treatment unit in Aminabhavi being commissioned, the twin cities of Dharwad and Hubli will now be able to get an additional 68 million liters of water per day.Minister for rural development and panchayat raj Jagadish Shettar inaugurated the new plant.At present the Water Board is supplying water to the twin cities on alternate days and few areas are getting water once in three days.Every day, the Karnataka State Urban Drinking Water and Drainage Board was supplying 113.80 mld water and a deficit of 60 mld was reported. Hence, a proposal was submitted to the state government two years ago demanding funds to set a new water treatment unit. Responding to this, the government has allotted Rs 152 crore for this unit which is functional now.Shettar said efforts will be made to bring in more number of wards in twin cities under the 24X7 drinking water scheme and facilitate the people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14034923", "title": "Average child labourer in state higher than national figure", "text": "RANCHI: Madhu, a 12-year-old girl of Dumka, was taken away from home by one \"Usha Madam\" promising her parents to take care of her and provide her with a good life and proper education if the girl helped her in her household chores.But after a few days, Usha Madam started beating up Madhu for every small mistake. One day when Madhu could not tolerate it anymore she ran away and was found by Childline Ranchi.Showing the burn marks on her leg inflicted on her by her madam, Madhu said, \"She told my father that she would teach me and give me money but instead she used to beat me all the time. I ran away after she scalded me with a hot iron rod.\"There are many other Madhus in Jharkhand who work as child labourers for a better living. Executive director of Childline N K Tah said, \"We get almost 50-60 cases of child labourers every month and after rescuing them we send them home. Problem arises when the kids don't want to go home because they get more money as labourers.\"In Jharkhand, the average of child labourer is higher than the national figure. According to the census of 2001, there are almost four lakh child labourers between five and 14 years in Jharkhand which makes it 5.5% of the total child population as against the national average of 5%.Unicef state head Job Zacariah said, \"The census only record the number of child labourers working in Jharkhand but does not include those who have migrated to other states. So we can never have the correct figure of child labourers and the one available is under estimated.\"The country has laws for prevention of child labour but it needs to be properly implemented to curb the problem, says Zacariah. \"The Right to Education and Child Labour Prohibition Act (CLPA) 1986 should be properly implemented. Child labour is a punishable offence under the act and the person who is promoting it can be imprisoned for 3 months to one year and a fine of Rs10,000 to Rs 20,000 can be imposed on him or her,\" he said.The Unicef had started an awareness programme on April 30, which is celebrated as national Anti-child Labour Day. \"The programme includes engaging NGOs and schoolchildren to spread awareness by various caravans and door-to-door campaigns and it is being a hit among people. We will continue it till the end of this month\", said Zacariah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "jind", "code": "14037889", "title": "Engagement broken, youth ends life in front of girl's house", "text": "JIND: A 29-year-old youth, Jasbir Singh from Radhana village of Jind district, committed suicide outside his fiancee's house in Bibipur village on Sunday evening. In his two-page suicide note, he accused the girl's aunt and her husband of meddling in their affairs and breaking their matrimonial alliance.Investigating officer ASI Pawan Sharma said, \"Police have booked the couple, Virender Singh and his wife, who are residents of Hisar under sections 306 (abetment to suicide) and 34 (acts done by several persons in furtherance of common intention) of IPC.\" The dead youth's father, Kitab Singh has also lodged a complaint with police.According to information, the deceased wanted his share of ancestral land and body parts sold, so that the proceeds could be handed over to his to-be bride. \"My wife's (referring to his fiancee) aunt and her uncle were creating a hindrance in our relationship, which has resulted in the break off,\" he wrote in a two-page note which had the photo of the girl stapled.Jasbir belonged to a farmer's family and was unemployed. Before his engagement to the girl, he had a brief affair with her and was happy with the relationship. \"It seemed that the girl's aunt was not in favour of this relationship, so she urged the girl's family to break off the engagement. Jagbir came to know of this and even tried to talk to the girl. He reached her house on Sunday evening but found it it difficult to reach her and in desperation, consumed a poisonous substance,\" sources said. The village sarpanch, Sunil Kumar, found him lying in the street and informed the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14041095", "title": "Varanasi Nagar Nigam considers proposal for proper disposal of waste", "text": "VARANASI: The floral wastes of the religious sites in the holy city will not give a filthy look nor they will go in waste in the coming days. By considering a proposal of an organization, the Varanasi Nagar Nigam (VNN) has come up with an ideal way for proper disposal of floral wastes.In the official records of VNN and other agencies the estimated quantity of the total floral waste remains over 3.5 tons per day in the city. However, this figure includes the quantity of floral waste of the temples and other religious sites only while the flower used in offering to the rivers, decoration purposes and other uses remain uncounted. As per the rough estimate of the traders of flower markets, the actual floral waste of the city never remains below 10 tons a day. The improper disposal of the same waste not only gives a filthy look to the streets and roads but also distorts the image of ghats along the river Ganga.In the past, the Kashi Vishwanath Temple Trust had tried to search ways for the proper disposal of floral waste of the Kashi Vishwanath temple. However, no permanent solution could be found in this regard. The VNN had also been facing criticism for a long time as it has not been able to keep the river Ganga, especially near the ghats, free from floral waste. But, now this agency has found a solution. Municipal commissioner, PK Pandey, on Monday disclosed that the VNN has considered a proposal of Aghor Foundation for the proper disposal of the floral waste.According to him, the foundation would take the floral waste to its workshop where the fresh flower would be segregated to procure essence while other floral wastes would be decomposed for generating biogas and also to prepare vermi compost. Pandey said the VNN would collect the floral waste and create points at all ghats along Ganga for its temporary dumping. The foundation's boat would collect the floral waste from the same points and take it to its workshop in Trans- Ganga area. He said the employees had already been issued instructions to collect the floral waste separately and take it to the same collection points.Foundation's office bearer informed that this project would be run on no profit-no loss basis. Pandey hoped that the project would come on floor very soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14050180", "title": "Kareena to join the Pataudis at Lords", "text": "The wedding may be a few months away. But Kareena is set to join the Pataudis for a very special trip to London. We have learnt that along with Bebo, Sharmila Tagore , Saif, Soha and Sabah will be in the city to attend a dinner hosted by the Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) in memory of the patriarch Mansoor Ali Khan 'Tiger' Pataudi who passed away on September 22, 2011.\"The MCC is holding a very special dinner in my father's memory at the Long Room in Lords,\" Soha told us, adding, \"We are all going.\"The relationship between the London club and the Nawabs of Pataudi goes back a long way. While the senior Nawab of Pataudi wore MCC colours on England's tour of Australia way back in 1932-33, his son, Tiger Pataudi, captained India at Lords in 1967. In fact, in recognition of the family's contribution to cricket, MCC commissioned The Pataudi trophy in 2007.And thus the family members went out of their way to attend the special memorial service held by the club. According to a source, while Saif Ali Khan who has been busy with his forthcoming film Cocktail took a few days off, sister Soha excused herself from the Saheb Biwi Gangster sequel schedule in Gujarat to attend this dinner.What's more, we have learnt that Saif's beau Kareena Kapoor and Soha's boyfriend Kunal Khemmu will also join the family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14038637", "title": "Doctors sent to judicial custody, 3 more held", "text": "A local court in Beed on Monday sent Dr Shivaji Sanap, involved in the foeticide case, and his father-in-law Srihari Lahane to judicial custody till June 24. Sanap allegedly illegally aborted the foetuses of three women, two of whom were unmarried, way after the permissible time limit of 20 weeks.The duo may be sent to Nashik jail.Sanap's driver Shekhar Virar was arrested on Monday after cops found that he was involved in running Priya Medical Store, attached to Sanap Hospital. Two friends of Dr Sudam Munde's son Ventakesh were also held. The two were allegedly in touch with the Mundes are on the run. tnnThe friends, Dhumal and Fulari, also had Munde's car in their possession. Police said they have learnt that Munde is changing hideouts everyday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14042438", "title": "In 3 months, burglars struck every 35 hrs", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The last three months have seen one burglary in every 35 hours. This figure is enough to mar the city's image, which is considered one of the safest cities in the country, and to raise questions over the police's ability of checking crime.Senior superintendent of police (SSP) Naunihal Singh has linked the recent spurt in the number of burglaries in both commercial and residential areas, to the scorching heat, saying, \"This trend is seen every year in summers,\" even as his force has virtually failed in curbing burglaries.The situation is so bad that Chandigarh police has been forced to rope in the services of the Indian Reserve Battalion (IRB) jawans for basic policing during night hours in the city. Normally, IRB jawans are called on rare occasions like for controlling a mob or during a violent agitation.\"In a bid to improve basic policing, around 300 IRB jawans have been deployed during night. Twenty jawans have been deployed with each police station (there are 11 police stations), whereas 60 jawans will assist the police control room (PCR) officials,\" SP (operations) R S Ghumman, told TOI.\"After studying the modus operandi of burglars we have identified certain sensitive points in the city. IRB jawans will be on duty near the market areas, residential localities and also help cops in verification of documents and frisking of vehicles at check posts,\" stated Ghumman.In latest strikes, two burglaries took place in two houses in sectors 46 and 19 on Friday night, where the accused decamped with jewellery, cash and sanitary items.On the night of June 5, burglars struck at three different houses in Sector 27and decamped with valuables and jewellery worth lakhs of rupees. On the same night, miscreants struck at four shops in the Sector 27 market. On last Sunday, thieves had targeted six shops in the Sector 16 market but they managed to break the locks of only two shops.In 2011, the total number of burglaries in Chandigarh was 285, while in 2010 and 2009, the figures stood at 236 and 241 respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14038833", "title": "Policemen to be sensitized about women, children issues", "text": "AHMEDABAD: More than 300 state policemen will undergo five-day training on the Juvenile Justice Act (JJ Act) and human trafficking. The training has been organized by Gandhinagar range police officials in collaboration with UNICEF.The training will encompass issues of women and missing children.Talking about the initiative, inspector general of police for Gandhinagar range Shamsher Singh said that it was need of the hour to sensitize the men in khaki about human rights, human trafficking and child related issues. \"We have already set up juvenile units at police stations in all three districts - Gandhinagar, Mehsana and Sabarkantha. Now, 60 personnel from every district have been invited for training about the act, role of police in such cases, duties of an investigator and dealing with women and children,\" Singh said.The training will take place at Udaybhanji Regional Institute of Cooperative Management in Sector 30 of the state capital, where experts from UNICEF and Awaz in Ahmedabad will impart training.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "14039526", "title": "UP CM inspects Yamuna e-way after bypoll rally", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: After suffering inordinate delays in its inauguration, it seems likely that Mayawati's dream project, the Yamuna Expressway, may receive Uttar Pradesh chief minister Akhilesh Yadav's nod soon. The 165km six-lane, access-controlled, elevated expressway was host to Akhilesh on Sunday after he finished addressing a rally in Manth, the constituency that is witnessing a bypoll on Tuesday due to resignation of RLD scion Jayant Chowdhary.Sources confirmed that the chief minister with his entire entourage of nearly 30 vehicles travelled the route from Agra to Greater Noida and back on Sunday. Sources added that the CM was accompanied with several senior officials and party supporters. The VVIP visit on the Yamuna Expressway, which is awaiting the CM's nod, is an indication of Akhilesh Yadav himself assessing the project. Sources claimed that the visit, being touted as a CM's familiarization trip, also puts to rest the much speculated fate of the project that is slated to drastically cut travel time between Delhi and Agra.Originally, the Yamuna Expressway was meant to be inaugurated in December, 2011. However, due to the assembly elections in the state and some part being still incomplete, the opening was delayed. After the Samajwadi Party took over in March, the project got further delayed due to a massive bureaucratic reshuffle. Now that the CM has travelled along the length of the e-way and seen the completed infrastructure firsthand and the available facilities, hope has risen that the project will be inaugurated at the earliest.The technicalities that remain to be ironed out between the developers and the state government include finalizing the speed at which vehicles will be allowed to travel along the expressway. The amount that shall be collected as toll tax by Jaypee Infrastructure also remains to be decided.Meanwhile, a comprehensive inspection of the Yamuna Expressway was recently undertaken by Rites, the transport consultancy, for expediting its opening to traffic.\"The report that was to be submitted to the chairman, Rakesh Bahadur, of the Yamuna Expressway Industrial Development Authority on Monday, will now be handed over in the next couple of days,\" said a YEIDA official.A meeting to hasten the launch and to finalize the remaining roadblocks has also been scheduled for June 15 with the state government. During the meeting, the thrust will be on getting the government to set a date for inaugurating the Rs 11,000 crore expressway after the required clearances are sought from government agencies for fixing the toll tax and speed limit. If all goes well, sources claim that the expressway could be thrown open for use any time after July 7, once the code of conduct implemented for the Panchayat elections being conducted in the district ends.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14035862", "title": "3 burglars held, goods worth Rs 38 lakh seized", "text": "HYDERABAD: Police arrested three burglars and recovered Rs 38 lakh worth stolen property from their possession in two different cases.Acting on a specific alert, the SR Nagar police held K Krishna Mohan of Eluru from Maitrivanam, Ameerpet, while he was waiting to meet a contact person on Sunday evening.Police seized 600 grams of gold ornaments from Krishna's possession and took him into custody. During interrogation, he confessed that he had committed 21 burglaries in SR Nagar, Punjagutta, Banjara Hills and Marredpally police station limits in the last one year. Police also seized 13 laptops and four desktops from his hideout in Bangalore.DCP of West Zone, M Stephen Ravindra said Krishna discontinued engineering as he became addicted to horse racing. To get more money for placing bets, he started committing the burglaries.In another case, Bowenpally police arrested Mohammed Khaleel, a criminal of the Nallakunta police station limits, and his associate Mohammed Sarwar of Uppal, when they were trying to dispose of stolen property at a gold shop on Monday.DCP, North Zone, Ch Srikanth said they had recovered 56 tolas of gold and some silver articles worth Rs 16 lakh from the duo. During interrogation, they confessed that they had committed eight burglaries in Bowenpally, Kushaiguda, Alwal and Nacharam police station limits in the last six months. The arrested persons along with the stolen property were produced before court and remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14040714", "title": "Nearly 15% of India's child labour in UP", "text": "LUCKNOW: For as less as Rs 60 per day, nine-year-old Faizan used to slog the entire day at the metal ware factory in his native city Kanpur to support his father in bringing up his five siblings. In this toil for life and survival, Faizan lost his dream of getting educated like other kids.One day, a stranger Rani Shahid met Faizan's parents and persuaded them to send the boy to school. \"She told my father that I would be able to lead a better life if I get educated which is now provided free upto class five. The kid is also given two sets of uniform, books and even food,\" recalled Faizan. But the boy's parents found the words 'too good to be true'. Rani took the father to the school and eventually Faizan's dream turned into a reality.Rani is one of the 'change agents' who work to save boys and girls like Faizan from the vicious circle hazardous labour. They also ensure that children go to school and attain at least the primary level of education. A small army of 'change agents' in Moradabad district have been able to give a normal life to more than 300 children from different parts of state. Some of these agents also work for health awareness too.These 'change agents' were felicitated at a programme organized jointly by state labour welfare department and Unicef on the eve of international day against child labour here on Monday. Actor Nandita Das who has been working against child labour for the last few years interacted with these 'change agents' and children who have been benefitted from their work. Later talking to media, she said, \"every little effort counts particularly when we know that systemic gaps affect implementation. Any social problem can be eliminated only through persuasion and convincing.\"Efforts made by people like Rani are imperative for a state like UP which accounts for about 15 % of India's child labour burden (12.7 million children as per 2001 census. The figure would surely be more than this keeping the decadal growth in mind). This means that 1.9 million children between 5 and 14 years of age are working in UP. Deputy representative of Unicef David McLaughlin pointed out that 5-14 years is the tender age when children should be playing or studying in schools. \"What else can be a bigger irony of life with children who are forced to work,\" he said.State labour (welfare) commissioner, Harsharan Das who was present on the occasion, stated that these extraordinary people who hail from humble backgrounds are an inspiration to all. \"They have played a big role to help children who lose their childhood to responsibilities,\" he said. Secretary basic education, Sunil Kumar added that reiterated government's commitment to eliminate child labour from society. However, he opined that governments and systems alone cannot kill a social evil. \"Every individual should think sensitively and sensibly. The least one can do is report the matter to childline if they come across a case of child labour,\" said the officer. So, dial 1098 to rescue a child labour!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14039843", "title": "Haryana started power plant in January, ordered coal in June", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It took around six months for Haryana to understand the plight of jaded residents of the state facing power outage because of non-availability of coal and technical faults in power plants.After facing outrage from people for unexpected power cuts in the entire state - especially Gurgaon - the Haryana government has only now begun procuring coal from the central government, which will get their 660MW unit power plant in Jhajjar operational from June 15. Even a Chinese turbine at Yamunanagar plant, not working since March, was recently sent to China by sea route for repair.The 660MW Jhajjar power plant, which was commissioned in January this year, had run for only eight days due to inadequate coal supply. The project was awarded under competitive bidding, wherein the state that is purchasing power had to arrange fuel. But Haryana failed to arrange fuel for the project and the plant was shut down due to coal shortage.For the past six months, the authorities did not take up the matter to ensure supply of coal, forcing residents to go through power cuts. Haryana power minister Captain Ajay Singh Yadav told TOI on Sunday that they have received seven rakes of coal and the unit would start producing power from June 15.\"If the government had acted in January, the state would not have suffered in the peak of summer,\" said Padamjit Singh, chairman, All-India Power Engineers' Federation. \"There are two steps in supplying coal to a thermal power station. The Union ministry of coal decides the long-term coal linkage between a thermal power station and a coal supplier. A fuel supply agreement (FSA) is drawn up between the two. In the case of Jhajjar plant, the state got the long-term linkage approved by the Centre but failed to execute the FSA,\" he said.With the Jhajjar plant not functioning, Gurgaon has been hit hardest. The city was supposed to get 220-230 lakh units to meet its demand of 170-180 lakh units a day from April this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "14043508", "title": "Plan for country's first elephant hospital submitted to Centre", "text": "THRISSUR: The project for India's first hospital for elephants was submitted to the central government for its approval. The state government submitted the project report, prepared by veterinary doctors and experts in Veterinary College, Mannuthy to the Centre for its approval and financial support. The hospital, 'Speciality Hospital for Elephant Care', would come up in Thrissur, costing around Rs 13 crore.S B Yalaki, who is heading the project said, \"We submitted the report several months ago and expect to get the approval soon. Ailing captive elephants in the state would get treatment for various diseases including chronic diseases. If elephants are unable to walk or travel to the hospital, mobile units with the service of a veterinary doctor will be used to transport them.\" According to a source, the hospital would have two satellite units, one in Thrissur and another in Kottur. The hospital would have modern facilities like ultra zone scanning, x-ray, endoscopy, cremation ground and breeding unit. It would also have a research centre.Elephants in Kerala are suffering from chronic diseases like tuberculosis , arthritis , pulpitis, parasitic infections and feet problems. At a time, 10 to 15 elephants can be treated at this hospital and the services of specialized doctors in various fields like surgery and ophthalmology would be offered.The project for first hospital for elephants in India has submitted to the central government for its approval. The state government has submitted the project report, prepared by veterinary doctors, wildlife experts and experts in Veterinary College, Mannuthy to the central government for its approval and for financial support.The hospital, 'Speciality hospital for elephant care', is coming up in Thrissur and it is set up at a cost of Rs 13crore. S B Yalaki, who is heading the project said, \". We have submitted the report several months back and is expected to get the approval soon. Ailing captive elephants in the state will get treatment to various diseases including chronic diseases. When some elephants could not be able to walk or travel to the hospital, mobile units, which will have the service of a veterinary doctor, will travel to its places\".One of the sources said, the hospital will have two satellite units, one in Thrissur and another one would be in Kottur. The hospital will have modern facilities like, ultra zone scanning, X - ray, endoscopy, cremation ground and breeding unit. The hospital will also have research centre.Source said, elephants in Kerala are suffering from chronicle diseases like, tuberculosis, Arthritis, pulpitis, parasitic infections and feet problems. Diseased elephants will get treatment by housing it in the hospital itself. At a time, 10n - 15 elephants can be treated at this hospital and the services of specialised doctors in various fields like surgery, ophthalmology would be offered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14034201", "title": "Payyade, Karnatak triumph in Comrade Shield tournament", "text": "MUMBAI: Payyade Sports Club and the Karnatak Sports Club were declared as joint winners of the Comrade Shield cricket tournament, conducted by the MIG club, after two days out of the three-day final were washed out. The first and the last day of the summit clash were washed out without a ball being bowled.Play was possible only on the second day, that too after an 80-minute delay due to rain. Payyade made 263 in 66.1 overs.Brief Scores: Payyade SC 263 (Praful Waghela 60, Prateek Joshi 54, J Joshi 44; Akbar Joshi 4-54) vs Karnatak Sporting Club.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14039264", "title": "Water crisis stays as Haryana plays hardball", "text": "NEW DELHI: The capital's water situation continues to remain bleak with the Haryana government claiming that it is already releasing more than Delhi's allocated share of water. Ironically, the Delhi government that till last week was furious with the Haryana government for curtailing supply to the Haiderpur plants and refusing to part with 80 million gallons of water per day through the Munak canal, has been holding \"confidence-building measures\" with senior Haryana officials.Two meetings in the past four days \u2014 one between the two chief ministers and another between the two chief secretaries \u2014 briefly touched upon the water issue with no concrete commitment coming from Haryana. After the meeting of the chief secretaries on Monday, the Delhi government appeared quite upbeat, claiming that the Haryana chief secretary had agreed to look into all issues and find a joint solution to the problems. However, Haryana officials literally played the wet blanket, saying that they had no issues to sort out with Delhi. \"Delhi's share from the Munak canal is 610 cusecs while we are already releasing 800-900 cusecs. The canal has been completed but only Haryana's side is operational since we have raised an objection to an illegal cut that Delhi made at Iradatnagar. There is no more water to give,\" said a Haryana government official.Delhi has been claiming that Haryana cut its supply to the Haiderpur water treatment plant almost two weeks ago and the plant is treating 12-15 MGD less than normal. Again, as Delhi Jal Board officials claimed that the Haryana chief secretary had agreed to look into the matter, Haryana officials said that they were releasing the allocated 425 cusecs and could not be held responsible for the \"mismanagement on Delhi's side.\" An official said, \"We are already releasing more than Delhi's fair share of water and Haryana has its internal issues.\"While DJB refused to comment on Haryana's position, it said that the two meetings in the past few days had been quite positive. \"In the first meeting chief minister Sheila Dikshit handed over a letter with our concerns about the Munak canal to the Haryana CM. In the second meeting both states discussed other problems they are facing. The meeting was quite positive and we have agreed to sort out all matters directly. However, no real commitment has come from Haryana. Officials have promised to find solutions to more immediate concerns as soon as possible,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14037582", "title": "Govt proposes VAT subsidy for diesel on fishing vessels", "text": "PANAJI: The state government modified the scheme regarding the grant of value added tax-based (VAT) subsidy on high-speed diesel (HSD) for fishing vessels to provide them relief from losses on operational costs. The government has plans to implement the scheme from the current financial year 2012-13, considering the increasing operational costs incurred by the fishing vessels due to the constant rise in HSD oil prices. \"The cost of the fuel constitutes 60% of the operational cost of a fishing vessel,\" a source stated.A few other factors, especially the depletion in marine resources and the uncertain catch, induced the government to modify the scheme. \"The diesel prices are increasing but the quantum of fish catch has not shown any significant increase,\" the source stated.The introduction of VAT also increases the total tax and owners of fishing vessels had been demanding the exemption of VAT as sales tax. Earlier, sales tax had been waived off before VAT was introduced.However, as there is no provision in the Goa Value Added Tax Act, 2005 to exempt payment of VAT by the owners of fishing vessels, the government decided to grant subsidy on VAT payments made by fishing vessels on consumption of HSD oil. But only fishing vessels registered under the Goa, Daman and Diu Marine Fishing Regulation Act, 1980, and members of a registered co-operative society with valid net and fishing licences are eligible for the subsidy. The owners will have to procure HSD oil from diesel outlets run by the registered fisheries cooperative society or government-approved ones.The quantum of subsidy will be equivalent to the actual VAT paid by the vessel owners under this scheme on the fuel consumed by the vessel for fishing, but the total quota will be restricted to 20,000 kls for the entire fishing industry. The fisheries department has framed conditions for fishing vessels to avail of the subsidy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "14042010", "title": "Rights body moves National Human Rights Commission over suicide", "text": "SILCHAR: Citizens' Rights Preservation Committee (CRPC), a social organization helping linguistic minorities in Assam, has approached the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) over the case in which a resident of a border village in Cachar district committed suicide after he was declared a 'D' - doubtful - voter. CRPC general secretary Sadhan Purkayastha said the suicide was caused by gross violation of human rights by state machineries. \"We seek justice from and want the harassment of a large section of citizens of Assam in the name of 'D' voter stopped immediately,\" said Purkayastha.Arjun Namasudra (32), a resident of Haritikar part-I (Subodh Nagar colony) under Katigorah circle in Cachar district by the India-Bangladesh border, allegedly committed suicide on Friday after he was declared a 'D' voter and was not given the form for voter photo identity card. CRPC functionaries claimed Arjun was an Indian but was tagged as a 'D' voter. His father, late Ananta Namasudra, came to India in 1950 and had a refugee card, but Arjun was born in India, they said.Purkayasthya said the man was a poor daily wage labourer and could not fund the legal proceedings after a case was filed against him at the Foreigners' Tribunal alleging he was a doubtful citizen. He had received a notice twice from the Tribunal but could not appear in court. He was depressed when he hanged himself, he said.Chief minister Tarun Gogoi recently said that there are 1,57,465 'D' voters in Assam and their credentials are being examined. Of them, 5,577 have been found to be foreigners and necessary measures have been taken to deport them, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14043439", "title": "Delhi Metro Rail Corporation to begin construction of 4 bridges soon", "text": "KOCHI: The construction of four bridges on the proposed four-lane Moolampilly-Chathanad road will begin in three months.The project to construct bridges connecting the islands of Moolampilly, Pizhala, Valiya Kadamakkudi and Chathanad was proposed by Goshree Island Development Authority (GIDA). The GIDA council has decided to entrust the task with Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC).\"We have completed paper work including qualification checks and technical evaluation related to the project. Since there is no objection from the government and as GIDA has enough funds, there wouldn't be any further delay in the work,\" said district collector P I Sheik Pareeth.The collector also said that one acre of land would be acquired from each island for constructing the bridges. \"The administration has initiated the land acquisition procedures for the project and it expects to complete the work in a couple of months,\" Pareeth said.Earlier E Sreedharan, principal adviser of DMRC, had inspected the proposed sites for constructing the bridges and given an in-principal nod to take up the work.According to the plan, DMRC will work on three main bridges - the 180m-long Moolampilly - Pizhala bridge, 230m-long Pizhala - Valiya Kadamakudy bridge and 350m-long Valiya Kadamakudy - Chattanad bridge. The agency will also construct a smaller bridge at Pizhala. The project for the four-lane road connecting the islands was approved at a GIDA meeting held in January this year. The proposed road will be 4.5-kilometres long and 22 metres wide and will have 15 to 18 culverts. The project cost is expected to be about Rs 97.2 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14038783", "title": "Conmen dupe studio, steal costly cameras", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two men allegedly conned a studio in Gautam Nagar near Hauz Khas by posing as documentary filmmakers for a yoga trust and stole two of their cameras \u2014 each worth several lakhs.They also convinced four people from the studio to accompany them to Hardwar for a film shoot. The duo had claimed that they wanted to make a documentary on Baba Ramdev and Anna Hazare and their crusade against corruption, police said.While an FIR in this regard has been registered at Hardwar, a complaint has also been filed at the Hauz Khas police station. The studio owners claim that they have CCTV footage of the duo striking the \"deal'' at their shop and also of the actual theft inside a Hardwar hotel.According to police, the duo called up the studio on June 5 and fixed up a tour to Hardwar. They paid an advance for two Z-5 cameras, tripods, accessories, two cameramen and two assistants through a cheque drawn from a bank in Faridabad. On June 8, one Abhishek Kumar and his aide came to the shop and the team consisting of cameramen - Shatrudhan and Jitender set out for Hardwar.\"It was around 4 am that the two men and my team reached Hardwar and checked in to a hotel. As it was a tiring journey, my team decided to rest in their rooms. The accused sprayed some chemicals that knocked them unconscious and the team left with the cameras,'' said Bharath, the proprietor of the company.\"We informed the local police and hotel authorities have traced CCTV footage which shows the accused stealing the cameras. We have CCTV footage from our shop too,'' Bharat added.\"We are coming to Delhi to check the addresses. We hope to make a breakthrough from the bank account,'' said the investigating officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14040557", "title": "British PM leaves 8-year-old daughter in pub", "text": "LONDON: British Prime Minister David Cameron mistakenly left his eight-year-old daughter behind following a lunch with family and friends at a country pub.Cameron got home from a Sunday lunch and discovered he had left his daughter in the pub. He dashed back and found little Nancy with staff at the Plough Inn in Cadsden, Bucks, the Sun tabloid reported on Monday.\"The PM and wife Samantha were distraught when they realized Nancy wasn't with them,\" the report quoted officials at Downing Street as saying. \"Thankfully when they phoned the pub, she was there safe and well. The PM went down straight away to get her.\" Nancy got left in the pub loo when Cameron drove off after his lunch.She wandered off to the Ladies as the prime minister and Samantha were arranging lifts \u2014 and they only realized she was missing once they were back home. The Camerons and children Nancy , Arthur, six, and 22-monthold Florence had been having Sunday lunch with two other families at the Plough Inn near the PM's country home Chequers, the report said.Afterwards Cameron went home in a car flanked by bodyguards, thinking Nancy was with Sam and their other children in a second vehicle. Sam thought Nancy had jumped in with her father. Cameron drove the two miles back to the pub and found Nancy helping out the staff. Nancy was away from her family for 15 minutes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14036434", "title": "CBI now wants narco test on Jaganmohan", "text": "HYDERABAD: Even as the trial court on Monday extended Jaganmohan Reddy's judicial custody by 14 days till June 25, the CBI sought permission to subject him to narco and other tests. Charging that Jagan was not at all cooperative and reluctant to reveal anything despite persistent questioning about his assets, the investigation agency filed a petition in the CBI court seeking permission to conduct Polygraph, Narco and BEAP (Brain Electrical Activation profile) tests on both Jagan and his auditor Vijay Sai Reddy.In its memo filed before principal special judge A Pullaiah on Monday, the CBI said that during the questioning while in their custody, Jagan did not reveal any tangible information about 'the chain of transactions (of the deals that he had struck), the individuals involved and the overseas accounts\".The memo also asserted that 'Jagan is the repository of the entire information, documents and the details of the hawala transactions and he is not revealing any of it.\" The memo was filed by H Venkatesh, SP, CBI who is the chief investigations officer in the case. The CBI further contended that Jagan was cleverly derailing the process of investigation by saying that it was Vijay Sai Reddy who \"is in the know of most of the transactions, documents and information.\"Pleading its case, the CBI memo contended that administering new scientific techniques does not cause any bodily harm and the information extracted by these methods will be used only for strengthening the investigation and such information may not be admitted as evidence at the time of trial. The memo suggested that such scientific tests are a softer option to the \"alleged apprehension of third degree methods by the investigators.\"Polygraph and BEAP tests are the methods which respectively serve the purpose of lie detection and gauging the subject's familiarity with the information relating to the crime, the SP said. These are confirmatory in nature, he added.Not surprisingly Jagan's counsel Ashok Reddy objected to the plea of the CBI arguing that filing such a petition was strange in view of Supreme Court's ruling that these tests are illegal without consent from the individual concerned. It was stranger because the CBI's plea for such test on Vijay Sai was dismissed by the CBI court already, he said. The judge asked Ashok Reddy to file their counter and posted the case to June 14 for hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14034680", "title": "Ancient and modern metal craft works attract visitors", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Bell metal, While metal jewellery, Khajuraho 'Nakashikam', Bamboo crafts, doll making ,lacquer ware and zari zardozi are few products attracting Allahabadis at an exhibition being organised by Madhya Pradesh Handicraft &amp; Handloom Development Corporation at Hindustani Academy. The exhibition began on June 6 and will conclude on June 17.Metal statues and idols, chanderi and maheshwari sarees as well as kosa tussar silk are enough to reveal the traditional culture of craftsmanship whose works has been applauded by visitors. The products (handicrafts) are as diverse as country's cultural diversity and products made with the help of simple, indigenous tools by crafts people who belong within a strong fabric of tradition, aesthetic and artistry.ML Sharma, manager, MPHSVN, claims \"corporation is contributing significantly in conserving the traditional and non-traditional craft of Madhya Pradesh in creating products that have also been providing sustainable employment opportunities to the underprivileged people.Shefali, a visitor says \"the work of metal artists is unbelievable and they are so smooth to shape a design as one could not imagine so easily\". She added metal statues of lord Krishna and Radha or Lord Budha are enough to exhibit the caliber of the artists who have been working on it from centuries.Another visitor, RD Pandey opines \" I have rarely seen such metal work and the artists are doing their jobs so seriously\". He further added \" metal artifact are live living work and they seem to be traditional as well as contemporary\".Artists from Madhya Pradesh small towns are too narrating their experiences as to how they trained themselves in shaping such fine metal statues. A metal artist told TOI \"I learnt the art from my father and now I am teaching my son so that he becomes a great metal artist\". He further adds \"it's an easy job for him for creating well shaped idols or statues \"Bell metalThere are two traditions of metal craft in Madhya Pradesh state: that of bronzes using cire' perdue or the lost wax technique, and the indigenous technique of iron- smithy. The second category, however, is pursued by comparatively less populous Agaria &amp; Lohar tribe from Sarguja, Bastar, Mandla, Betul and Raigarh.White metal jewelleryOrnaments, since prehistoric times, have been seen as a means of self adornment and as well as the personal wealth. The folk jewellery of Madhya Pradesh is most distinctive, highly aristic and varied. The rural jewellery is predominenetly made from silver. Metal-smiths fashion ornaments by using various techniques such as the age old process of sand casting, beaten sheet metal, wire work etc.Khajuraho NakashikamThe artisans of Khajuraho draw inspiration from the Khajuraho temples for their 'nakashikaam'or carving. Khajuraho 'nakashikam' has been incorporated into a wider range products like keychains, photoframe,clocks , coaster etc. This carving is done in various materials from brass to wood.Bamboo CraftBamboo items are usually made by a community called Basod or Basor. These eco-friendly products are light in weight and have their own style and elegance. These products have a high life with minimum maintenance and are at par with wood, if not better. Strips of bamboo are extensively used to manufacture different utility and decorative items. Mats, lamp shades, trays, baskets are weaved and knitted by the skilled hands of the artisans. Bamboo can also be converted into strong and unique furniture.Gond paintingsThe Gond tribe, one of the famous tribes belonging to the Mandala region of Madhya Pradesh, has a typical style of painting, known as Gond paintings. Painted freehand, these two dimensional paintings reflect their perception of life. The third dimension, the depth is always lacking in these paintings reflecting the simplicity of the artist. Gond tribal paintings are not just mere decorations, but also the instant expressions of their religious sentiments and devotions.Doll makingDolls making art of Madhya Pradesh is mainly practiced in the Jhabua district (Meghnagar &amp; kalyanpura). Artisans mainly represent tribal men and women in colourful dresses of their tradition. These dolls are made by using paper mache techniques and cloth, and are stuffed with cotton. They come in various sizes and shapes; in groups; in pairs; and are even custom made as per the client. They are used as artefacts for drawing room or for gifting purpose.ZardosiThe word 'Zardosi can be broken up into two words - 'Zar' meaning 'gold' and 'Dosi' meaning 'embroidery', in Persian. 'Thus the word 'Zardosi' actually means 'embroidery in gold'.'Zardosi' is painstaking work where the cloth is stretched out on an 'adda'(frame). The artisans sit around it on the floor and do embroidery work on the cloth.The 'Zari' or 'Kalabattu' is actually a fzne thread of copper with gold or silver (mostly artificial) polish. Zardosi is done using Zari and other materials such as 'poth' (beads in pearl and glass finish), 'Giaha' and 'Kora' (Spring like metal), 'Sitara' (Sequins of various type), and 'Kutdana' (Glass pipe) etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14042681", "title": "Cursive kids: Home alone, and angry", "text": "KOLKATA: \"Kamina, saale!\", screamed the seven-year-old boy at his classmate who sat next to him. Everyone was shocked and the teacher did not know where to look.When she pulled him up for misbehaviour, the little boy screamed again. He muttered another (worse) expletive under his breath, but loud enough for everyone to hear and then walked up defiantly to the teacher. \"Ma'am, he tore up my copy. He should be punished,\" the boy kept shouting. He threw such a foul-mouthed tantrum that the teacher had no option but to take him out of the class. Even she looked visibly disturbed by the cursing and swearing.It was as if the kid was giving vent to years of rage and frustration.This was just one of the many incidents of aggression in the junior section.Times have indeed changed. What was once settled with a bit of wrestling now leads to unbridled violence and foul language. Children less than 10 years of age are regularly using coarse abuses, mostly in the vernacular. Helpless schools are calling different sets of parents almost every day to apprise them of their wards' aggression.For such kids, school counselling does not help. Parents are advised to take their wards to psychologists and get counselled together. In most cases, the aggression stems from the fact that kids are spending long, lonely hours at home with only retainers for company. Most of them have working parents and the grandparents live apart.In such situations, either the mother is quitting her job to devote time to her kids or a makeshift arrangement is made so that the child, especially if he is under 15, stays in the care of an adult relative after school.If it is both verbal and physical aggression in case of young boys, for girls it is exposure to adult talk and material and even physical abuse, if there are male retainers among their caregivers. \"At least 10 boys in a class of 45 in the junior school suffer from loneliness-related aggression. There are some who get to meet their parents after dinner time and leave for school in the morning when their parents are asleep. We are regularly counselling such parents to shift their focus because their children are living their most tender formative years under the shadow of illiterate caregivers,\" said Anjela Ghosh, head of the junior section of St James High School.Ritu Murthy, wife of hotelier Raj Kumar Murthy, was forced to quit her job after her daughter developed depression from staying long hours cooped up alone in the house ever since she was eight. \"My mother refused to move in with us and we discontinued with a full-time ayah after the last one left my daughter in the park and went for a stroll. My daughter got lost and we found her crying in another neighbourhood. I couldn't quit the job because we needed the money. But finally we noticed that Sreya was talking less and less and stopped going to school because she was also dropping in her grades. So I gave up. It's been a year now and things are much better,\" said Ritu.Sreya is a student of a leading school chain in the city and is still on medication. \"She was in a state of shock when she first came to me. Hers was the reverse of aggression. She wouldn't even watch television and just preferred to sleep or sit by herself. Sreya is basically an introvert and yearned for love and attention in a quiet sort of way, since that was completely lacking in her life, she went into a state of acute depression,\" explained psychiatrist Jyoti Prakash, who has been treating the girl.Renuka and Jitesh Shah were jolted to reality when their eight-year-old Rohan murmured a Bengali expletive at the dinner table. It was clear that Rohan had picked it up from his Bengali ayah. They also realised that he talked to the liftman more than he did with them. With each day, the profanities grew worse and Rohan became defiant. He would not do his homework or go out to play. When Rohan's behaviour started affecting other kids in class, the principal threatened to strike his name off the school rolls. \"We knew we had to take a call. My wife quit her high-flying ad job. Things are better now,\" said Jitesh.Some schools, like St Xavier's Collegiate, La Martiniere for Boys and St James, are running regular counselling sessions for parents, advising them to bring grandparents into the family fold. For the past five years, St James School has been celebrating grandparents' day at school. \"The idea is to strengthen the bonding which is non-existent. It has worked. A large number of grandparents today have moved in with their children or at least grandchildren are being left with them in the after school hours. I am told that some care-giving institutions are opening up in the city for such lonely kids,\" said T H Ireland , principal of St James School.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14040482", "title": "Hosni Mubarak's son shifted close to him", "text": "Egyptian authorities on Monday approved a request by ousted president Hosni Mubarak to shift his eldest son close to him in a prison hospital in Cairo in response to his fast deteriorating health. Mubarak had requested his eldest son Alaa be moved close to him after the authorities last week agreed to a similar request by him to have his youngest son Gamal brought next to him in Tora prison hospital here. \"The consent (in this regard) has been approved on Monday,\" Arabic language Al-Masry Al-Youm daily reported.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14035331", "title": "Indore Development Authority to spend Rs 318 crore for developing Scheme No. 166", "text": "INDORE: The Indore Development Authority (IDA) gave its nod for developmental works of about Rs 390 crore under different schemes at a board meeting here on Monday. A significant amount of Rs 318 crore will be spent on the development of Scheme No. 166.IDA officials said that around Rs 16 crore will be spent on construction of concrete roads in Scheme No. 151 and 169 (B) on Super Corridor. Similarly around Rs 6 crore will be spent on development of Phase II of Scheme No. 78 Part II. IDA will construct around 336 flats for the low income group people at a cost of Rs 31.35 crore.Besides this, the IDA will announce a housing scheme in the Super Corridor area on around 230 hectare of land in Palankhedi, Bada Bangarda, Bharshola, Tigriya and Limbodiya. This will be the first housing scheme on Super Corridor. \"We have got approval from housing and environment departments under Section 50 (I) of MP Rural Investment Act 1973 for the proposed housing scheme. So board decided to announce the housing scheme,\" said an IDA official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14038692", "title": "Pune girl ends life after poor show in exams", "text": "PUNE: Disturbed over the poor performance in the MHT-CET 2012 examination, an 18-year-old girl allegedly committed suicide by hanging herself from the ceiling of her house on Sunday evening. The Hadapsar police have identified the victim as Jessy Wilson Pinto (18) of Tilekar Vasti in Hadapsar.MHT-CET is the combined entrance examination for admission to first year degree courses in health sciences, engineering and pharmacy in the state. The results were declared on June 8.Sub-inspector Prasad Lonare said the incident came to light when Jessy's father Wilson returned home around 4.30 pm on Sunday. \"He found the door locked from inside. When there was no response to his calls from Jessy, he broke open the door with the help of neighbours and found his daughter hanging from the ceiling with her 'dupatta'. She was rushed to a nearby hospital, but was declared dead on arrival,\" he said.Lonare said Jessy had recently passed the higher secondary certificate examination from a private college with 68% marks. \"She had also appeared for the MHT-CET. However, she had scored low marks in the exam.\"Jessy's father works in a private company and her elder sisters take tuitions to run the house, the police said. \"On Sunday, Jessy was alone in the house,\" the police added.A\"Jessy was apparently disturbed after scoring low marks in the MHT-CET,\" Lonare said. The police have registered a case of accidental death, Lonare added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14036617", "title": "Show restraint, RR Patil to forces", "text": "NAGPUR: State home minister RR Patil , also the guardian minister for Gadchiroli district, underlined the restraint that the securitymen have to practise while dealing with the armed guerrillas of the Naxal movement.Patil, who returned to Mumbai after a quick visit to Gadchiroli on Monday, said that the human right commission has in a recent stricture, urged the government to pay a compensation of Rs 5 lakh to the next kin of the Naxal suspects killed during police action. \"Police have to remain within the boundaries of law but Naxal don't have to,\" said Patil. Patil was in Gadchiroli to participate in a meeting with the revenue and other government departments regarding the forthcoming sowing season and its various aspects.Already having brought to fore the issue of legal bindings on police force on a number of occasions earlier, Patil opted to take the familiar recourse in legal modalities during his latest conversation with the media at Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar International Airport in Nagpur.Following the recent non-selection of candidates in teachers' post in the district, Patil admitted that there has been a widespread disappointment among the youths. \"There were around 55 vacant seats of teachers in different colleges in which no local youths were selected. The ones who were selected from other districts are not ready to accept the jobs. This has caused disappointment,\" said Patil. He said that a different selection panel would be constituted for renewing the process as a measure to tackle the issue on hand.Patil, responding to a media query that lower rung government functionaries are unwilling to work in remote areas, has categorically said that a section of the society is taking advantage of the situation of Naxals' fear in the district. \"I don't think that there has been any incident where a gram sewak or a teacher or doctor has been killed by the Naxals. One also must verify the background of those who were killed so far which would present a clearer picture,\" he said. Patil charged that a section of the government machineries are shirking their responsibilities of working in remote areas by projecting Naxal threat. The state home minister, however, admitted that the Naxals are posing hindrances and issuing threats to ensure that the government machineries do not reach the masses.Patil also underlined that joint action of security agencies have gone a long way to tackle the Naxal problem. \"Police and Central Reserve Police Force are trying together which has yielded results,\" he said.Arguing that there has been numbers of resignations from elected members of his outfit Nationalist Congress Party (NCP), the state home minister said that the resignations would not be accepted. \"So far only one NCP zilla parishad member has resigned but that's too not in proper way. There cannot be any substantial reason as to why the representatives who have been elected just few months ago, should resign. We are not accepting any such resignations furnished under fear,\" said Patil. He claimed that several confidence building measures have been undertaken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "bidadi", "code": "14043473", "title": "Nityananda's ashram remains subdued, cops await for orders", "text": "BIDADI: Swami Paramahamsa Nityananda's ashram at Bidadi, 30km from here, was neither sealed nor had been taken over by the authorities till late Monday night.However, the busy ashram, spread over 30 acres, wore a deserted look after TV channels flashed in the afternoon that chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda had ordered that the controversial godman's abode be sealed.A few devotees were seen walking out of the ashram in a huff, but several others remained inside. Police estimated that 150 devotees, including 60, children have taken shelter inside the ashram.\"There is a gurukul in the ashram and children from across the globe have come for a summer camp,\" ashram sources told TOI.A Canadian couple walked out of the ashram, saying they came here four days ago. Regretting that they didn't get a chance to interact with Nityananda, the duo said they enjoyed their stay in the ashram. When asked where Nityananda was, they just laughed and said: \"No comments.\"Another woman devotee from Tamil Nadu quipped that Nityananda was too big to be nailed by worldly processes.A senior police officer told TOI that the ashram hasn't been sealed yet. \"The chief minister has ordered for a detailed inquiry. The superintendent of police and deputy commissioner may start investigation on Tuesday, after they receive orders. There are some legal formalities to be completed before taking any step,\" he said. \"We cannot lock the ashram unless some heinous crime has been reported and police complaint lodged.\" The officer confirmed that no such thing happened over the last weekend.Home ministry sources confirmed that no fresh criminal case that could be described as major, has been filed against the ashram and the godman since 2010.Police left high &amp; dryA 150-strong contingent of policemen has pitched camp in front of the ashram when trouble broke out on Thursday. Two battalions of KSRP have been deployed outside the main gate.\"We have utensils and ration to cook. But we don't have sufficient water and the ashram people have refused to give us, even for drinking purposes. We have to fetch water from public taps and borewells from faraway areas,\" a policeman said.Speculation, however, is rife that Nityananda is still holed up in the ashram. A Kannada activist in Bidadi said: \"It is impossible to go out without being noticed. He is hiding in his room and police are not allowing any outsider to enter the ashram.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "14037880", "title": "Central jail to be shifted to Colvale by December", "text": "CALANGUTE: The central jail at the 16th century Aguada fort will be shifted to the new one being built at Colvale by coming December.Talking to TOI, inspector general of prisons Mihir Vardhan confirmed that the days of the jail at Aguada are numbered.Vardhan told TOI that around 60% of the project on the scenic Colvale plateau is complete. The state-of-the-art jail, located on the eastern side of NH-17, is estimated to cost 51.26 crore (excluding land acquisition costs). Vardhan said that most likely the central jail will be shifted to Colvale by end of the year. \"We hope to commission by end of December\", he added.Besides inmates from the Aguada central jail, the new Colvale jail will also house inmates from Mapusa judicial lock-up, the inspector general of prisons said. Sada jail will be retained as is with some minor changes. The Colvale jail will have nine blocks to accommodate around 540 prisoners, with an entirely separate facility for women prisoners, sources in the PWD which is constructing the project, said.Vardhan said the jail will have the latest security surveillance with CCTV cameras. In a plot of 40,000 sq m, a total 19,675 sq m will be the built up areaFor a few hundred years the Aguada fort was a vital bastion against attacks from the sea and housed a large garrison of soldiers during the erstwhile Portuguese era. Following liberation it was used as a jail. It was here in 1975 that the first and only person to be awarded the death penalty in Goa, Ranga, was hanged.\"We're encouraging NGOs to come and visit the prisoners. We have counseling, meditation sessions, yoga. Sunapranta is doing painting and drawing classes, besides writing classes,\" Vardhan said. A few months ago the prisoners from Aguada central jail held an exhibition of their paintings and other creative works, 'Beyond Barriers', at the Kala Academy. \"They are also being taught performance, dance and drama,\" he said .The prisoners at the central jail also learn various vocational skills like tailoring, carpentry, book-binding, computers, etc. Apart from which they can also earn college degrees through IGNOU. \"When they are released they can take up these things to earn a livelihood,\" says Vardhan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14037997", "title": "PIL likely to be filed next week against Joint Entrance Exam reforms", "text": "MUMBAI: A parents' group here will file a PIL in the Bombay high court against the Joint Entrance Exam (JEE) reforms by next week, even as IIT-Bombay is yet to decide the date of its senate meeting.The Forum for Fairness in Education will probably be the first to file a petition against the reforms on behalf of the parents. The IIT Faculty Federation and IIT-Delhi Alumni Association have already decided to approach court.The forum will file the PIL against the Ministry of Human Resources and Development's decision to introduce the reforms from the next academic session. The forum is opposed to announcement of the new JEE just 10 months before, and wonders what will happen in case of paper leaks in any board and about malpractices in state board exams.The forum has met the parents and taken more than 600 signatures in a campaign against the reforms. \"By Thursday, we will be able to submit all papers to the advocate, and the petition will be filed by next Tuesday,\" said forum president Jayant Jain. According to the normalization formula, a student is separated from another by 0.000000001 percentile. Even a small mistake will mean students will lose percentile rank by some decimal points and his advance paper will not get corrected no matter how well he did. He pointed out that students from the 2012 batch can reappear for the exam next year and improve their score. It is unfair to students from the 2013 batch, he said, as their seniors will have time to revise their syllabus and do better.IIT-Bombay is yet to decide on the date for the senate meeting, which more than 500 faculty members may attend. \"We may go the IIT-Kanpur way and conduct a separate entrance test. We will express full solidarity with IIT-Kanpur,\" said a senior faculty member. Officials are waiting for teachers to return from their vacations. Parents who want to join the signature campaign can email", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14034988", "title": "Bus Rapid Transit System ride to take you down heritage lane", "text": "BHOPAL: Dedicated lanes of the Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) corridor-the country's longest-will be much more than just concrete and tar. Once the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) project comes through-- signages on city's BRTS will take you back in time to give an idea of city's past-heritage, art- and present-its link with nature.Be it inspirational motifs from frescos from 1870 design of city's Sadar Manzil palace, Bagh imprints from Dhar going as far back as 3000 BC or varied range inspiration from nature. \"The designs are inspired by the elements with the city and the state. It is a way of introducing the same to the new generation and tourists alike,\" said BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava.\"Murals reflecting historical importance of palaces and heritage structures of the city would also be displayed on walls passing through the BRTS,\" he added.The designs would form road backdrops taking inspiration from heritage elements of the city. \"The idea is to fill vacant spaces by lending a touch of indigenous designs,\" said designer Huzoor Choudhry, who has been commissioned for the project. Choudhry's earlier work in Bhopal has been internationally-recognised.\"Most of my designs are inspired from historic palaces in Bhopal and nature,\" he said. Railings, signages or even streetlights would have an artistic feel.The BMC also plans to sell the each pergola t-rail frame across the corridor to advertisers. \"We hope this ad space would attract a premium,\" said a BMC official.The design would not stop just at signages. Bus stops across the BRTS would have a heritage element reflecting the glorious history of the past.In the project's first phase, Link road No.1 will be developed soon. And going by the BMC official's claim the country's longest stretch of BRTS could well be the most creative.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14036336", "title": "Child labour rampant in Kanpur", "text": "KANPUR: Even after several rehabilitation drives and legal laws, child labour is rampant in the city. Hundreds of children can seen working as domestic help in houses, at roadside dhabas and eateries to earn livelihood. This shows that nothing has changed since October 10, 2006, when the government prohibited engagement of children below 14 years in any kind of jobs.The Union government has made a separate department to check child labour which works as anti-child labour forum in every state, city and district. The child labour department conducts drives to identify child labourers. The main objective of child labour department is to ensure rehabilitation of the child labourers and get them compensated and rehabilitated. But no such activities are going on in the city. No case has been lodged against any one for violating the Act in the city in past seven months. Not a single raid has been conducted by the labour department.\"The Child Labour, Prohibition and Regulation Act, 1986, had failed to save children from becoming child labourers. Though the Act does not have drawbacks, yet the laxity of the labour department is the main reason behind its poor implementation,\" said Nisha Sharma, a social activist and member of an NGO working against child labour.When contacted, the deputy labour commissioner initially said that the drives are continuously going. But later accepted that anti-child labour drives are irregular.The task to check child labour is difficult unless the employers do not have proper awareness about the laws and punishment, deputy labour commissioner Dheerendra Yadav admitted. \"Ironically, there is a huge gap between the number of inspections, prosecution and conviction and this I admit. The child labourers are fearful of court proceedings which are lengthy. We fail to prove the exact age of child labourers in most of the cases. Non-cooperation of victims and their parents is another major reason of slow enforcement of the Act,\" Yadav added. The official of labour department added that besides all these facts, the law cannot be enforced properly due to paucity of field staff. Lack of cooperation from other departments like police, schools and education department for proper implementation of the law, is another hurdle.June 12 is celebrated as World Day Against Child Labour (WDACL). This year the theme of WDACL is to spotlight the right of children to be protected from child labour and from other violations of fundamental human rights. In 2010, the international community adopted a roadmap for achieving the elimination of the worst forms of child labour by 2016.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14038047", "title": "Francisco Sardinha reviews implementation of schemes in South Goa", "text": "MARGAO: South Goa MP Francisco Sardinha convened a meeting with district rural development agencies (DRDA) and RDA central vigilance action committee to take stock of the implementation of schemes in South Goa.Sardinha, who is the chairman of the South Goa committee, presided over the meeting in the presence of member secretary and South Goa district collector N D Agarwal and they discussed the progress of various RDA schemes that had been sponsored by the central government.Sardinha demanded that the implementation of scheme to BPL cardholders be supervised so that they get all the benefits enlisted to them. \"It was the quarterly meet to review the progress of around 8-9 RDA schemes such as the self employment scheme, National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (NREGA), Indira Awaz Yojana amongst others,\" said Agarwal.Other officials present at the meeting were Sanguem MLA Subhash Phaldesai, Velim MLA Benjamin Silva, nominated members M K Shaikh and Ethel Lobo while member Usha Kudalkar represented the minorities.\"The meeting was to get an overview on central projects and to see if they were rightly allocated,\"said Sardinha while addressing mediapersons after the meeting held on Monday.On a different note, responding to a query, Sardinha said that the demolitions at Moti Dongor needed to be suspended given the upcoming monsoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14050361", "title": "Early insulin intake may prevent diabetes, but not heart disorders: Study", "text": "CHENNAI: Does long-term intake of a special form of insulin prevent diabetes and heart problems, but cause cancer? The debate has been raging in medical circles for long. Now, an international study involving 12,000 pre-diabetics settles two parts of it, but leaves the other open for further research.Results of ORIGIN (Outcome Reduction with Initial Glargine Intervention) study presented in the wee hours of Tuesday at the annual meeting of the American Diabetes Association found basal insulin (known by brand name Lantus) or omega-3 fatty acid (fish oil) did not lower risks of cardiovascular disorders, but delayed the onset of diabetes by 31%. The delaying effect, however, remains open to scientific debate as some experts say it could be because of the good sugar control the pre-diabetics had during the study. The researchers debunked fears that the insulin can cause cancer.The study put to test glargine insulin, a long-acting drug given once a day to help diabetics keep sugar level under control. Unlike normal insulin, glargine has microcrystals that slowly release insulin and hence reduces the risk of low sugar levels. This insulin is nearly three times more expensive than the normal insulin and is used by less than ten percent of insulin users in India. In 2009, a study from Sweden had linked glargine with increased chances of cancer.The six-year ORIGIN trial involving more than 12,000 early diabetics and pre-diabteics -- including 400 from India - challenged this theory. The study, simultaneously published in New England Journal of Medicine, was sponsored by Sanofi Aventis, one of the largest insulin manufacturers. Nearly half of the patients received insulin glargine or Lantus to achieve normal fasting glucose levels and the others went through standard care, which included insulin towards later part of the study. Prinicipal investigator of the study Dr Hertzel Gerstien, professor of medicine at McMaster's Michael G DeGroote School of Medicine confirmed that the study shows that that long-term use of insulin does not cause heart diseases. The study concluded that the group of people who were given glargine had similar cardiovascular events compared to the group given standard therapy.Glargine given once a day could maintain normal blood glucose levels for up to 6.5 years without any harmful effects, said Chennai-based diabetologist Dr A Ramachandran, the principal investigator for India. \"There was a modest risk of hypoglycemia and increase in body weight in patients who took this insulin when compared to those who did not, but there was no risk of cancer. The study gives doctors confidence to initiate patients with glargine early in the course of diabetes or pre-diabetics without any reservations,\" Dr Ramachandran said.The use of basal insulin in pre-diabetes for 6.5 years significantly reduced the incidence of diabetes or prevented onset of diabetes by 31%. While some doctors it was best to start pre-diabetics on insulin to prevent diabetes, others say it wouldn't be wise to conclude the benefits of early introduction of insulin for prevention. Endocrinologist Dr Nihal Thomas of Christian Medical College, who was part of the study, said the group of subjects on glargine was predetermined to have tighter sugar control right from the beginning. \"Tighter control of sugar protects beta-cell function and can prevent onset of diabetes. It is not necessarily a glargine-associated phenomenon. It could be due to the fact that they have a tight control of sugar early,\" he said.The second part of the study was to test if fish oil capsules (omega 3 fatty acids) could reduce cardiovascular events in diabetics and pre-diabetics. This showed there was no benefit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "14036606", "title": "Civic chief imposing new regime on us, say Thaneites", "text": "THANE: Municipal commissioner R A Rajeev is probably the most-talked-about person in housing society meetings in Thane of late. His proposal to reassess property tax has angered many citizens and activists, who fear that it may double their tax burden.The public reaction to Rajeev's plans can be gauged from the fact that just about 13,000 people have signed up and submitted forms for self-assessment of property tax in the last two months. Under his proposal, the tax on all residential, commercial and industrial properties will be revalued on the basis of their capital value as against the prevailing rateable value.Citizens complained the administration is \"forcefully imposing\" the new tax regime on them. \"The commissioner suo motu announced the new tax structure despite it pending approval from the general body. It seems that he has taken them for granted when he circulated the self-assessment forms. There was no debate on the proposal in the civic body nor was it given approval,\" said advocate Prashant Panchakshari.Activists against the proposed capital value-based property tax regime pointed out that the general body is empowered by law to reject or accept the system. \"In April 2010, while amending the Bombay Provincial Municipal Corporations Act 1949, the state legislature vested with corporations the right to decide whether to accept the rateable value system or the capital value system. However, we have been denied this option; the commissioner is thrusting the new system on us as it will swell the civic coffers,\" activist S Joshi said.Rajeev argued that the present system of levying property tax based on rental value is flawed and that the new regime will bring transparency.Not everyone, though, was convinced. \"The capital value of the property is a notional value that remains on the books. One has to sell the property to get that value. One cannot base property tax on Ready Reckoner rates as it is just a guideline for collecting stamp duty,\" said Panchakshari. \"If the administration claims that the prevailing system is flawed then let them correct it. Why don't they rationalize the existing rateable value and decide on the tax?\"Locals felt that the new system will be discriminatory. \"Old citizens who have properties in Naupada, the prime area of Thane, would be unfairly taxed as the market value of their property is close to Rs 1 crore today. How are they at fault if their properties, which were purchased at a few lakhs years ago, have escalated in value? Should they pay more tax merely because the book rates have shot up?\" asked one lawyer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "vadodara/anand", "code": "14039821", "title": "Sardar Patel University develops country\u2019s first solar tracker", "text": "VADODARA/ANAND: It's like a sunflower that follows the sun as it moves around the sky each day. Researchers at Sardar Patel University (SPU) have designed, developed and implemented an automated dual axis solar tracker system, which works on sunflower motion for a solar power plant.And the country's first indigenously designed solar tracker system also increases solar energy harnessing power of a solar power plant by 45 per cent.Interestingly, this indigenously developed solar power plant with the dual axial auto tracking system has been installed at the terrace of SPU's Department of Physics where it generates up to 1.5 kilowatt per hour (KWh) of electrical power through 20 multi-crystalline solar panels of 75 watt generation capacity each.\"India is blessed with ample solar radiation as most parts of the country receive 300 to 330 sunny days a year. Our tracker system has been designed to provide rotation angles as per the rotation path of sun for the entire year for various regions of the country,\" says Shreelal Jha, director (technical) of the self-financed R&D; and consultancy centre for impaired (SFRCI) who along with Dr Jayesh Gandhi, director (operations) of SFRCI developed this system.The system has been designed in such a way that the batteries connected in the circuit stores excess power that can be utilized during the non-solar conditions like early mornings, late evenings or at nights.\"This stored power is also helpful in monsoon when solar radiation is uneven or unavailable. We have designed a unique auto grid changeover device in the system, which takes care of uninterrupted power of 230 volt alternating current (AC) load,\" says Jha, adding that the device has a special feature whereby the tracker starts automatically at 5:45 am and shuts down automatically at 6:45 pm.\"This system has been designed on sensor-based technology avoiding the need for manual programming. It is capable for 3,400 horizontal rotations and 700 vertical rotation movements. Also, the entire structure has been designed to survive wind speed of 60 metre per second during cyclonic conditions.With special funds sanctioned by SPU vice-chancellor Dr Harish Pad and SFRCI chairman Dr A R Jani, this solar power plant presently powers the head of department's office, the administrative office and the laboratory of physics department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14051109", "title": "Isabelle Adjani lands in Mumbai", "text": "TOI spotted legendary French actress Isabelle Adjani arriving in Mumbai on Monday, with director Prem Raj in tow. Adjani (57), a two-time Academy award nominee and winner of Best Actress at the Cannes and Berlin film festivals, whose repertoire includes 30-odd films in French, English and German, is here to shoot her first Hindi film Ishkq in Paris, which also marks Preity Zinta's debut as producer.It is learnt she is staying at a suburban five star and will be in the city for around ten days. Word is it wasn't easy getting an actress of such international repute on board however, with Preity really keen on it, Prem Raj's international connections came in handy. It took him a few visits to France to convince Isabelle, who was eventually quite impressed with the script and characterisation.While sources close to the film say Adjani doesn't really have an extended cameo, there are quite a few powerful scenes where Adjani and Zinta share the same frame. What's more, Salman Khan will be putting in a special appearance in the film, all for the sake of close buddy Preity.And while Ishkq in Paris, a passionate love story set against the backdrop of Paris' high-flying fashion world, is reportedly scheduled for a September release this year, Adjani will be introduced to the Hindi film industry over an exclusive cocktail party, we hear.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14039020", "title": "Anti-pollution drive: 436 fined on Day 1", "text": "NEW DELHI: On the first day of the much-anticipated anti-pollution drive launched by the transport department, 436 vehicle owners were issued 708 challans. The drive will go on for a week and comes almost a year after the last such campaign was conducted. \"As many as 436 vehicle owners didn't have the requisite PUC certificates. Eight vehicles were impounded for not having sufficient documents. Motorists are advised to carry valid certificates to avoid prosecution\", said a transport department official.The week-long drive will see 30 enforcement teams deployed in various parts of the city from 8am to 8pm. Violators are fined Rs 1,000 for the first offence and Rs 2,000 for subsequent offences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14037396", "title": "Not bound to back UPA nominee: CPM", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CPM on Monday indicated that it may choose not to support the government's nominee for the President's post with CPM general secretary Prakash Karat saying, \"We are not bound, we are not part of the Congress alliance and the UPA that we have to support anybody they propose.\"He said the CPM would take a decision after consulting other Left and non-Congress secular parties once the UPA announces its choice. Asked if the CPM would support \"a Bengali\", in an apparent reference to Pranab Mukherjee, Karat said, \"I thought we are an all India party...\"When pointed out that the CPM supported UPA candidate Pratibha Patil last time, Karat said, it was a different situation then as the party was supporting the UPA government from outside.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14034901", "title": "Special summer session for Ranchi University lecturers", "text": "RANCHI: A special summer school will be organized for the lecturers of Ranchi University from June 22 on the order of the University Grants Commission (UGC).\"It is a three-week course equivalent to orientation or refresher programme and will update the lecturers on their respective disciplines and general awareness also,\" said RU vice-chancellor LN Bhagat.The lecturers will learn about how they can be part of the development of society by discussing global warming, recession and other social issues and will also learn about general administration of university like financial and examination rules.The programme will be organized at academic staff college and will be funded by the Union human resource development department. Director of academic staff college RP Singh said, \"Any teacher of the university from any discipline can join the programme and get a certificate which will be helpful for them in career advancement.\"Minimum 50 teachers are required to start the programme. \"Lecturers can submit their application forms for joining the course till June 16 and they will not have to pay any fees for participation. The form is available in academic staff college or can be downloaded from the college website,\" Singh said.The lecturers will be trained by experts of various subjects. Singh said, \"We will invite scholars of various subjects from all over the country to train the lecturers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14044512", "title": "Hunt on for Nityananda, Karnataka government to secure his ashram", "text": "BANGALORE: Chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda on Monday directed the home department to initiate legal action against self-styled godman swami Nityananda, including his arrest.After a high-level meeting with home minister R Ashoka, law minister S Suresh Kumar and top police officials, including DGP Lalrokhuma Pachau, the CM said he has asked the Ramanagaram deputy commissioner and the superintendent of police to secure custody of the ashram (Dhyanapeetham) to collect evidence about its activities and seal the ashram till order is restored. However, police are awaiting government's order to launch a crackdown.The decision follows recent unsavoury incidents at the ashram in Bidadi. A US-based woman has, in a complaint, accused him of abusing her for five years.Police have launched a manhunt for Nityananda, who is reportedly absconding after his devotees assaulted reporters at the ashram last week for asking inconvenient questions.The CM said he has asked regional commissioner Shambhu Dayal Meena to submit a report on the clashes. The government will hold discussions with the law department to seek cancellation of Nityananda's bail, recently granted bail by the high court in connection with a case of rape and criminal intimidation. Nityananda is facing criminal charges, including rape, on complaints last year by some former disciples. He was arrested and released on bail.On June 8, police lodged criminal cases against him and his followers for allegedly assaulting a reporter during a press conference at his ashram. The FIRs were filed on complaints from a regional TV channel reporter and activists of Nava Nirmana Sene. On a counter complaint by two followers of Nityananda, police registered two FIRs against the reporter and Sene activists for alleged outrage of modesty.The reporter complained that he was assaulted after he asked a question at a press meet convened by the godman about Nityananda's refusal to accept court summons on charges of sexual abuse levelled against him by a US-based woman. When Nityananda's men denied he had not been issued any summons, the reporter showed a copy of it that eventually led to a clash between the two.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14037004", "title": "Land sharks squat on defence ministry\u2019s 12,000 acres", "text": "NEW DELHI: A staggering 12,000 acres of land managed by the defence ministry has been encroached on and much of it for more than 20 years, the ministry informed Parliament's Public Accounts Committee (PAC) on Monday.Of the total land encroached, 4,500 acres is under the defence estates management and the ministry is now engaged in recording, updating and microfilming lakhs of documents while also reviewing leases that have either expired or are under dispute.Ministry officials faced some sharp questions from PAC members like N K Singh, Bhatruhari Mahtab and Shashi Tharoor over how proceeds from land developed by government and private parties was used and whether there were records of No Objection Certificates (NoCs) granted by defence authorities.There was a brief reference to the Adarsh scam with Congress MP Sanjay Nirupam wanting to know whether the ministry could claim ownership of the controversial real estate in south Mumbai if it had never received an ownership deed.Mahtab, however, pointed out that the relevant record of defence owning the land could be a part of military land records that the ministry has been asked to locate. The land on which the society came up in violation of norms with flats worth in crores allotted to influential persons has been in the defence ministry's possession for several years.Perhaps wariness about land issues after the Adarsh scam, saw the ministry respond to the committee's queries after five reminders and a year after the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) report reached the PAC.The defence establishment owns a little over 17 lakh acres of land and with the NoC granted, although not executed, for a private school leading to the highly publicized Sukna land case, members wanted to know how many NoCs have been granted in recent years.The query, however, drew a blank as a senior ministry official said the information was classified leading to MPs demanding that it be shared with the panel internally. The ministry carefully told the committee that it has made public information regarding \"old grants\", many that have been concluded in British times.Tharoor is believed to have expressed surprise over the manner in which funds generated from land transactions were not monitored under a separate head as he felt these should be deposited in the consolidated fund of India.In its presentation, the ministry said it has now banned any NoC being issued to private parties and this was being strictly complied with while all defence organizations were actively computerizing records that were placed under electronic time seals signed by relevant officers.PAC also considered a CAG report on fertilizer policy and pricing, with members pointing out that the government's approach has neither moderated prices nor increased production.It was also pointed out that there was no mechanism to monitor subsidy given to non-urea fertilizer as private producers failed to pass on benefits to farmers while allegedly cornering large profits. The fertilizer ministry agreed that it was unable to check quality and pricing at the retail end.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14040001", "title": "Housing plots to become free-hold status", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a welcome move for home owners in the state, the Uttar Pradesh State Industrial Development Corporation on Monday decided to frame a policy to grant a free-hold status to all housing plots across the state. The decision was taken at a meeting of the UPSIDC board on Monday, where it was decided to frame a policy and fix tariffs for converting lease-hold plots to free-hold.Speaking to TOI, Managing Director, UPSIDC, Manoj Kumar Singh, said both the policy and the rates for conversion will be fixed within a fortnight.Though Monday's decision to work out a concerted free-hold policy will help home owners across UP, the move will be especially beneficial for residents of Ghaziabad's Tronika City, being developed by UPSIDC and owners of housing plots in the group housing scheme in Greater Noida.Earlier, the district authorities of Gautam Buddha Nagar, Greater Noida and Yamuna Expressway had deferred the state government's decision to convert the lands of industrial development authorities into freehold. This hadlead to mass scale resistance from the authorities who claimed the move would hamper their development and revenue generation.Now, with a concerted free-hold policy in place, residents will be able to pay the respective development authorities a certain amount in order to convert the status of their housing plot from lease hold, where the authority is the owner of the land, to free-hold, where individual residents become owners of the plot.The UPSIDC Board also, on Monday approved the construction of a 225 acre Plastic Park in Auraiya district of UP. The Government of India funded scheme will see a fund inflow of Rs 50 crore from the Centre and is expected to invite investments to the tune of Rs 200 crore.The district administration, working in tandem with the All India Plastic Association will provide the land as equity and also facilitate the setting up of tool rooms, common facility centres and development zones. The running of the plastic park, however, will be handed over to a Special Purpose Vehicle floated for this purpose.Singh said Auraiya, with a locational advantage of being close to the NTPC thermal power plant had the assurance of uninterrupted power supply. The project, once operational, he said, was expected to generate employment for nearly 25,000 people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14038249", "title": "Court blasts police for shoddy investigation", "text": "CHENNAI: Flaying poor investigation and irrelevant queries raised by police probing the mysterious death of an engineering student, who was found dead on Velammal Engineering College campus last year, the Madras high court has said the dismal conviction ratio in criminal cases was due to shoddy investigation by police.Justice S Nagamuthu, while hearing arguments on a petition filed by the deceased Saravanan's father S Ponnurangam on Monday, asked the deputy commissioner of police (Ambattur) Mahesh Kumar as to why irrelevant questions had been put to the government doctor who had conducted postmortem on the boy.Pointing out that the postmortem expressly ruled out food poisoning as cause of death and went on to state that the body had four contusions and four abrasions and that there were contusions on the chest caused by a blunt object, the judge sought to know as to what prevented the police from altering the suspicious death case into one of murder and probe accordingly.Concurring with the submissions of the parent's counsel S Prabakaran, and faulting police for their 'table work' without going to the bottom of crimes, the judge said that such investigation would result in the acquittal of the accused. The police report had several loopholes, which would be exposed by the defence side during trial, he said. In the end, the courts will be left with no other option except to acquit the suspects, leaving a different impression in the public mind, he said. While police are the root-cause for suspects getting acquitted, the blame falls on the court, the judge said.The deputy commissioner had prepared a report on the investigation and also furnished a questionnaire containing 15-16 questions put to the government doctor. Unimpressed by the work, Justice Nagamuthu pointed out that the deputy commissioner was neither an investigation officer nor he had been arraigned as a respondent in the case. \"Is this the way for a senior police officer to conducts himself in an investigation?\" he asked. The judge has adjourned the matter to Wednesday for further hearing, but not without making it clear that the matter has to go before an independent forum such as the CB-CID.Shanmugavelayutham, public prosecutor for Tamil Nadu, however, informed the court that the authorities had decided to replace the present investigation officer with a different assistant commissioner-level officer.Saravanan, a second year mechanical engineering student of Velammal Engineering College, was found dead inside a hostel toilet on October 30, 2011. Ponnurangam was able to get a copy of the post-mortem report only on January 27, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14036750", "title": "Commerce out of Common Admission Process, more paperwork for students", "text": "NAGPUR: The Common Admission Process (CAP) 2012 for junior colleges in city will go ahead without the commerce faculty thus increasing the paperwork for thousands of students. The committee overseeing CAP claims that commerce faculty, just like arts, had evoked a poor response hence was excluded from the process.Baban Taywade, a senior academician who initiated CAP in the city and is also on its committee, said, \"Last year we had about 3,500 commerce seats available but applications were only half that number. Even among them, not all turned up for counselling. This happened because if students realized they were not going to get admission in a college of their choice, they took the other route.\"The 'other route' happens to be the management quota. Most top colleges in the city are registered as minority institutions and hence they have to offer only half their seats to CAP - the other half they can admit directly. This 50% quota is actually proving counter-productive for the entire CAP system.In Nagpur, admission to state junior colleges was being done only through CAP for almost a decade but first arts and now commerce faculty have been excluded. The basic idea for starting CAP was that students do not have to fill up multiple admission forms at colleges. In CAP, a common form for all colleges is filled out by the student, listing out the preferred colleges. Now, students will have to apply individually to all colleges of their choice.In Mumbai, the admission process is totally online with applications filed via internet. Taywade said, \"We cannot have the same in Nagpur as a majority of the students are from rural areas and they may make a mistake while filing an application online. In our system, the errors are reduced and students have less to worry about.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14039431", "title": "Tough job for Rajasthan govt as Centre revises targets of health indicators", "text": "JAIPUR: Taking strong exception to the high maternal and infant deaths, the Centre has assigned a tough job to the state government by revising the targets of various health indicators including maternal mortality ratio (MMR), infant mortality rate (IMR), family planning and disease control.Rajasthan is one of the states with not so good health indicators. Majority of the health indicators are bad in comparison to the national average. For example, the maternal mortality ratio in India is 212 maternal deaths per 1,00,000 live births. But in Rajasthan, it is 318 maternal deaths per 1,00,000 live births as per the SRS figures of 2007-09. But Centre has given a challenging task to state government administrators, doctors and other medical staff to bring down the MMR from 318 maternal deaths per 1,00,000 live births to 248 maternal deaths per 1,00,000 live births by the end of 2012-13 financial year.The targets are the state-specific goals as it is part of the state programme implementation plan (PIP) 2012-13 approved by the Centre in June. The Centre has allocated lots of fund under National Rural Health Mission (NRHM).\"This document evolves out of a shared vision - about where the state of Rajasthan must reach and the path to be traversed. Strides in the right direction get the state more money while there is a danger too of losing funds for slippages,\" Anuradha Gupta, additional secretary and mission director, National Rural Health Mission mentioned in the preface of the PIP.It has been written in the PIP that the goals and service delivery targets mentioned in the PIP are specifically laid out for Rajasthan.As per the SRS 2010 figures, the national average of infant mortality rate is 47 deaths per 1,000 live births, whereas in Rajasthan it is 55 deaths per 1,000 live births. Now, by the end of 2013 financial year, the state government has been assigned to reduce the IMR from 55 to 37 deaths per 1,000 live births. The state government has to reduce IMR by 18 deaths per 1,000 live births to achieve the target. But it is difficult for the state government as it succeeded in reducing IMR by 18 points in the last 3 years (in 2008 the IMR in Rajasthan was 63 but it reduced to 55 in 2010 by 18 points).Besides, the Centre has given further targets upto the end of 2014-15. Earlier, the Centre used to give targets on the basis of five year plan. But, now it has given the targets for five years by breaking it into three parts. One target is given for end of 2012-13 financial year, the second target for next two years (till end of 2014-15 financial year) and the third part for next two years (end of 2016-17 financial year). All the other states are also assigned short targets, sources said.Mission director of National Rural Health Mission (Rajasthan) Gayatri Rathore said, \"The targets will help us in improving health indicators in the state. Now, we have to step up efforts by identifying the gaps in service delivery, tracking high risk areas, proper implementation of home-based newborn care scheme.\"The Centre has approved Rs1424.28 crore for all the works to be done during 2012-13 financial year under NRHM including infrastructure maintenance and immunization.State specific goalsIndicator India (current status)Rajasthan (current status)state targets2012-13 2013-14 2014-15MMR212 (SRS 07-09)318 (SRS 07-09)248 193 150IMR47(SRS 2010)55(SRS 2010)37 31 25under 5 mortality 59 (SRS 2010)69 (SRS 2010)51 45 39total fertility rate2.5 (SRS 2010)3.1 (SRS 2010)2.9 2.8 2.6neonatal mortality rate 33 (SRS 2010)40 (SRS 2010)28 24 20Sample Registration Survey (SRS) is conducted by the registrar general, India", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14038867", "title": "Govt to seal more shops, levy penalty", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government is likely to intensify its crackdown on child labour. The labour department is going to seal more shops and workshops as part of its attempts to recover the fine of Rs 20,000, which goes towards rehabilitation of the child.The records show that almost Rs 79.75 lakh has been recovered from employers. But this amount pertains to just 320 children whereas over 1,287 children were rescued by the Delhi government along with NGOs in 2010-2011. Senior officials say notices have been issued in most cases but the recovery is slow.On the eve of International Day against Child Labour, the brass of the government admitted that the follow-up mechanism for tracking the disbursal of the money to children needed attention. Documents\u2014accessed by TOI\u2014detailing the recovery amount transferred by the labour department to various states, show that Bihar tops the list of states from where children are being brought to Delhi for work. UP comes next followed by West Bengal.The labour department has released Rs 40.75 lakh to nearly 30 districts of Bihar as compensation for 163 children. Most of the children are from north Bihar. A sum of Rs 25 lakh has been released to districts in Uttar Pradesh for 103 children. A sum of Rs 6 lakh has been released to West Bengal for 24 children, and Rs 3 lakh has been released to Delhi for 12 children.According to the law, Rs 20,000 is to be recovered from the employer of the child and the state contributes Rs 5000. According to a labour department report, 1,287 children were rescued from different parts of Delhi between July 2009 and October 2011 under the Child Labour (Prohibition and Regulation) Act 1986. The labour department is now banking on the power to seal premises of employers indulging in child labour till the time they pay the compensation. HC in a recent directive allowed the state to seal premises of violators who evade paying penalty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "chhindwara (mp)", "code": "14050777", "title": "Mild tremors measuring 3.4 on Richter scale felt in MP district", "text": "CHHINDWARA (MP): Mild tremors measuring 3.4 on the Richter scale were felt today in Chhindwara district of Madhya Pradesh.The quake was felt in the district at 6.38 AM, triggering panic in various villages, officials said.The quake lasted for about six seconds with some walls developing cracks.However, there was no loss of life or property. The epicentre of the quake was Chhindwara but its impact was felt throughout the district, officials added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14037373", "title": "Thieves uproot ATM with Rs 4.87L from Sanand State Bank of India", "text": "AHMEDABAD: An ATM containing Rs 4.87 lakh worth of cash was stolen from a cubicle in Sanand early on Sunday.State Bank of India (SBI) had set-up an ATM cubicle about 45 days ago near Ghoda-Gadi bus stand in Sanand, which is now home to car factories. However, security guards had not yet been appointed at the ATM yet, said police officials. Some time ago, an SBI ATM was uprooted and stolen from a cubicle in Maninagar.The bank officials who reached the empty ATM cubicle at Sanand later told police that at 3.30 am the ATM's power supply lines were cut. The internet server of the ATM also was disconnected. Cutting of the internet lines set off an alarm at the Mumbai branch of SBI. Officials from Mumbai had then intimated their Ahmedabad counterparts.SBI officials told Sanand police that the operations, including refilling of cash at the ATM has been handed over to a private company. Preliminary investigations revealed the last transaction at the ATM took place at 8.40 pm on Saturday. \"The ATM weighed 500 kg - there should be a minimum of four persons involved in the operation,\" deputy superintendent of police, RK Patel.Sanand police officials said: \"The ATM was not fixed to a RCC foundation, as is required.\" The CCTV cameras' backup system also got stolen with the ATM. \"That means there is no video grab available of the cultprits,\" said police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14041729", "title": "Kayak man to fly to London for Olympics", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It is his sheer passion for water sports and a determination to popularize these in Chandigarh and Punjab that has prompted Prabjeeb Singh, 45, a resident of Sector 47, to fly to London for the Olympics that start next month.Prabjeeb, who is the secretary general of canoeing and kayaking federation of Punjab, said that he is going to London to witness the quality and class of water sports there. He also intends to bring similar growth in the field of these sports in Chandigarh and Punjab.\"I am very passionate about water sports and want to uplift the standard of these sports in Chandigarh and Punjab in a big way. One of the prime reasons behind my going to London is to get first-hand experience of world-class infrastructure and the progress that has taken place in the field of water sports in the west in the past few years,\" said Prabjeeb, who is also an agriculturist and has an electronics goods business here.\"I am going there on my own expense and have already got my visa and booked my ticket in the first week of August. Though I have many friends there but I would arrange my accommodation on my own as I want to stay near the venue of the water sports,\" he added. London Olympics will kickstart on July 27 and will culminate on August 12.Prabjeeb is actively involved in water sports (rowing, canoeing and kayaking) both as a player and as part of various federations, for the last over 30 years.\"I am keeping a tab on the release of the water sports schedule and would book my tickets for the matches accordingly. Also, I would see the closing ceremony of these games. My friends, who are living in London are keeping me updated,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14034758", "title": "ICC questions starlet over spot-fixing row", "text": "MUMBAI: The International Cricket Council's (ICC) anti-corruption officer Alan Peacock was in Mumbai on Monday to question small-time Bollywood actress Nupur Mehta , whose name has figured in the recent match and spot-fixing allegations. The questioning took place at a suburban hotel in Mumbai, following which Mehta told TOI that she has been \"given a clean chit by the ICC\". However, sources in the sport's world governing body told TOI that they were not aware of any \"clean chit\" to Mehta yet.Mehta's name first surfaced in March this year when a UK daily carried out a sting operation on a Delhi bookie. The sting was done to investigate allegations of match-fixing during the 2011 ICC World Cup held in India, Sri Lanka and Bangladesh . The sting raised suspicions about Mehta being used by bookies to lure players. Although her name was not mentioned by the paper, a blurred image of Mehta was carried along with the story.\"I was quizzed for two-and-a-half hours by the ICC official and they are satisfied with the answers I have provided,\" Mehta told TOI on Monday. She added that the ICC asked her for names of cricketers who she claims are her social friends, and she provided them.\"I have many friends who are cricketers and with whom I socialize -- Yuvraj (Singh), Parthiv (Patel), Ishant (Sharma). I also know a lot of international players,\" said Nupur. In the past she has also claimed to have dated Sri Lankan batsman Tillakaratne Dilshan.When asked about her photograph published in the UK daily, she said she wasn't aware of any bookie nexus and was of the opinion that the daily must have used her photograph to cite her familiarity with international cricketers. \"I don't know any bookie and I have no connections with anybody,\" said Mehta.The actress, who has only one Bollywood movie (Jo Bole So Nihal) to her credit, said the ICC official kept asking her about how she came to be in touch with the cricketers. \"I met them (cricketers) through my event management company and have accompanied them to parties where I kept getting introduced to more players,\" she said, adding that one player bumped into her in a pub.\"This player was sitting a few feet away and I did not know who he was. After some time he walked up to me to introduce himself. That's how we became friends,\" Mehta said. She claimed that he then introduced her to other players.ICC sources, meanwhile, have rubbished Mehta's claims. While they confirm that Peacock did meet Mehta in Mumbai, they said it was for routine questioning. \"She's not the only one. From time to time, we have been questioning people -- from cricketers to sponsors. We don't have anything to say on this (Mehta's comments),\" said an official in the know of developments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14042321", "title": "Air India flight emergency landing: Glad I was trained to handle such crises, says pilot", "text": "GUWAHATI: A day after she saved many lives by averting a major disaster, Captain Urmila Yadav, the pilot of Air India's Silchar-Guwahati flight said she was happy to perform her job and justify the training she had received. \"It's natural to feel happy to perform. I tried to not to panic during those crucial moments. I was never scared when I found out about losing a wheel mid-air. I tried to get everything in order inside the aircraft and keep the faith of all the passengers there with me. I am happy I was able to give my best to my job.\"On Sunday, 48 passengers and four crew members of an Air India ATR flight from Silchar to Guwahati had a miraculous escape after the aircraft lost one of its front wheels mid-air. but Urmila, managed to land the aircraft safely at LGBI Airport in Guwahati. Urmila, who faced a similar emergency four years back at Chakeri airport in Uttar Pradesh and also saved many then, told TOI that Sunday's incident is quite different from the other. She was then the co-pilot when an ATR carrying 47 passengers and four crew members, including captain pilot Paula Christiano Rebeiro Valcorba, were aboard. During the landing, a Niilgai rammed . The plane overshot the runway but everyone inside was safe. \"It's quite different from the previous incident. In the UP incident, we did not have much time to inform even the ATC. However, here I got much time to assess the problem and to decide my course of action,\" she said.On Sunday here, she hovered above the city for more than one hour to burn the fuel and reduce the weight of the craft for an unconventional landing with the tail first. The pilots soon after the touch down pulled the brakes and cut off the engine. She said: \"As a pilot, my job is to make the passengers feel safe. I was composed as I was trained to deal with such situations. The credit goes to my good trainers who gave me the lessons to handle such crisis.\"In a message for young flyers, she said: \"Every budding pilot must understand their aircraft properly and make the most of the training. The aircraft is a machine and it can always give you trouble at any time. You have to be prepared to handle it and landing is a different landing.\" Earlier, chief minister Tarun Gogoi congratulated Captain Urmila and her co-pilot Yashu of flight for averting a mishap.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14038855", "title": "CBI agrees to probe Ranvir Sena chief's murder", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI, which was asked by the Bihar government last week to take up the probe into the killing of Ranvir Sena chief Brahmeshwar Singh, on Monday gave its assent for conducting the investigation. The agency will register the case in a day or two amid indications that Singh might have been shot dead by hired killers since the probe so far has not suggested involvement of Maoists.Singh, popularly known as Mukhiyaji among his supporters, was shot dead by unknown assailants while he was taking a stroll near his house at Khopira village in Bhojpur district on June 1. The case is being probed by Bihar Police's Special Investigation Team (SIT).The CBI, facing severe staff crunch, agreed to take up the probe only after the Bihar government assured it to provide adequate state police personnel to help conducting the investigation.Referring to indications that emerged out of the ongoing probe, official sources here said the killing appeared to be a \"hit-and-run\" job by hired killers. \"It could be a case of political murder. But nothing can be said until the probe is complete,\" said an official.Ruling out the possibility of naxals' hands in the killing at this juncture, sources said while in jail, Mukhiyaji had reportedly patched up with the incarcerated Maoists cadres and both sides did not provide any evidence against each other in courts leading to the release of the Ranvir Sena chief and a few Maoist leaders from prison.\"Had he been killed by Maoists, the Red Ultras would have announced it as Mukhiyaji was once considered their prime target,\" said an official. Mukhiyaji had formed Ranvir Sena - a private army of landlords - to counter Maoists. He was allegedly involved in a number of massacres in central Bihar.The CBI will register the case once the department of personnel and training (DoPT) issues notification for the formal transfer of case from the Bihar Police.Initially, the CBI was reluctant to take over the case citing unavailability of investigators and requested the Bihar government to send a few police officers on deputation to the agency which the state government agreed to.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14036456", "title": "Gol Chauraha-Narhona route bus service draws criticism", "text": "KANPUR: The launch of city buses remained a one-day show as people had a tough time in getting conveyance from Gol Chauraha to Narhona crossing on Monday. Serpentine queues were witnessed at the bus stops at Bada Chauaraha and Chunniganj. The people complained that the frequency of buses is slow, which forced them to stand in the blazing sun. Many had to hire cycle-rickshaw, an expensive mode of conveyance in the absence of any other option, particularly tempos.The residents said that without introducing sufficient number of buses, the authorities mindlessly banned the tempos on the route.\"Rickshaw pullers are demanding Rs 20 rupees to go from Ursula Horsman Hospital to Phoolbagh. They know that tempos are not available and rickshaw is the only option. Hence, they are overcharging,\" said a nurse. A shopkeeper had to pay Rs 15 to reach to a bank in the vicinity from Bada Chauraha.The district administration had made the busy Rawatpur to Naronha crossing route as 'no tempo zone' from June 9. The officials claimed that the people will get a bus at various stops after a duration of 10 minutes.The people enjoyed buses on Saturday and Sunday. But on Monday, the first working day of the week, the situation was quite different. The buses were insufficient to accommodate a large number of passengers standing on the stops on the route.\"I saw that buses ran on time on Sunday when I went to see a movie in the mall at Bada Chauraha. But on Monday, the scenario had totally changed. I had to wait for more than 20 minutes for a bus at Chunniganj to go to Rawatpur,\" said Shantanu, regular traveller on the route.The locals alleged that the conductors are demanding more money, contrary to what is mentioned on the bus stops.\"The least rent of the buses was decided as Rs 2 but the conductors are not giving tickets of less than Rs 6. When I asked, they said that the tickets of Rs 2 rupees are finished,\" Santosh, a resident of Birhana Road, said.The locals alleged that there is no one to check such malpractices. Even the drivers are driving rashly and dropping the passengers in the middle of the roads. The claims of smooth traffic also fell flat on Monday as locals witnessed traffic frequent jams at Bada Chauraha even in the afternoon period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "balangir", "code": "14041263", "title": "Maoists torch 3 more kendu leaf godowns", "text": "BALANGIR: Maoists continued their violent campaign against government-run tendu leaf business in Western Odisha by setting fire to three godowns in Balangir district's Khaprakhol area. The arson on Sunday night followed similar attacks on 13 tendu leaf storehouses in Balangir and Nuapada districts on Friday and Saturday. Police said the arsonists had come in separate groups and torched the godowns at Singhbahali, Bharuamunda and Badtia villages even as villagers remained mute spectators. The Maoists left only after the godowns were completely burnt.DFO Rohit Singh said property worth around of Rs 4.4 lakhs was destroyed . He said the government taking over the kendu leaf business in the two districts had effectively curbed the Maoists' nuisance of extorting money from private agents. \"This impediment to their funds has made the Maoists angry,\" he said.The DFO added that the godowns were soft targets for the Red rebels. \"Maoists are on a destruction spree against kendu leaf godowns in rural pockets because these are easily and safely accessible. This is their easiest way to destroy government property to send across a message,\" he said.The Balangir SP, R Prakash, said, \"Keeping in view the Maoists' destruction spree, combing will be launched soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14036584", "title": "Free coaching for Muslim aspirants for Civil Services exams", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Haj Committee of India (HCI) has invited applications for free Civil Services examinations (IAS and allied sevices) coaching for Muslim candidates to be held at Haj House, Mumbai. The 15-month coaching programme is slated to begin on August 25.Prof S A M Hashmi, coaching programme director, said the candidates have to stay in the accommodation provided by the HCI for the entire duration of the programme. Selection of candidates is done through an entrance examination.The session is divided into three phases along the lines of UPSC selection process - Prelims, Mains and Interview. At the end of each stage an examination is conducted and students who clear the exam proceed to the next stage. Candidates have to pay Rs 3,500 per month for boarding and lodging at Haj House, Mumbai, while coaching is provided free of cost.This year the entrance exam for selection to the coaching programme will be conducted on June 24 at five centers across the country, including Hyderabad. Application forms for the entrance exam and prospectus are available at HCI website . The last date for submission is June 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "tirunelveli", "code": "14035207", "title": "Tirunelveli teacher, accused of sexually abusing girls, on the run", "text": "TIRUNELVELI: Parents of students studying in a municipality school at Tenkasi in Tirunelveli district staged a protest in front of the school on Monday alleging that a teacher sexually abused the girl students.Police and education department officials held talks with the agitating parents and promised action against the teacher following which the protest was withdrawn. Later the teacher, who is on the run, was transferred. A departmental inquiry had also been initiated against the teacher. Police said that since no formal complaint was lodged with them, they did not pursue legal action against the teacher.Parents of students studying in the municipality middle school in Tenkasi alleged that Andiappan, class teacher of standard five was misbehaving with the girl students ever since the classes commenced this year. The girls complained to their parents who in turn took up the issue with the school authorities. But no action was taken on Andiappan and he allegedly continued to abuse the students.\"Emboldened by the lack of action by the school authorities, Andiappan continued molesting the girls. He would summon them in the name of explaining a chapter and would molest them. He would intimidate the girls who resisted. He also used to threaten them with dire consequences if they revealed it to anyone,\" the angry parents charged. Aggrieved by this, a group of parents, which assembled in front of the school, staged a protest demanding action against Andiappan. The students from the school, both boys and girls, also joined the protest and raised slogans against the teacher. Andiappan, who learnt that angry parents had gathered in front of the school, did not turn up and went missing.Senior education officials visited the spot and after conducting an inquiry with the parents and the students assured that Andiappan would be shunted out from the school. \"After an inquiry, further action would be initiated against the teacher,\" said an education department official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "14042870", "title": "Rajkot citizens to face water cuts from today", "text": "RAJKOT: Now it is official. On Monday, Rajkot Municipal Corporation (RMC) officials announced that there would be water cuts in different wards from Tuesday. Over the last few weeks, residents of different wards in the city have already been facing water cuts.According to officials, they are unable to provide drinking water daily to the entire city because of insufficient supply of Narmada water to Rajkot city. They said that the water level in Maliya branch canal of Narmada had gone down and the supply of water to the city had been hit.Rajkot city requires 470 lakh gallons of water but it receives around 70 lakh gallons less, which is 15% less than the daily requirement from the Narmada. This has compelled the authority to impose water cuts in various wards periodically. \"This has forced us to impose cuts in supply,'' officials said.On Tuesday, ward number 5, 6, 7, 16 and 17 will not get water. The water cut will be implemented daily in different zones of the city till July 15. The city mayor had earlier written a letter to the minister of water resources demanding adequate Naramda water to the city. However, the state government has not increased the water supply quota to the city.Meanwhile, Congress leaders in RMC raised the issue of water crisis in the general board meeting by breaking empty pots. \"This is nothing but mismanagement on the part of RMC. We will hit the streets demanding daily water supply to the city,'' said city Congress chief Jaswantsinh Bhatti.On Sunday, around 30 Congress workers were detained by police when they were going to raise the issue before chief minister Narendra Modi who was in the city for the state BJP executive meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14034526", "title": "It's Jakarta next for super Saina", "text": "HYDERABAD: Before the euphoria over her Thailand Open win can die down, Saina Nehwal has touched down in Jakarta -- her favourite venue -- for the Djarum Indonesia Super Series Premier which kicks off on Tuesday.Hunting for the elusive Premier title, the 21-year-old will be keen to carry on the winning momentum. Though Saina has won the Indonesia Super Series twice (2009 and 2010), she lost in the final after the tournament was upgraded to the Premier level last year.With the mighty Wangs back in action, the field will be quite strong. Saina, who will begin against Sayaka Sato, has been handed a tough draw.The World No.5, who has lost to Sayako only once in their four meetings, will face a qualifier in the second round before entering the 'Wang den' from the quarterfinals onwards. First up for Saina would be Asian Games gold medallist Wang Shixian in the last-eight stage. Saina enjoys a 2-1 career record over the former All-England champion. If she gets past Shixian she may either face second seed Wang Xin or sixth seed Yanjiao Jiang.From the top half of the draw world champion Wang Yihan may easily make it to the final. As the three Wangs -- Shixian, Xin and Yihan -- represent China at the Olympics, the Indonesia Premier will help Saina to test her mettle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "14038258", "title": "Samjhauta blasts: Accused's plea dismissed", "text": "PANCHKULA: Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) activist Kamal Chauhan's application filed against National Investigation Agency (NIA), alleging illegal detention and harassment, was dismissed by the NIA special court here on Monday.Chauhan, along with other accused in the Samjhauta blast case - Naba Kumar Sarkar alias Swami Aseemanand and Lokesh Sharma - were produced in the court amidst tight security cover. NIA special court has extended the judicial remand of all the three accused.\"Chauhan's father had moved a petition against NIA sleuths accusing them of illegally arresting his son and keeping him in custody. He had alleged that his son was taken into custody from Indore on February 10 but his arrest was shown from Noida on February 12 evening,\" RK Handa, senior special public prosecutor of NIA, told TOI on Monday.\"However, court has dismissed this petition. We are preparing our file and very soon we would file the chargesheet against Chauhan,\" Handa added. Next date of hearing of the case is slated for June 25. NIA has maintained that Chauhan had taken arms training at various places in Madhya Pradesh and had a crucial role in making of bombs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14037686", "title": "Govt to announce support price for 10 Goan vegetables soon", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa government will fix a support price for 10 Goan vegetables for the period from October 2012 till March next year to prevent Goan farmers from suffering losses, chief minister Manohar Parrikar , who is also the agriculture minister, announced on Monday.If the price goes up, the farmers are free to sell it wherever they want, but if the price of those 10 vegetables falls below that rate, then any of the 40 outlets of the horticulture department will buy the vegetables from the farmers at the assured price. The farmers will either be paid cash or the money credited directly to their bank accounts. The 10 vegetables include raddish, brinjal, lady finger, chidki midki, etc.Parrikar said that this will be started on an experimental basis and the price will be reviewed and revised after six months. He said the price will be fixed considering the production cost to the farmer plus a 15% profit margin to the farmer so that he is \"assured of a minimum profit\".The chief minister said this will necessitate the introduction of \"cold chains\" and farmers will be sent to understand how the concept of \"farmers' markets\" work in places like Chennai and Pondicherry.The government will soon begin the exercise of assembling a data bank of Goan farmers, who will then be issued smart cards that will enable them to avail of loans and benefits from the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14038079", "title": "Margao may soon have jogging tracks, parks in each ward", "text": "MARGAO: If the city fathers have their way, the state's commercial capital will soon have recreation parks and jogging tracks in almost all of the 20 wards in the city.At a special meeting of the Margao Municipal Council (MMC) held on Monday, a resolution was adopted that the 3 crore \"golden jubilee grants\" received by it from the directorate of art and culture in October 2011 should be utilized for setting up recreation parks and jogging tracks in the open spaces in each ward.The idea found unanimous support from all the councilors at the meeting. In addition to the recreation park/jogging track, councillor Avinash Shirodkar proposed the construction of a playground in his ward, while councillor Raju Naik put forth the idea of constructing a library near Junta quarters for the benefit of the locals. Councillor Joseph Silva suggested that a satellite market as well as a sports and recreation centre be set up in his ward at Fatorda.Chairperson of the MMC Arthur D'Silva, sounded confident that the government would accord its sanction to the council's resolution. \"The idea is excellent as Margao will then have permanent assets in each ward. The open spaces in the city are always in a filthy condition and are invariably encroached upon. Utilizing these plots of land for creating such amenities for the residents will prevent the misuse of land belonging to the MMC,\" D'Silva told TOI.Chief officer of the MMC J B Bhingui said that the resolution will be sent to the directorate of municipal administration (DMA) for its approval.The government in October 2011 had released one-time golden jubilee grants to 13 municipal councils and the Corporation of the City of Panaji (CCP) for the golden jubilee celebration of Goa's liberation.Though the civic body had initially favoured utilizing the grants for a multi-storeyed parking project in the city, the councillors ultimately settled for multiple small projects in all wards. \"The chief minister, Manohar Parrikar , has assured the government's support for constructing a multi-storeyed parking project in Margao. So the councillors decided that the grants be used for some other development projects,\" D'Silva said.As per the order issued by the director of art and culture, Prasad Lolayekar, with regards to the release of these grants, the funds are to be utilized for \"creating any basic required signature infrastructure and development projects which are urgently required for the use of the community\".However, the order makes it mandatory for the civic bodies \"to create a minimum of one block of public toilet/urinals in the area which shall be maintained by the respective civic body\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14035493", "title": "All 300 pilots on strike will be sacked, threatens Ajit", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government has threatened to sack 300 more striking pilots of erstwhile Air India and replace them with new recruits. The national carrier has already sacked 100 pilots and also advertised for hiring new pilots.Civil aviation minister Ajit Singh said, \"The pilots are on an illegal strike since May. How long do they (pilots) expect us to wait for them to resume duty? If the situation remains the same, then the rest (300) of the pilots may also be terminated. But this decision will be taken by the Air India management.\"About 400 Indian Pilots' Guild members have been on strike since May 7. Top ministry officials say the remaining pilots could be sacked. \"They have made themselves irrelevant as about 80% flights are still operational,\" said a senior official.The government's move has led to unrest among the 100 executive pilots of AI who have been keeping the airline's long-haul international flights operational for over a month now. The executive pilot association (EPA of erstwhile AI) on Monday wrote to aviation minister Ajit Singh and aviation secretary Nasim Zaidi to \"end this impasse in a spirit of magnanimity, compassion and statesmanship\".\"The present crisis has entered sixth week. We have been discharging our duties throughout this crisis...? However, we have been doing so under the most trying circumstances as (we)... feel the pain and anguish of our colleagues and juniors who are members of the IPG,\" EPA's letter to the minister says.The minister wrote back to executive pilots while appreciating their work. He underlined the vulnerability of AI to even slightest irresponsible and agitational act of one or other section of the employees. \".... (it) may lead to raising of eyebrows about utility and necessity of AI and infusion of public money to ensure its survival,\" his letter said.The ministry is not too rattled by the unrest in EPA. Sources say they are ready for a lockdown of international flights if they too join the strike. Many executive pilots say they have not decided what to do and the letter to the minister is being seen more as a sign of solidarity to the IPG - whose pilots now say they feel \"let down\" by their executive pilots. \"If the government is planning to sack us all, this is the least the EPA could do,\" said a striking pilot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "14039514", "title": "Delhi Jal Board employee looted, shot at in Loni", "text": "GHAZIABAD: A 58-year-old employee of Delhi Jal Board was shot at by three unidentified armed assailants in Loni when he was returning to his residence after withdrawing Rs 5 lakh from a bank. The miscreants managed to flee after looting the cash. The victim was shot in his stomach and is admitted in a critical state in GTB hospital.A senior police official said that that the incident took place around 11.30am on Monday when the victim, Satbir Tyagi, was heading towards his residence with his 26-year-old son on a motorbike after withdrawing Rs 5 lakh from Oriental Bank of Commerce . \"As they reached near Saheed Om Prakash gas agency, the victim's son turned the motorbike in the service lane. The accused, who were following them, rammed their motorbike into the victim's. One of the accused overpowered the victim's son while two others snatched the money bag. On resistance, the victim was shot in the stomach,\" said a police officer.\"Doctors said that Tyagi has lost a lot of blood. We have nabbed some suspects. They are being questioned,\" a senior cop said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "14041912", "title": "Foresters can\u2019t bell wild cats", "text": "PANCHKULA: The elusive leopard family that was spotted at the Mansa Devi temple twice in last week continues to elude forest officials. A team of forest officials went into nearby forest on Sunday night to search for wild cats but failed to find them.\"Our team carried out the search operation in dense forests from 7pm to 1am on Sunday night but could not find anything,\" said district forest officer (DFO) R K Sharma. He added, \"Our team has decided to spend a few more nights there at different timings.\"One of the forest officials even heard the roar during the operation but even then the team failed to spot it.On Saturday, the security guards on night duty had spotted the leopard with her two cubs. When police was called, cops saw the trio sitting in forest behind the temple. Earlier on Thursday too, when temple priest had just finished his evening prayers when he spotted the big cat.It was even seen by the guards late in the night on Thursday.\"Even on Thursday night when this incident had come to light, we carried out a search operation till 3.30am but did not find the animal. Now even I'll be going to the forest,\" added the officer.The leopard 'sightings' at the shrine's doorstep have caused a scare among devotees.\"It seems the animal is playing hide and seek with us. It roars once and then goes all quiet. It's a nice vacation for the leopard family,\" said another officer.The chief executive officer (CEO) of the temple, D P Dattana, however feels that there is no leopard family on the prowl, and all that's out there is a pig or a dog.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14037247", "title": "Fate of 325 IIT aspirants unsure", "text": "NEW DELHI: Over 300 IIT aspirants short-listed under the 4.5% quota for socially and educationally backward minorities will have to wait till Wednesday to know their fate. IIT JEE organizing committee said that the first list of seats allotted will be made public on June 14, and the committee will wait for instructions from the government till June 13th evening.IIT JEE organizing chairman Prof G B Reddy said, ``We will wait for instructions from the government till June 13th evening. Our first list will be made public on June 14.''Sources said that the Supreme Court's directive not to order a stay immediately had dimmed hopes that the minority sub-quota will be implemented this year.The IITs have already advised aspirants to expand their choice of courses. The decision came after the Andhra Pradesh High Court judgment scraped the sub-quota putting in quandary 325 IIT aspirants who had been short-listed under the sub-quota. The urgency in the case is because counseling for students is already underway.Counseling for admission to 15 IITs and IT-BHU and ISM-Dhanbad has been completed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "aizawal", "code": "14042559", "title": "Mizoram Police arrest two top HPC-D leaders", "text": "AIZAWAL: Two top leaders of the Manipur-based Hmar People's Convention - Democrats (HPC-D) - Lalropuia and Biaknunga were nabbed by Mizoram Police in Silchar on Sunday. Both of them are the \"army chief\" and \"deputy army chief\" of the outfit.Mizoram home minister R Lalzirliana, while addressing a press conference on Monday, said Lalropuia and Biaknunga were arrested inside the Kumbigram Airport in Silchar and brought to Aizawl. The duo was responsible for a number of criminal and illegal acts inside Mizoram, he added.He said though HPC-D was one of the militant groups in Manipur which that had signed suspension of operations (SoO) agreement with the security forces in Manipur under the supervision of the ministry of home affairs, its cadres were indulging in a series of violent and illegal activities.\"HPC-D signed the Soo pact with security forces on August 22, 2008 under which they were to confine in the designated camps, deposit all their weapons and to refrain from any illegal activities,\" Lalzirliana said. However, the HPC-D cadres ambushed an escort party of Mizoram Police belonging to 1{+s}{+t} India Reserve battalion, killing 4 policemen and seriously injuring 3 others on September 2, 2008, he said.He also cited many examples of crimes committed by the outfit, including hiding of sophisticated arms inside Manipur, intimidation of political party leaders before the recent village council polls which resulted in the state election commission to indefinitely postpone the polls in 15 villages and extortion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14052370", "title": "A musical interlude", "text": "Saxophone duo Andrew and Jonathan Kay played to a full house at a city auditorium on a recent Friday night.Joining them on the stage were Subhajyoti Guha on the tabla, Ratul Shankar on drums and Pt Gopal Burman on the mridangam.We spotted percussionist Bickram Ghosh with wife Jaya and son Tatin among the audience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14049978", "title": "Kapil Sibal rules out rollback of common IIT test", "text": "WASHINGTON: Rejecting criticism and virtually ruling out going back on the new proposal, the Union human resources development minister Kapil Sibal on Monday said the government has no intent to impinge on the autonomy of the Indian Institutes of Technologies (IITs).Defending the decision to have one nationwide common entrance test, which is being opposed by IIT Kanpur among others, Kapil Sibal said this has been taken in accordance with the IIT Act passed by the Indian Parliament.Kapil Sibal said this is a unanimous decisions of the IIT Council.\"There is no intent to impact on the IIT system autonomy....the exam that is being contemplated is to be set by the IIT itself,\" Kapil Sibal told reporters here when asked to comment on the controversy back home.\"We have no desire to anyway directly or indirectly.... To protect the autonomy of IIT,\" Sibal said and argued that the decision of the IIT Council is in tune with the international practices.Sibal is leading a high-powered Indian delegation to co-chair the India-US education dialogue with the Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14050470", "title": "Ram Charan and Upasana\u2019s sangeet, a grand affair", "text": "Mega power star Ram Charan and Upasana Kamineni's marriage celebrations kicked off on Monday as Ram Charan's sangeet ceremony was grandly celebrated at Annapurna Studios in Hyderabad. It was a star-studded affair with almost all the bigwigs from showbiz, business and politics were seen in attendance.Charan and Upasana were dressed in a highly expensive designer wear for the ceremony, which boasted of several dances and skits. While Shriya and Tamannaah shook their legs at the sangeet, Daggubati Rana put up an impressive skit. Sreenu Vaitla, VV Vinayak, Akkineni Nagarjuna, Meher Ramesh, Harish Shankar, Venkatesh, Ravi Teja , Allu Arjun, Sunil, Kona Venkat, Akhil were also spotted having a nice time together.Ram Charan and Upasana's wedding is to be held on June 14 at 7.30 am at Temple Tree Farms, Gandipet. After the marriage ceremony, a grand reception is being organised for the mega fans on June 15. Going by the buzz, this occasion is tipped to be the biggest marriage ceremony in the history of South India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14036381", "title": "Indo-Pak talks on Siachen unlikely to break ice", "text": "NEW DELHI: India and Pakistan on Monday kicked off their 13th round of talks on the Siachen Glacier-Saltoro Ridge imbroglio, in the garrison city of Rawalpindi next to capital Islamabad, but no concrete headway is expected in the two-day discussions.Pakistan is pushing for demilitarization of the glacial heights but India, given its past bitter experiences in the 1999 Kargil conflict and elsewhere, is firm that the former must first agree to iron-clad guarantees about the authentication, delineation and demarcation of the respective troop positions along the 110-km Actual Ground Position Line (AGPL).The eight-member Indian delegation is being led by defence secretary Shashikant Sharma and includes director-general of military operations Lt-Gen A K Choudhary and surveyor general S Subha Rao, among others. The Pakistani side is led by Nargis Sethi.Defence minister A K Antony on Friday had stressed there should be no expectations of a ``dramatic'' breakthrough in the talks. India is ready to \"consider'' any plan to disengage or demilitarize the glacial heights but it's conditional on Pakistan's willingness to the three sequential ``pre-requisites'' of authentication, delineation and demarcation of the respective troop positions on the Saltoro Ridge.This will show that Indian troops occupy almost all the dominating heights on the Saltoro Ridge, the highest watershed in the area, while Pakistani troops are nowhere near the Siachen Glacier as it has claimed. If the heights are vacated by India without iron-clad guarantees, Pakistani troops might rush in to link up with the Chinese army to bring the Karakoram Pass under their control and threaten the Ladakh region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "14049289", "title": "Tourist rush in Kashmir worries Himachal Pradesh", "text": "SHIMLA: It was in early 90's when the eruption of militancy had diverted the flow of tourists from Kashmir to Himachal Pradesh in a big way leading to the mushrooming of hotels and guest houses in the tourist town of Shimla, Manali, Dharamshala and Dalhousie. For over 20 years Himachal Pradesh has witnessed boom in tourism sector as tourists were afraid of visiting valley under turmoil. But situation has changed now as Kashmir valley this year is again choked with tourists leading to decline in tourists flow to Himachal Pradesh this year.\"As the tourists headed for Kashmir in large number this year, all hotels, guest houses and house boats are packed to capacity. People are constantly inquiring about the hotel bookings. Kashmir this year has witnessed unprecedented rush since May onwards,\" said Majid a Srinagar resident. Contrarily, Himachal Pradesh had witnessed lean tourist season in the month of May. Tourist rush to Himachal Pradesh increased only after rain and snow lashed higher reaches of state in the beginning of June.With the opening up of Kashmir valley again for tourism, it is being feared that Himachal Pradesh would become second preference for tourists now. Many in the state feel that tourist rush to Himachal Pradesh has increased as hotel bookings are not available in Kashmir valley these days.Dharamshala based hotelier Vijender Karan said this year Kashmir has attracted tourists rush in a big way as Dharamshala is witnessing lean season. \"Last year we used to turn down hundreds of booking requests but this time rooms are lying vacant as tourists have preferred Kashmir where they get more facilities and natural beauty in comparison to Himachal Pradesh,\" he said.Vijender said that variation is temperature is biggest reason for tourist diversion to Kashmir. He said in Himachal, tourist face the problems like water shortage, traffic chaos beside hot weather conditions. \"Kashmir is packed till August and it is the spillover which is coming to Himachal,\" he added.Manali hoteliers association president Gajender Thakur said that May was a lean tourist season for them. \"Diversion of tourists to Kashmir was one reason, but there were other reasons too like banning entry of tourists to Rohtang pass and poor condition of roads,\" he said. Thakur said in May lack of rainfall resulted into rise in mercury level but after rain and snow lashed higher reaches and brought down the temperature, tourist rush has increased to hill town. \"For last one week we are having good tourist season,\" he said.Tourism director Arun Sharma said that it would be premature to say that Himachal Pradesh has lost out to Kashmir this time. \"As compared to last year, tourist rush has increased in Himachal Pradesh. Actual count of tourist could be made only at the end of season and that would clear the picture,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14037743", "title": "Haryana power: Plant started in Jan, coal order in June", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It took around six months for Haryana to understand the plight of jaded residents of the state facing power outage because of non-availability of coal and technical faults in state-owned power plants.After facing outrage from people for unexpected power cuts in the entire state - especially Gurgaon -- Haryana government has only now begun procuring coal from the central government, which will get their 660MW unit power plant in Jhajjar operational from June 15. Even a Chinese turbine at Yamunanagar plant, not working since March, was recently sent to China by sea route for repair.The 660MW Jhajjar power plant, that was commissioned in January this year, had run for only eight days due to inadequate coal allocation.The project was awarded under competitive bidding, wherein the state that is purchasing had to arrange fuel. But, Haryana failed to arrange fuel for the project and the plant was shut down due to coal shortage.For the past six months, the authorities did not take up the matter to ensure supply of coal, forcing residents to go through power cuts.Haryana power minister Captain Ajay Singh Yadav told TOI on Sunday that they have received seven rakes of coal and the unit would start producing power from June 15.\"If the government had acted in January, the state would not have suffered in the peak of summer,\" said Padamjit Singh, chairman, All-India Power Engineers' Federation.\"There are two steps in supplying coal to a thermal power station. The Union ministry of coal decides the long-term coal linkage between a thermal power station and Coal India Ltd (CIL), which will supply coal. A fuel supply agreement (FSA) is drawn up between the two. In the case of Jhajjar plant, Haryana government got the long-term linkage approved by the Centre but failed to execute the FSA due to which the coal supply did not commence,\" said Padamjit Singh.With the Jhajjar plant not functioning, Gurgaon has been hit hardest. The city was supposed to get 220-230 lakh units to meet its demand of 170-180 lakh units a day from April this year.And, the government has not only defaulted in procuring coal but also repairing of power units well before the onset of summer.Sources say that damaged parts at the power unit in Yamunanagar are being shipped to China - via the sea route -- for repairs well into summer. The machines are lying dysfunctional since March.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14042725", "title": "Assam govt yet to give justice to victims of 'secret killings', says Ulfa", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Paresh Baruah faction of Ulfa on Monday blamed both the state government and the Centre for the controversial 'secret killings' in the state between 1998 and 2001. The Ulfa hardliners' publicity secretary and self-styled lieutenant, Arunodoy Dohotia (Asom), in an e-mail statement, said that no government, irrespective of the party, has ever tried to bring justice to the victims of the 'secret killings' but they play politics on the issue.Between 1998 and 2001, when AGP was in power, many relatives of Ulfa leaders were killed by unidentified gunmen and these incidents were later branded 'secret killings'. \"How can a culprit convict himself? Tarun Gogoi himself recently conceded his limitations in probing the 'secret killings' as he admitted the alleged involvement of the then government in the killings. No government in the state can bring justice to the victims as the system itself is responsible for the killings,\" alleged Dohotia.Earlier on Saturday, Tarun Gogoi, while speaking on the issue of 'secret killings', had said that the probe was difficult due to the alleged involvement of the then AGP government. Reacting to Gogoi's statement on Sunday, AGP president and former chief minister Prafulla Mahanta blamed Congress of playing politics in the name of the 'secret killings'. \"No investigation has proved the involvement of AGP in the 'secret killings' and Congress is simply playing politics over the issue,\" said Mahanta.Citing examples of Punjab and Kashmir, the Ulfa hardliners said, \"Whenever common men raise their voices, the government tries to suppress them with gun power. Congress had started the trend of 'secret killings' and AGP and BJP kept the tradition alive.\"Blaming many top police officials, including one retired DGP, of playing a major role in the controversial killings, Dohotia said that the ruling Tarun Gogoi government has no option but to protect these officials due to the tremendous pressure from the Centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14035534", "title": "Ujjain cops crack IT official\u2019s murder mystery, arrest driver", "text": "INDORE: Ujjain police on Monday claimed to have cracked the murder mystery of additional income tax commissioner Arun Diwan. The cops arrested three persons in this connection.The officer was strangulated to death at his apartment in New Risala by the three accused with the intention to loot his house in broad daylight on Sunday evening.The accused have been identified as the deceased's driver Lokendra and his accomplices Babu and Om.Talking to ToI over phone, IGP (Ujjain) Upendra Jain said that three persons, including former driver of the deceased, have been arrested. \"The three have confessed to their involvement in the murder. Their sheer intention behind the murder was loot. However, they failed to take away the locker due to its heavy weight,\" said Jain.The prime accused Lokendra and others belong to Hamukhedi village. Lokendra was the driver of the deceased and was well aware that Diwan used to live alone in his apartment. The accused had attempted made at least four attempts to loot his house before Sunday. Each time they found the deceased's vehicle parked in front of his house. Assuming that Diwan was home, they could not give shape to their evil designs, said the IGP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14034409", "title": "Allahabad boils at 44.3 degrees Celsius", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The city is getting no respite from mercury mayhem. The soaring trend of temperature continued on Monday with city recording maximum temperature of 44.3 degrees Celsius. The minimum temperature was 30.1 degrees Celsius.The weather office predicted that maximum temperature could again touch 46 or 47 degrees in coming days. However, there could be cloudy skies on some days.A week back, the temperature was declined up to 40 degrees Celsius due to dust storms. The city has been sizzling under extreme heat conditions.Doctors say such weather conditions are taking a toll on people's health. Many cases of skin burn are also being reported at government hospitals.\"It is difficult to move out from house when the temperature is above 44 degrees,\" said Mohd Hasan Zaidi, adding that \"now we are eagerly waiting for monsoon to bring relief.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "chennai/ tirunelveli", "code": "14037571", "title": "Send dengue cases to govt hospitals: Minister", "text": "CHENNAI/ TIRUNELVELI: State health minister V S Vijay has asked private hospitals in the state to stop admitting patients with dengue and instead refer them to government hospitals.Later, the minister clarified that he was referring to private hospitals that do not have facilities such as blood banks.The minister made the announcement during a review meeting of health officials of four districts, including Tirunelveli, Tuticorin, Kanyakumari and Virudhunagar, held at a private engineering college near Palayamkottai in Tirunelveli district on Monday. The minister claimed that the private hospitals referred the cases to government hospitals at the late stages of the disease, which made it difficult to treat the patients. The district and several others in the region recently witnessed a major outbreak of the vector-borne disease with the official death toll crossing 30.The minister said if patients with dengue were treated by government hospitals, which were equipped to handle such cases, the chances of them recovering are more. He stressed the importance of private doctors following this rule to ensure better handling of the dengue situation in the south. The minister said the government had allotted funds to check the spread of the fever and that the death rate had come down significantly.However, Dr T N Ravishankar, former secretary of Indian Medical Association said: \"It is the patients right to choose the hospital. If hospitals have the facility they should be allowed to treat patients.\"The dengue-affected areas like Kadayanallur and neighbouring villages in Tirunelveli district is limping back to normalcy. Tirunelveli Government Hospital dean Dr M Manoharan said the number of patients reporting with dengue fever had reduced substantially. \"It can be attributed to enhanced awareness among the people, which has led to early medical intervention and making treatment easier,\" he said.Sources said there was an urgent need to tackle the civic issues in Kadayanallur.Meanwhile, in Chennai the number of dengue cases reported with the city corporation went up by 24, in less than two weeks. So far, 152 people have been tested positive for dengue in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14043665", "title": "Northeast: A new haven for jobless Malayalis", "text": "KOCHI: Malayalis looking for new pastures have found a haven in northeastern states, especially Assam and Mizoram where government and private players have set up new cement and mineral plants in pursuit of development.Over the last two years, nearly 200 families from Kerala have settled in these states after finding jobs in these industries. With the threat of extremist outfits such as ULFA waning and governments focusing on major infrastructure and development projects, the states are attracting talented and qualified personnel from states such as Kerala, said Ram Tirath Jindal, principal secretary, Industries and Commerce and Panchayat and Rural Development and Mines and Minerals Department, Assam, in a telephonic conversation.With the influx of people from the state, more Malayali associations have been launched in these states with Mizoram even declaring a state holiday on Thiruvonam.\"There is a positive change in the investment climate in these states. The state governments are focusing on development and the situation is perfect for making investments. Other than seeking employment opportunities, large number of Malayalis are also investing in various sectors,\" said Kerala Association Guwahati joint secretary R Harikumar, who has been a resident of Assam for over a decade.He said employment opportunities have increased manifold with investments doubling in mineral-related sectors in these states. \"Technically qualified youngsters from Kerala have found jobs in these industries. The local residents also welcome people from other states and we don't have any trouble from ULFA activists,\" he added.\"These new ventures need talented and qualified people, and they are coming from outside the state, mainly south India. They have identified the potential of northeastern states for growth and this is a positive development,\" Ram Tirath Jindal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14035300", "title": "Narendra Modi is the 'pot' that calls 'kettle' black: Nitish", "text": "PATNA: In a first, Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar has spoken out against his Gujarat counterpart Narendra Modi , describing him as the proverbial pot which calls the kettle black. \"Chalni dooshe soonp ko,\" Kumar quoted the Hindi translation of the adage to hit out against Modi's remark that caste-based politics in Bihar had led to the backwardness of the state. \"The one whose hands are full of communalism does not have the moral right to malign others for casteism,\" Kumar tersely told newsmen here on Monday.Addressing the Gujarat state BJP executive committee meeting at Rajkot on Saturday, Modi had said Bihar, once a prosperous state, was pushed into backwardness due to the caste-based politics. Political circles interpreted the remark as a slur on Kumar who has been in power in Bihar for over six years. Kumar, who has made concerted efforts to woo the minorities despite running a government in alliance with the BJP, has in the past made no secret of his antipathy to Modi.Kumar said he did not have the habit of criticizing others unnecessarily. \"Before criticizing others, one should think about himself. Odds notwithstanding, Bihar is progressing, and anybody can see it,\" he said.Sources in Kumar's JD-U said the party was keeping a close watch on the developments in the saffron party in the wake of Modi's moves to project himself as the \"big boss\" of the BJP. JD-U leaders also said Modi was suffering from \"inferiority complex\" as Bihar has reported resounding growth rate with Kumar at the helm.Bihar JD-U president Vashisht Narayan Singh said Modi should have studied the Bihar situation before making such a remark. As a matter of fact, he added, the entire nation is under the grip of caste-based politics. However, Bihar BJP chief C P Thakur said the allegation of caste-based politics in Bihar was not true. \"The BJP has always welcomed people of all castes with open arms,\" he said.According to political observers, the BJP-JD (U) divide in the NDA do not seem a distant possibility now that the BJP appears to be accommodative to Modi and his machinations. The day BJP declares Modi is its prime ministerial candidate, Kumar's party will sever its ties with the BJP, they said and ruled out any threat to the Kumar's government as JD-U alone has 118 MLAs in the 243-strong state legislative assembly.Bihar is pursuing an inclusive growth without social tension and it is appreciated worldwide while Gujarat has been condemned worldwide for the worst-ever communal violence, JD-U general secretary Niraj Kumar said and appeared to be echoing the views of the political observers when he added, \"Modi has blood on his hands and, therefore, he is not acceptable to us at any cost.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "14035052", "title": "Fire breaks out at Chasnala colliery", "text": "SINDRI: Production in western quarry of Chasnala colliery of SAIL remained disrupted on Monday following a devastating fire that broke out in the open cast mine in the wee hours. The colliery management is struggling hard to bring the fire under control with sand and soil.According to reports there was no manpower present in the colliery on Sunday night. At around 1 am, suddenly there was a puff like sound and the entire area got filled with black smoke. On inspection it was found that a portion of the mine, about 60 to 80 m below the earth surface, was blazing with fire.When contacted general manager B K Sinha said, \"It was an old fire that somehow raged but there was nothing to worry as it was like a usual affair for a coal mine.\"According to the GM, there was a blast on Saturday and coking coal produced could not be lifted as it was a weekly-off on Sunday. \"Good quality coking coal has a tendency of catching fire,\" he said adding that extreme hot weather conditions might have ignited the fire. \"We are trying to douse the fire by covering the area with sand and soil. Water and chemical will also be used to control it,\" he said adding that production would resume once the fire comes under control.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14039368", "title": "Seven booked in gang violence case", "text": "COIMBATORE: Tension prevailed at Mettupalayam on Sunday night after a mob damaged vehicles and houses at Shankar Nagar. The police have booked seven persons in connection with the case.Police said, Ayyappan (20) on Sunday around 8 pm, with his friends Sasi and Ganeshan had gone to First Street in Shankar Nagar and were chatting in front of a house which belonged to Velusamy. Meanwhile, Prabhu, Nehruji, Suresh and Ramki came to the spot and started a quarrel with Ayyappan and his friends due to previous enmity regarding a temple festival. Prabhu and his friends attacked Ayyappan and Sasi with a wooden log. Ramki was attacked with a stone. Prabhu and his team threatened to kill them if they raised their voice. When locals gathered around, Prabhu and his friends fled. Ayyappan and his friends were admitted at the Mettupalayam GH.Around 9 pm, as many as 20 people arrived at 1st Street in Shankar Nagar and vandalized houses and vehicles including a tractor parked on the street. Public water connections were also damaged. On receiving information, Mettupalayam police rushed to the spot and conducted an inquiry based on which seven persons were booked. Meanwhile, over 100 conservancy staff staying in the area boycotted work to condemn the attack and submitted a petition to municipality officials seeking action against the attackers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14041345", "title": "I didn't term Prime Minister as Dhritrashtra: Kiran Bedi", "text": "VARANASI: Continuing her attack on the Prime Minister, the Team Anna member Kiran Bedi reiterated that the PM was \"acting like Dhritarashtra\" of Mahabharata period. \"Neither he (PM) is trying to see the things nor speaking anything against the wrong doings,\" she said while talking to reporters here on Monday.Bedi, however, made it clear that her remarks (describing PM as Dhritrashtra) were not against Manmohan Singh but against the office of the Prime Minister for overlooking faults.\"I did not term Manmohan Singh as Dhritrashtra but the office of the PM,\" she said, adding that had the PMO kept its eye open, the irregularities in allotment of coal blocks and loss to the nation could have been prevented.\"I urge the PM to initiate a probe against all including himself, his 14 ministers and members of Team Anna by an independent body, and the probe should be started from me,\" she said adding, \"but, the condition is that the CBI should not be involved in the probe\". Denying that it was a personal campaign or attack, she said, \"It is not a personal attack. We just talked about the office and the trust associated with it.\"The PMO remained silent witness to the corruption going on openly, she said and added the Team Anna just highlighted the CAG report. Even a retired coal secretary admitted that the loss due to coal block allotment could be prevented, she added.\"Dhritrashtra overlooked the warning of Vidura when Draupadi was being disrobed, though he (Dhritrashtra) knew that it was wrong. This weakness of Dhritrashtra finally resulted in the war of Mahabharata,\" said Bedi, who was here to join the Anna Sandesh Yatra started from Sitab Diyara, the birthplace of Loknayak Jai Prakash Narayan, on June 5.Earlier, addressing the meeting of India Against Corruption volunteers at Sarva Seva Sangh, Rajghat, Bedi exhorted them to act like Krishna not as Dhritrashtra. Responding to her call \"Krishna chahiye ya Dhritrashtra\", a bold slogan, the audience replied, \"Desh humara-apka hai, nahi kisi Dhritrashtra ka hai\". She suggested them to build a strong and grass root network of people involving villagers, women, students and people of gram panchayats to fight against corruption.She also floated an idea of holding a meeting of gram pradhans after six moths in which the chief minister of UP would be invited. \"You have a time of six moths to mobilise and motivate the gram pradhans to come on a common platform for corruption free society. If it happens Anna Hazare will attend the meeting,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14036820", "title": "Civic body starts restoring its schools\u2019 lost glory", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has started the process to restore the lost glory of its schools. Besides, 13 new schemes have been proposed to improve the quality of education in the schools.Mayor Anil Sole had vowed to improve the NMC schools giving top most priority. Accordingly, the Education department is all set to distribute the uniforms, education material, notebooks and text books to around 47,000 students on June 26, the first day of new academic session.A senior NMC official said that the Sole and chairman of standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari had roped in few private institutions and companies for donating notebooks. \"For the first time the students will get the books on the first day and it is a very big achievement. Sole too assured to complete white-washing and maintenance of all schools before commencement of new academic session. Sole asked the NMC Contractors Association to take up the work as noble gesture. The Association led by president Vijay Naidu started the work from Saturday onwards. Sole inaugurated the work from NMC's Priyadarshini School located near Futala lake. Sole too inspect the school and gave necessary instructions for improving the condition of the school,\" he said.Tiwari has proposed 13 new schemes in the budget to ensure regular attendance of the students and improvement in quality of education. Insurance cover of Rs 50,000 has been proposed to encourage the students for attending the schools regularly and solve financial problems. Besides, a special camp of four days will be organized for the students in which they will interact with the students of private schools. Training camp has been organized for the teachers for updating their knowledge and pattern of education. Teams of few students interested in sports will be formed and given training to play at state and national-level. Science exhibition will be organized and also special camps for preventing the students from addiction of tobacco related products. Six schools one in each legislative constituency will be selected for developing as Ideal Schools. Three special computer training institutes will be opened in the name of Dr APJ Abdul Kalam for muslim girls. If everything goes well according to the plans, the NMC schools may improve to a great extent. But much depends on proper implementation of the schemes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14038748", "title": "900 Lok Rakshak Dal jawans set to join Gujarat police", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Some 900 Lok Rakshak Dal (LRD) jawans are all set to swell the depleted numbers of the Gujarat police force as they pass out of the Gujarat Police Academy (GPA) at Karai and Police Training School (PTS) at Vadodara. While 473 jawans passed out of GPA on Monday, the remaining will participate in a ceremony at PTS on Tuesday.Gujarat chief minster Narendra Modi attended GPA's passing-out parade on Monday. The jawans include 57 postgraduate degree-holders and 160 graduates, while 112 have a police background. As many as 150 candidates were women. Mahsana provided the maximum successful candidates with 110 men and 121 women.Speaking at the function, Modi said the state had one of the most educated police forces in the country. \"The training module is being overhauled for all cadres at the academy to make the force more professional and to cope with ever-changing laws and law-and-order problems,\" he said. \"New courses are introduced at regular intervals.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14037306", "title": "Will contest next Lok Sabha polls, Suresh Kalmadi says", "text": "PUNE: Member of Parliament from Pune and the former chairman of the Indian Olympic Association Suresh Kalmadi , who was forced into oblivion following his arrest in April 2011 in connection with the multi-crore Commonwealth Games scam, has finally decided to enter the political arena again. And, in the process, the suspended Congressman indirectly challenged the party's top brass by saying that he will contest the next Lok Sabha polls from Pune and by claiming that the party would have performed much better in the 2012 civic polls in Pune had he participated in the campaign.\"I will contest the next Lok Sabha elections from Pune and it is up to them (Congress leaders) to decide on withdrawal of my suspension from the party. I am not guilty until proved guilty,\" Kalmadi told reporters on Monday.When asked that has the Congress isolated him by suspending him from the party and has he been made a scapegoat, Kalmadi said, \"I don't have anything to say. I have contested the last elections on the Congress symbol and I assure you that I will contest the next election as I have not done anything that will bring disgrace to Pune city.\"The 67-year-old leader made his first appearance in the Pune Municipal Corporation\u2014the power center of Pune city which he ruled for 15 years before getting dislodged by NCP leader and deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar in 2007 civic polls\u2014after his release from Tihar jail in January 2012.\"I am very much here and you have seen the support for me,\" said Kalmadi pointing out to the crowd of Congress workers gathered to welcome him. He reminded Congress party of his political clout by saying, \"I did not come out for campaigning in the civic polls. If I had, it would have been a different picture.\"Sources said that the MP was waiting for an opportunity to stage a comeback and the inauguration of the PMC's sports committee office, headed by Avinash Bagwe, son of his staunch supporter and Congress MLA Ramesh Bagwe, provided him the right platform.It was only last week that Kalmadi had held a close door meeting to galvanize his supporters and draw the strategy for staging a comeback. Kalmadi supporters, however, claimed that the meeting was convened to discuss the celebrations of events like Pune festival, International marathon, film festival, etc which were started by Kalmadi.Kalamdi claims no money trail found in CWGSuresh Kalmadi, the suspended chairman of the CWG organising Committee, strongly refuted the charge of corruption in issuing contracts for the CWG. \"I don't want to speak much on Commonwealth Games as the matter is sub-judice.However, the court in its bail order has stated that no money trail has been found. I hope that the hearing in the CWG is completed fast,\" he said.\"The entire world has praised the CWG organization and Delhi's overall development was possible because of the games. Delhi got Metro and other infrastructure because of CWG. The CWG in New Delhi was the best ever sports event organized by India,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14038153", "title": "49-year-old dies of H1N1, sixth casualty in Tamil Nadu", "text": "CHENNAI: A 49-year-old man, who tested positive for H1N1 died at the Government General Hospital near Chennai Central on Sunday. This is the sixth H1N1 death in the state.Vivekanandan, a resident of New Washermanpet, was brought to the hospital 10 days ago from another private hospital. Doctors said they were unable to wean him out of the life support system despite intensive treatment.Corporation officials said Vivekanandan, who runs a fast food outlet, was admitted to Apollo Hospitals in Tondiarpet on May 18. \"He had high grade fever and low blood pressure. Doctors treating him suspected it to be viral infection turning worse due to heat stroke. Another team of doctors thought he had suffered a shock due to blood poisoning (sepsis),\" said a senior corporation official. Five days later, when his condition did not improve doctors sent his throat swab for an H1N1 test.The samples sent to King Institute on May 23, tested positive for the virus. The patient was given oseltamivir tablets. On May 31, the patient was shifted to the Government General Hospital. Doctors said Vivekanandan developed pneumonia, which caused organ failure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14035303", "title": "Youth killed granny to steal her silver anklets", "text": "INDORE: Police claimed to have solved the murder of a 70-year-old woman, Leela Bai, in Hatod area on the outskirts of the city with the arrest of her grandson, who allegedly chopped off the limbs of the elderly woman in a bid to steal the silver anklets weighing about 1.5 kg to impress his girlfriend and enjoy a nice time with her. After the gruesome crime, the youth fled the spot with the booty and the septuagenarian woman died of excess bleeding.Hatod town inspector Sunil Yadav confirmed that police have arrested the accused identified as Rajesh, the grandson of the deceased and his paramour Sarita on the charges of murdering the elderly woman for stealing her jewelleries. He said that they have confessed to their involvement in the murder. Police have also seized the weapons used for the crime, Yadav said adding that jewelleries would be also recovered soon.Sarita's husband is in jail and she was allegedly maintained an illicit relationship with Rajesh, he added.Looking for earning some fast bucks to meet their expenses, Rajesh and Sarita had earlier come to his grand mother's house and decamped with a few thousand rupees. When Leela came to know about the theft, she was angry over Rajesh and his mother, who is the daughter of Leela, came to the rescue. The mother of the accused pacified Leela and managed to dissuade her from lodging a complaint against Rajesh, said Yadav.Rajesh is the resident of Bajrang Nagar in the city and Sarita also belongs from nearby area.The accused reportedly confessed to police that he had committed the crime to meet the expenditure of his lover, said Yadav.Police have sent the team to recover the stolen jewelleries and also interrogating the accused to get other details.The elderly woman was killed in her house around a week ago by unidentified person, who reportedly chopped her limbs to get the jewelleries that she was wearing. She was residing alone in her home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14039442", "title": "World Child Labour Day: Coimbatore to take pledge not to employ kids", "text": "COIMBATORE: As June 12 happens to be World Against Child Labour Day, S Uma Devi, co-ordinator of Coimbatore Childline at Ukkadam, will hold a pledge for children at a school in the outskirts of the city.The Childline has rescued children who are displaced, orphaned or run away from home. \"We have rescued hundreds of children from in and around the city. Among them, around 42 children were child labourers,\" said Uma. Tuesday morning, students of JJ Nagar Government High School, near Kovaipudur, will take a pledge. Located in an area where many children are forced to work, students of the school will take a pledge not to drop out of school.A series of programmes have been organised by district officials. Officials said that a pledge will be taken at 11 am by all government officials. They will pledge not to employ child labourers. Pledges will be also be taken by people at business establishments and factories. The copies of pledges to be taken have been distributed, officials said.The district collector will distribute prizes to students who were former child labourers who passed out with commendable scores. At 11.30am a rally of school and college students will be held.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "vishwakarma colony", "code": "14043444", "title": "Bimaljeet Kaur selected for Youth Exchange Programme", "text": "VISHWAKARMA COLONY: It was a proud moment for 3rd Pb Battalion NCC of Ludhiana, when they came to know that their senior wing cadet Bimaljeet Kaur has been shortlisted for Youth Exchange Programme (YEP). For Bimaljeet, it was dream come true as very few cadets from India have been selected by National Cadets Corps (NCC) for this event.Looking forward to the learning and exposure the programme promises, Bimaljeet said, \"The selection would bring great exposure to me as I would get an opportunity to visit a new country, enhance my knowledge and interact with cadets of other countries. Since I joined NCC, it was my long dream to attend YEP.\" The destination of the camp is yet to be confirmed.Resident of Vishwakarma Colony, Bimaljeet, 16, said, \"YEP cadets from all across the world would take part. We would exchange ideas and views with each other in the programme. I have already started preparing as I want to participate in every event and make my country proud.\"A student of RS Model School, Shastri Nagar, Bimaljeet reveals that serving the country by joining the defense forces is her true calling, she believes. \"At a very early age I decided that I wanted to join the defense forces and serve my country. I want to join the Indian Air Force.\"And this teenager has her priorities well sorted. \"Before joining the defense forces I want to pursue a course in chartered accountancy. Also, I make it a point to pay equal attention to all subjects as well as extra curricular activities back at school - I pay equal importance to both. This year I have has a chance to attend many NCC camps, including the honour of being a part of the Republic Day camp held at New Delhi. I participated in the PM rally and reserved contingent for Rajpath parade,\" she adds.Commanding officer of 3rd Pb Battalion NCC, Colonel S Sehgal said, \"Bimaljeet has made us proud. She is one of the most promising cadets of the battalion. I hope that she does well in the camp and earns a good name for us.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14035243", "title": "Night vision cameras to keep track of tigress, cubs", "text": "BHOPAL: Rattled by the poaching of a tiger last week in state capital forest circle, the hard-pressed authorities have some six night vision cameras installed around water bodies to protect a tigress and its two cubs.Besides, the forest department's ground duty staffers were keeping a watch on the overhead electric wires to ensure that poachers don't make use of it especially near the water bodies, officials said. \"We are checking a water body thrice daily in the forested areas. Furthermore we have put up camps at different places and using four-wheelers to keep a watch on the big cat and two cubs,\" he added. The tiger, now dead, and tigress had entered into forested areas of the state capital forest circle from Ratapani wildlife sanctuary in Raisen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14037372", "title": "2 more sites for waste management plants identified", "text": "CHENNAI: The Corporation of Chennai has identified two more sites on the city's outskirts to set up new waste management plants or landfills.A 60-acre plot in Kuthambakkam and a 100-acre site in Minjur have now been identified after the 100-acre plot near Periyapalayam and a 60-acre plot in Sriperumbudur that were shortlisted earlier. The Sriperumbudur plot is an abandoned quarry that can be used as landfill.\"Solid waste management plants leave a residue of around 10% that can go into the landfill,\" said corporation commissioner D Karthikeyan.On the Pallikaranai fire, the commissioner told reporters on Monday that steps were being taken to expedite the scientifically close existing dump yards.\"We have stopped dumping garbage in Ambattur and will soon do so in Pallikaranai. We are studying ways to close the Perungudi and Kodungaiyur dump yards,\" he said. Responding to a tender call by the civic body, 23 companies expressed interest in scientifically closing the dump yards. \"We are studying their technologies and are trying to find the most cost-effective and eco-friendly method of the lot,\" said Karthikeyan.The corporation plans to install closed-circuit television cameras on the periphery of the dump yards to keep out rag pickers and ensure that no illegal burning takes place apart from strengthening security.\"We have hired private guards to monitor the Pallikaranai dump yard on three shifts and not allow any unauthorized personnel in. Officials have been told to take immediate action to control the fire as soon as possible,\" he said.Officials say methane in the garbage could have triggered Friday's fire. \"Waste dumped over a period starts emitting methane. In summer, it reacts to the heat and triggers fires which, fanned by the winds, spread fast,\" said Karthikeyan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14036409", "title": "74 candidates withdraw their names from the civic polls", "text": "KANPUR: Around 74 candidates have withdrawn their names from the contest in the on going civic election proceedings in Kanpur nagar nigam on Monday.Amongst 74 candidates, one Pradeep Srivastava, who had filed his nomination for the post of Mayor withdrew his candidature. While remaining 71 aspirants were willing to grab seat of corporators.Since Monday was the last day of withdrawal, candidates who had changed their mind reached there in peaceful manner and gave their submission of withdrawl. The respective officers, with due inquiry, cancelled their candidature and now there are 26 candidates including two candidates of national parties, congress and BJP, are in the election fray. In all 29 candidates filed there nomination papers for Mayor's post. Two of them were rejected due to technical reasons at the time of scrutiny.For corporator's post, around 1562 aspirants are in the field. 71 candidates have withdrawn their candidature on Monday. In all 1672 candidates had filed their nomination papers for the seat. During scrutiny, nominations of 37 candidates were rejected on technical grounds or for not giving true facts in their affidavits.Maximum five withdrawals were witnessed in ward number 32 while in 28 wards, one candidate from each ward withdrew the candidature. Most of the rebels of two national parties - Congress and Bhartiya Janta Party did not withdraw their candidature. They are contesting now as an independent candidate.The returning officers would allocate symbols to the contesting candidates at nagar nigam building on Tuesday. It would be interesting to witness if the independent candidates get symbol of their choice or not.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "14038331", "title": "Day after municipal elections: Cong demands repoll, SAD-BJP predict beginning of downfall", "text": "AMRITSAR: Monday remained a hectic day for both Congress and SAD-BJP alliance, with the former demanding municipal council election repolling under CRPF security ring and the latter maintaining that the results depicted the beginning of downfall of Congress party in Punjab.BJP leaders held a meeting to stake claim for the mayor's post. According to reports, BJP candidate from ward number 11, Sukhminder Singh Pintu is the frontrunner for the post and the only candidate in Punjab to have won with a margin of 5,336 votes. Others in the race for mayor's officer are Bakshi Ram Arore, former chairman of Amritsar Improvement Trust and Rajesh Huny, president of Bhartiya Janta Yuva Morcha.\"The situation for BJP is not very good, especially after its former mayor Shwet Mullick and wife of Amritsar Improvement Trust Chairman lost the MC elections,\" sources said and added that SAD was also likely to stake claim on the mayor's post.District Congress Committee president Jugal Kishore Sharma demanded repolling of MC elections under the CRPF security cover. He said the ruling SAD-BJP alliance was deliberately withholding the result of ward number 3.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14038268", "title": "Action plan sought to combat child labour", "text": "PANAJI: On the occasion of world day against child labour, the labour commissioner of Goa has been urged to prepare a comprehensive action plan to tackle child labour in the state with the involvement of both locals and tourists.In a petition to labour commissioner Fatima Rodrigues, civic action organization GOACAN has pointed out that child labour is used to create and manufacture products and consumer goods or to provide services and the direct beneficiary of these goods and services created and provided by child labour are the local consumers and tourists in Goa.In this connection it is crucial to get consumers involved in any effective action against child labour as well as have a special plan of action for the tourism season starting from September 27, which is world tourism day, so that child labour is discouraged in the tourism trade activities, felt Roland Martins, co-ordinator of GOACAN.GOACAN has called for creation of state and district level committees for action against child labour and the child labour welfare project society to be activated and the action plan prepared by the child labour cell of the labour department. This action plan for enforcement of the laws against child labour can involve consumers to assist the taluka and district enforcement officials in taking the necessary action, felt Martins.Child labour is practiced in various forms in Goa and most of the children exploited are pre-dominantly from migrant families. Child labour usually does not get detected and no action is taken against the unscrupulous elements who are the cause of this social menace as the local community at large remains uninvolved in finding a solution to this problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14037077", "title": "Bank loans for vocational courses soon", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a landmark of sorts, the Indian Banking Association (IBA) has decided to extend the ambit of its Model Educational Loan Scheme to include vocational education and training.This means that all banks, which are associated with IBA, as well as a other banks that RBI may include, will now also offer education loans for students in the vocational sector.\"Vocational courses offered by ITIs ( Industrial Training Institutes), ITCs ( Industrial Training Centres), polytechnics and other technical bodies were not covered in the Model Educational Loan Scheme. (Some banks do provide loans for three-year diploma courses offered by polytechnics.) However, in view of the initiatives being taken by the government of India in skill development in recent years, a need was felt for providing institutional funding for students undergoing specialized skill development programmes in recognized institutions. The government has estimated that the country would require 10 to 15 million skilled workers every year to support the development process,\" says the IBA circular on the model loan scheme for vocational education and training.S Ramadorai, Skills Advisor to the Prime Minister, believes that this is an extremely significant move.The new scheme will be applicable for those studying at institutions run by the government as well as recognized private institutions. People of any age can opt for this loan.For a course whose duration is up to three months, students can take a loan of Rs 20,000. The figure goes up to Rs 50,000 for a course between three and six months, and Rs 75,000 for a course between six month and a year. A loan of Rs 1.5 lakh can be awarded for students pursuing a course that is over a year long. Banks can consider loans worth higher amounts for course that are over a year long, or for specific courses offered by reputed institutions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14036465", "title": "Maharashtra govt to open regional PWD office in Naxal-affected area", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra government is opening a regional Public Works Department (PWD) office at Sironcha in the Naxal-affected Gadchiroli district to expedite inter-state bridge and road works in the area, PWD minister Chhagan Bhujbal has said.As a part of the initiative to bring development to Naxal-hit areas, the PWD is undertaking construction of three big bridges across Godavari, Indravati and Pranhita rivers at an estimated cost of over Rs 332 crore collectively. Bhujbal feels that construction of roads and bridges in these areas will help in curbing Naxal activities, a spokesperson for the minister said in a statement here on Monday.The work on a bridge across Godavari near Chitampalli village on state highway no. 9 is estimated to cost Rs 186 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14039304", "title": "State government wants to denotify part of Koyna wildlife sanctuary", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government plans to denotify nearly 100 sq km of protected area (PA) that forms part of the Koyna Wildlife Sanctuary in the Western Ghats. The privately-owned land, home to as many as 25 villages, is currently under cultivation and recognized as non-forest land, said officials. The National Wildlife Board will take up the state government's proposal for scrutiny on Wednesday.Maharashtra has been witnessing a spurt in poaching and man-animal conflict as its tiger population has soared in comparison to the PA, which has halved ever since the government de-notified 7,000 sq km of Nanaj Great Indian Bustard Sanctuary last year.To make up for the loss at Koyna, the state forest department is planning to develop another 100 sq km by relocating eight villages from within the core zone of the sanctuary. It will be one of those few occasions in the country's wildlife history, officials said, when relocation will take place from the core zone. Sanctuaries to have successfully done that before are Kanha in Madhya Pradesh and Ranthambore in Rajasthan.Officials said the new core zone to be developed at Koyna is nestled under the Sahyadri Hills, and will form a safe cocoon for the sanctuary's protected species.\"It is not easy to shift villages from the core zone of a sanctuary. There will be opposition from villages on the newly notified land as well as those on de-notified land,\" said a senior state official it will not only face opposition from villages on newly notified land but even those on de-notified land are likely to protest,\" said a senior state official.The Koyna Wildlife Sanctuary in Satara comprises catchments of the Koyna river and the surrounding ghats.Sprawled over an area of about 426 sq km, the Koyna Wildlife Sanctuary was notified as a sanctuary in 1985. However, it has taken the state government nearly 20 years to relocate villages from the core zone. This delay will burn holes in the state's pockets. According to a rough estimate, relocation of one village could cost the state exchequer nearly Rs 10 crore. \"What could have been easily done 20 years ago is only being planned now. But this has been the case with most core zone relocation projects that have been planned in other reserves in the country,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14039441", "title": "Days after jail murder, P Chidambaram meets Prithviraj Chavan", "text": "MUMBAI: Three days after the murder of suspected Indian Mujahideen (IM) operative Mohammad Qateel Siddiqui in the Yerawada jail, union home minister P Chidambaram called upon chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Monday afternoon.Senior home department officials and police attended the meeting that took place at the state official guest house. Sources said that the Yerawada incident and security of prisoners in jails was discussed during the meeting. However, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan told TOI that it was not the mainstay of the meeting. \"The incident had already been reported to the Centre,\" he said.Meanwhile, Samajwadi Party leader Abu Asim Azmi on Monday demanded an independent judicial probe into the Yerawada episode. Addressing a press conference, Azmi alleged that the security of the 'anda' cell, where Siddiqui was kept, could not have been breached without connivance of jail officials. Citing a conspiracy theory, the SP leader said that Siddiqui had sensed the threat to his life five days ago and had told his wife that it could be their last telephone conversation. Azmi claimed that Siddiqui's wife had narrated the conversation to him.Azmi further said that this was not the first incident when an under-trial was ill-treated in a prison and went on to cite another instance when a blast accused had been tortured at Arthur Road jail.Chavan, meanwhile, told TOI that security situation in Naxal-hit areas of Gadhchiroli and in Mumbai was discussed at length during his meeting with Chidambaram.With two districts in the state among the worst-hit by red terror, the union home minister, who has publicly expressed his concern over the growing Naxal clout, has taken to frequent reviews of the state of affairs during his visits to the country's financial capital. Chavan said that it was an in-depth review. He said that the both sides (the Centre and state) provided inputs to improve the situation. Chavan refused to divulge any more details.Sources said that the much-awaited CCTV project, which is believed to be in the final stages of tendering, was also discussed at the meeting. The chief minister said that drought situation was also reviewed. Chidambaram is the chairperson of the high-powered committee formed to tackle the drought crisis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14036357", "title": "Uttar Pradesh Technical University counselling dates undecided", "text": "KANPUR: The Uttar Pradesh Technical University (UPTU) will hold the counselling for selected students tentatively in the first week of July. Though the exact date of counselling is yet to be declared, the authorities of UPTU want to hold it after the All India Engineering Entrance Exam (AIEEE) counselling comes to an end. The schedule of counselling of AIEEE is yet to be declared.Nearly 1.29 lakh students, who cleared the State Entrance Exam (SEE) conducted by UPTU, would take part in the counselling. It will be conducted at 22 centres of 14 cities in the state.Vice-Chancellor, UPTU, Prof Kripa Shanker said, \"the counselling would be held for selected students in the first week of July after counselling for AIEEE comes to an end.\" He said this arrangement would be made to avoid clash between the two counselling schedules. Also, the students who have cleared both the exams, will be able to take part in both the counselling sessions comfortably, he added.The maximum number of students prefer taking part in AIEEE counselling. It is only after this that they opt for UPTU counselling. The UPTU administration was also of the opinion that the students take part in both the counselling as they lock seats in the colleges affiliated to AIEEE, which leads to vacant seats in UPTU affiliated colleges.After the AIEEE counselling concludes, the left-over students, who do not get seats in the colleges registered with AIEEE, take admission in the colleges affliated to UPTU.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14039193", "title": "This presidential election could leave a hole in Centre's coffers", "text": "NEW DELHI: Mulayam Singh Yadav may not have made it a precondition for backing UPA's presidential candidate but he was blunt enough to say that UP needs central assistance to tide over financial crisis, joining the list of states seeking aid from Delhi ahead of the crucial election with direct implication for national exchequer.Yadav told reporters on Monday, \"The situation (in UP) is bad following the misrule of previous (Mayawati) government.... That is why we want maximum financial assistance.\"The comment, in response to a question, came even as he said the SP had not taken a clear decision on whom to support for the Presidential poll.With UP too chiming in for financial aid, observers say the upcoming Presidential election is unprecedented in the way states are seeking to leverage their support from the Centre.Trinamool Congress's forceful push for Bengal package, virtually linking it to support in the Presidential election, may result in central help for Punjab and Kerala as well.The three states are under financial stress and the Centre feels it cannot single out Bengal, lest it be seen as partial and, worse, managing votes for the Presidential election.While UP too could be the beneficiary for backing Congress, observers feel the improving vibes with JD(U) could extend the central munificence to Bihar as well.However, the largesse could put significant pressure on the national exchequer. That finance minister Pranab Mukherjee consistently refused to oblige Bengal, even at the cost of Trinamool's hostility in Parliament and Union Cabinet, shows that Centre may be in a tight spot over finances.What unfolded in here on Monday was an eye-opener. Having refused interest waiver on Bengal loans, Mukherjee met Mamata Banerjee's emissary in a surprise meeting to discuss the TMC demand.Indications are that Delhi may have to squeeze out funds for Bengal, Punjab and Kerala.Asked if such bargaining was good for democracy, Congress spokesman Manish Tewari rubbished the suggestion of \"political deal\". He said, \"If a state is in financial distress and reaches out to the central government... that is not quid pro quo for supporting an election which may be coming up.\"Tewari cited the Finance Commission had said two years ago that Bengal, Kerala and Punjab had weak financial condition and demand for aid from these states should not be given a political colour. \"It is an administrative process that is on,\" he said.While their demands are the same, Samajwadis and Trinamool have pitched their positions differently. The volatile Bengal outfit made it a precondition for support and the SP chieftain merely said CM Akhilesh Yadav has already met Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in this regard, adding that financial aid was seriously required.Congress is assured of SP's backing but Yadav's seeking of financial backing for UP alongside Presidential election seems to indicate that he may not be very different from Mamata Banerjee as an ally.In fact, the Congress bid to go the extra mile to persuade the Bengal ally seems dictated by newfound concern that swapping Trinamool with Samajwadis could be risky. Yadav's growing wish-list has cautioned the Congress against becoming totally dependent on SP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "karnal", "code": "14037866", "title": "3 boys arrested for murder of class XII student in Karnal", "text": "KARNAL: Police on Monday solved the murder case of 17-year-old Vijender of Bastara village in Gharounda block of Karnal district, whose body was found in the fields on Saturday afternoon and arrested three boys.Vijender, a class 12 student at Govt school, Gharounda, had reportedly gone missing on Friday night after he received a call from a friend, Satish (all names changed, being minors).SP Shashank Anand said on Monday that one Rinku was making advances towards Bijender's cousin sister, which did not go down well with Bijender. On the fateful night, Rinku and four other friends decided to teach Bijender a lesson. Rinku then gave Bijender a mobile phone on which he called him up at around 11 pm and asked him to meet him in the fields on some pretext.On his coming to the fields, Rinku, Jitender and three others tied Vijender up and started hitting him with iron rods and bricks. The victim sustained grievous injuries on his head and stomach, which proved fatal for him, the SP said.Police said the accused made an abortive attempt to destroy evidence by burying Vijender's body in a pit in the fields of Raje Khan of the same village. Ravinder, brother of Vijender, had earlier named four of Bijender's friends whom he suspected to be behind the murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14034803", "title": "Vacation extended by 3 days in schools", "text": "RANCHI: Public schools in the capital have extended summer vacation for three days after a direction from the office of deputy commissioner in the wake of continuing heat wave in the state. The vacation is likely to be extended further in case there is no respite from heat.Weather experts sounded pessimistic about chances of pre-monsoon shower or monsoons hitting the state in the next four to five days, given the absence of a proper system to draw moisture-laden winds from the Bay of Bengal. GK Mohanty, director at the Ranchi centre of India meteorological department (IMD) said that both minimum and maximum temperature in most districts of the state are above normal by around 4 to 6 degrees. \"Heat wave conditions would prevail in most of the districts for the next few days as the indicators point that there is no chance of monsoon's arrival in the state before June 15,\" he said adding that light rain in certain areas could not be ruled out completely.The northern limit of monsoon (NML) is progressing slowly and is less likely to sweep across the state between June 10 and June 15. Mohanty said despite very high temperature prevailing over central and central east India for the past three weeks, the low pressure formed is not sufficient to draw the clouds from over the Bay of Bengal. \"Monsoons are a complicated geographical phenomenon that is guided by a large number of factors including high temperature and pressure gradient but this time the system that pushes monsoon over the landmass of Indian subcontinent is apparently weak,\" he said.Department head of agro-physics at the Birsa Agriculture University who has been closely monitoring the weather phenomena of the region to issue agro met advisory to the farmers expressed concern over delay in monsoon. \"This is the first time in the history of Jharkhand that maximum temperature has remained as high as 40 degrees over the Chhotanagpur plateau for more than two weeks at a stretch,\" he said.Admitting that the heat conditions are making life tough for the farmers who have to prepare their fields ahead of the monsoon he said, there is no possible threat to farming and crop produce even if the monsoon gets delayed till June 20. \"In 2010, the situation was similar when drought hit parts of the state but given the prediction of IMD we expect proper rainfall during the monsoons though it could be slightly delayed,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14041859", "title": "\u2018Attempt to hide guns\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A day after the seizure of 15 guns packed in a parcel that bore a marking saying 'auto-machines,' the mystery surrounding the guns remains unresolved. The seizure has also brought the role of staff members of the Lucknow railway station under the scanner. The railway protection force (RPF) officials said the guns were meant for the Abohar armoury in Fazilka district in Punjab and these were being supplied through the courier company, Gati Cargo, which has all the valid documents for it, however the reason behind sending these under the category of 'auto-machines,' is not clear.Meanwhile, regional manager of Gati Cargo in Lucknow, Naresh Sharma, has been summoned by the RPF in Chandigarh for recording his statement, while officials of the Abohar armoury have also been informed about the matter.Preliminary inquires have revealed that the guns were manufactured in an arms factory in Shahjahanpur in UP and were loaded in the Sadbhavna Express from the Lucknow railway station on June 8. RPF sources told TOI, \"There were single and double-barrel guns wrapped in polythene bags in three bundles. The parcel also contained clothes and other material, which indicates that that the supplier wanted to hide these guns.\"RPF inspector Vijender Singh said though a case of misdeclaration under the Railway Act, 1989 was registered, the reason behind it could be ascertained only after the interrogation of the persons involved. The seized property would be produced in the special court of RPF in Ambala shortly.The parcel officer, Radhye Sham, at the Chandigarh railway station said prima facie railway employees at Lucknow did not check the parcel properly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14043762", "title": "Cross-voting bares chinks in BJP, Cong; Independent wins", "text": "BANGALORE: The ruling BJP and principal opposition Congress had to face the ignominy of cross-voting by its MLAs, upsetting their leaders' calculations. In the bargain, Independent candidate Byrathi Suresh secured the highest number of 23 votes and an official candidate of the Congress, Iqbal Ahmed Saradagi, lost by a big margin.While 12 BJP MLAs cross-voted, six from the Congress did so, as did one JD(S) member. The party has 27 seats. Though there was massive cross-voting by BJP, all its six candidates \u2014 BJ Puttaswamy, Vimala Gowda, Raghunath Rao Malkapure, MB Bhanuprakash, Somanna Bevinamarad and DS Veeraiah \u2014 won the polls.Puttaswamy, whose suspension was revoked by the BJP hours before announcement of his candidature, secured the highest number of votes (20) among the BJP, while grassroot workers Bhanuprakash, Malkapure and Vimala painstakingly won with the second preferential votes.Saradagi's defeat has upset the Congress' equations with the minorities. A candidate had to get 19 first preferential votes and Saradagi bagged just 15. The fourth candidate, MR Seetharam \u2014 whose victory was a cause for concern as it was falling short by five votes \u2014 surprisingly got more votes from the Congress. Besides him, C Motamma and J Govindaraj won from the Congress while SM Agha of the JD(S) made it to the council.\"It's a slap for both national parties as massive crossvoting has taken place. We need to thoroughly introspect before we face assembly elections next year,\" chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda and state BJP president KS Eshwarappa admitted.On the other hand, Suresh, by securing 23 votes, received the support of all the parties - Congress, JD(S) and BJP - plus five Independents. JD(S) president HD Kumaraswamy maintained that Suresh's big win was no surprise.However, Eshwarappa maintained that money power played a vital role in his victory. It is said that Suresh jumped into the fray two months ago as an Independent candidate, supported by the Congress and JD(S). Though a candidate requires 19 votes to win, BJP with its numerical strength had allocated 20 votes to each of the five candidates, and 21 for Vimala. She got four less than expected, making her election tough. In the 225-member assembly, 223 members voted, while Independent B Sriramulu was absent and Congress member B Rudresh Gowda's vote was declared invalid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14038772", "title": "Citizens' thumbs down to bus rapid transit system on new routes", "text": "PUNE: Over 65% people are against the bus rapid transit system (BRTS) project in the city, says a survey conducted by a city-based group of researchers.The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) is planning to implement BRTS on four more routes after it was first introduced as a pilot project on the Swargate-Hadapsar and Swargate-Katraj routes a few years back. The Mantraa group spoke to 700 people during a 12-day period about the proposed routes in Kothrud, Vishrantwadi, Kharadi and Kalewadi.\"The aim was to know people's views about the BRTS. Most people were skeptical about the project,\" said Medha Tadpatrikar, one of the researchers, at a press conference on Monday. Tadpatrikar said that people raised questions about the lack of required infrastructure and also doubted the ability of the civic administration in completing the project successfully.\"People said that since city roads are very narrow, implementing the BRTS is not a good option,\" said Shirish Phadtare, another researcher who was a part of the group.Total 65.39% people gave a no to BRTS on new routes while 21.82% supported the idea and remaining 12.79% people remained neutral.Reasons cited for rejecting BRTS1) Narrow roads2) Civic administration's lack of ability3) Traffic congestion4) Lack of study5) Inconvenience to pedestrians", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "14034307", "title": "MLA lodges FIR against SP workers", "text": "BAHRAICH: BSP MLA from Mehsi KK Ojha has lodged an FIR with the Boundi police alleging that about half a dozen Samajwadi Party workers tried to attack him. The MLA had gone to Boundi police station to settle a land dispute between two parties.Ojha said when he was discussing the issue with the two parties, about half a dozen SP workers barged into the police station and started misbehaved with him.The MLA alleged that SP workers also tried to attack him. He then informed superintendent of police GP Kannaujiya about the incident.Station Officer Chandraprakash Sharma has registered a case against SP workers Raju, Santosh, Ramhet, Ram Chhabiley, Mulkraj and Kamal.Kannaujiya said the search was on for the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14043419", "title": "Expect good rain from tomorrow in Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: Will it, will it not? The wait for monsoon continued in the city on Monday, with the occasional drizzle not intensifying and dark clouds diffusing as swiftly as they had gathered. However, the weatherman predicted good rain in a couple of days.B Puttanna, director, in charge, Bangalore Met Department, said: \"From Monday onwards, conditions are favourable for good rain. All these days, strong gusty winds blowing from the surface made the rain clouds disappear. Now that winds have started blowing from Bay of Bengal , we can expect good rain from Wednesday.\"This year, monsoon hasn't been the usual in Karnataka, especially north-interior and south-interior regions. Rainfall has been 40-85% scarce during the first 10 days of the monsoon, which officially began on June 1. The department has predicted good rain in the state from June 14, but admitted that the deficit can't be covered.Agro-meteorologist MB Rajegowda said farmers needn't worry about rain deficit as yet. \"For interior regions, good rain is a must in the second week of July. That is the season for sowing crops. Normally, in June first week, we just expect two showers. It rains in some parts, but actual monsoon begins only in July.\"The department has predicted cloudy sky and light rain in the next 48 hours in Bangalore city and airport region.DROP BY DROP* Coastal Karnataka received 119 mm of rain since June 1, 40% short of the normal 217.9 mm* South-interior Karnataka (Bangalore and 15 districts) got 12.1 mm, 73% short of the normal 44.6 mm* North-interior Karnataka has taken the worst hit, recording 84% deficit.* Since June 1, north-interior areas received only 5.7mm rain as against the normal 34.4 mm.(Source: Met department summary)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14038074", "title": "Trial against Sudhagaran in assault case from July 4", "text": "CHENNAI: Trial against chief minister J Jayalalithaa's disowned foster son V N Sudhagaran, who is charged with attempting to murder his former associate Gopu Sridhar in 2001, will begin on July 4. K Dakshinamoorthy, judge, first additional sessions court passed an order to this effect on Monday.The case relates to a complaint lodged by Sridhar at Mambalam police station in June, 2001 that Sudhagaran had threatened him at gun point, demanding that Sridhar return the money that he owed him. The complaint said that Sudhagaran, along with three others, had assaulted Sridhar with a wooden log. After Sudhagaran was taken into custody, police officials, who went to search his house for the gun, found that he had concealed 16 grams of heroin in a plastic pouch. A search of his office premises on the same day led to the discovery of 72 grams of heroin at the site.Though the case was posted for trial on Monday during the previous hearing on April 18, only one of the six accused persons was present. Additional city public prosecutor Uma Srivarthini confirmed that while Suresh (listed as the sixth accused person) was present, 73-year-old Vivekanandan - who is Sudhagaran's father - was represented by proxy. Others - Sudhagaran, \"RBI\" Bhaskaran, \"Garden\" Bhaskar and Muyeenuddin - were absent. Since witnesses were absent, the judge directed to issue summons to the listed witnesses and posted the case for trial to July 4.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14044078", "title": "Denotification by BSY govt quashed", "text": "BANGALORE: Justice S Abdul Nazir of the high court on Monday quashed the denotification order issued by the government on the directions of then chief minister BS Yeddyurappa .Yeddyurappa had then ordered denotification of 33 guntas of land acquired by the BDA for the JP Nagar VIII Phase in Kothanur area.\"Once land is acquired by the government and transferred to BDA, the land vests with the Authority and becomes its property. When BDA forms a complete layout, the state has no power to denotify such a land,\" the high court judge said.The petitioners, Koteswara Rao and others, who have been allotted sites by the BDA, had moved the court challenging the June 8, 2010 denotification order.The court was told that the then CM ignored the claim of BDA and also the advice of urban development department against denotifying the land. The request for denotification had come from subsequent purchasers of the lands and Yeddyurappa directed the authorities to denotify the lands saying that notification under section 16(2) had not been issued (gazette notification).The 33 guntas of land was part of 6.31 acres acquired for JP Nagar VIII project for which preliminary notification was issued in May, 1988 and final notification in 1994.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14039736", "title": "Fears over air safety if Air India pilots are replaced", "text": "MUMBAI: The news that civil aviation minister Ajit Singh is exploring the option of terminating the jobs of a majority of Air India pilots and hiring fresh recruits has alarmed many in the airline industry who fear that flight safety will suffer. The AI pilots have been striking for the past month.Air India recently put out advertisements calling for pilots trained on Boeing aircraft. So far the airline has terminated over 100 pilots and, according to sources, termination letters are being sent to many more.Capt Manoj Hathi, ex-Air India director of operations and flight safety and an examiner/instructor on Boeing 747-400, categorically said that replacing 400-odd \"company-experienced pilots\" with fresh recruits could have repercussions on flight safety. \"In the 1960s, Japan Airlines replaced its American pilots with Japanese pilots with minimal experience on jets. They had a large number of American pilots and replacing them en masse was a bad decision as the airline had more than half-a-dozen accidents in the next nine years, all attributed to lack of experience, training and pilot error,'' said Hathi.He said there were numerous, serious CRM (Cockpit Crew Resource Management) issues the airline would face in training the new recruits. CRM covers factors like interpersonal communication between pilots, human error and so on -- all vital requirements to ensure flight safety in a multi-crew aircraft.\"All airlines follow different Standard Operating Procedures (SOP) to standardize pilots. As a matter of interest, even Indian airline and Air India follow different SOPs. Having a mixed crew in a cockpit increases the probability of CRM failure,\" he added. Hathi said that Air India's operations and flight safety custodians must give serious thought to unilaterally replacing company-trained and well-experienced pilots. \"There is just no short cut to experience,\" he added.Air India executive pilots also fear that the move could have air safety implications. An executive pilot, who wished to remain unnamed, said: \"Which airline in the world would let go 400 experienced pilots and recruit fresh ones, only to spend considerable time and money on their training, pay them double the salary if they are foreign pilots and in the end operate flights that have a high risk of getting involved in an incident or accident because of CRM failure?\"Said another commander who is also an instructor: \"With fresh recruits, there is always the possibility of their past airline training rearing its head unexpectedly during an emergency, when split-second decisions need to be taken. It can be disastrous when two pilots take action based on two different SOPs,'' he added.A section of Air India pilots who operate flights to the US, Europe, Far East and Middle East have been on strike for over a month now. They have demanded equal opportunity to career progression as their Indian airline counterparts.Executive pilots feel strainAir India's executive pilots who have been working to their full capacity for the past month to fill in for the absent pilots have started feeling the strain. About 15 to 20 executive pilots have called in sick in the last few days, apparently in protest against the airline management's failure to resolve the issue. Two executive pilots resigned in the last two days, sources added. An airline spokesperson did not comment on the developments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14034657", "title": "Prime accused in rape case held", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Government Railway Police on Monday arrested the prime accused in the abduction and rape of a girl. The accused was identified as Santosh Kumar, a resident of Handia.SP Railways Mahesh Kumar Mishra said the three other accused in the case were arrested on Sunday.He added that the accused have confessed their crime.Mishra said four special police teams were constituted to crack the case.The SP has announced a cash reward of Rs 5,000 for the police team.Police said the accused had gangraped a girl after abducting her from railway station on May 17.The parents of the victim had lodged a case under Sections 363, 366 and 376 of the IPC with GRP Allahabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14038214", "title": "Goa State Pollution Control Board officials inspect Arossim contamination site", "text": "MARGAO: Following complaints from villagers of Cansaulim, Arossim and Cueliem (CAC) that contaminated water from storm water drains was flowing into the sea at Arossim beach, officials from the Goa state pollution control board (GSPCB) carried out an inspection on Monday.The villagers had complained to Cortalim MLA Alina Saldanha that the contaminated water which was gushing into the sea was spreading unbearable stench on the Arossim beach and even killing marine life.Following the complaint, Saldanha requested GSPCB chairman Simon De Souza to depute his officials to inspect the site and initiate action. GSPCB officials led by Joshna Mahale collected samples from the drains and promised to initiate action after investigations.During the inspection, CAC sarpanch Josita Cardozo, deputy sarpanch Baylon Gomes , panch member Xaverito Luis D'Costa and Goencho Ramponkaracho Ekvott president Agnelo Rodrigues were present along with other villagers who demanded that the matter be resolved as soon as possible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "14037848", "title": "Opposition builds up against Shri Ram Sena", "text": "PONDA: Although Karnataka-based Shri Ram Sena chief Pramod Mutalik has announced his plans to come to Goa and set up a unit here soon, the Sena's entry has been opposed at several levels in the state.Several youth have created a group to oppose Shri Ram Sena's entry to Goa. \"We don't need Ram Sene in Goa..!!\" was a group created by youth on Monday afternoon.Mutalik had expressed his intention on the sidelines of a four-day all-India Hindu convention underway at Ramnathi in Ponda. \"We are seriously in touch with youth willing to join and initiate the work of the organization in Goa,\" Mutalik had said.Shri Ram Sena - a self proclaimed right wing outfit was banned in Goa by then Congress government on April 1, 2009, after some activists of the Sena had allegedly assaulted some youths in Mangalore-Karnataka.On January 24, 2009, about 15 to 20 activists of the Shri Ram Sena had allegedly assaulted boys and girls in a Mangalore pub for engaging in \"an obscene dance culture, which is anti-Indian\". The alleged assault, particularly on girls, had evoked outrage across the country.Former home minister Ravi Naik , who was instrumental in banning the entry of Sena chief in Goa, told TOI that it's now the duty of the district collector to initiate action against the Sena chief for entering in Goa despite a ban.\"Since the convention is underway at Ramnathi in Ponda, North Goa collector must look into the matter\", Naik said.Mihir Vardhan, the North Goa district collector said the ban exists for a particular time period such as 60 days, 90 days, etc. \"I have to find the duration of the ban to initiate action,\" Vardhan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14052573", "title": "Farmville-maker Zynga bets big on mobile gaming", "text": "BANGALORE: Zynga, the creator of the wildly popular social games Farmville and Cityville, is now working to give gaming enthusiasts access to their games anytime, anywhere and on any device. It has a growing portfolio of mobile social games for both iOS and Android platforms, including the recently launched Draw Something, Scramble with Friends, Dream Pethouse and Dream Heights.Zynga's vice-president of product development Sean Uberoi Kelly, who was recently in Bangalore, where Zynga has its second biggest studio in the world, talked to TOI about the latest in the gaming industry and the challenges it faces. Excerpts:On Zynga's new strategyOne of our philosophies is to go where the audience wants us to go. People are increasingly playing games on mobile devices, and now we are striving to have a big presence there. We launched a number of mobile titles in the last few quarters. We acquired Draw Something, we launched last year Scramble with Friends. Zombie Smash has come out on Android . We think Android is a great platform and we have a number of games on Google Play. As people get connected through smarter and smarter phones such as the iOS and Android ecosystems, they are also looking for new ways to be social through games. The mobile presenceZynga has been on mobile devices since 2010. Our first mobile game was Farmville on the iOS platform, and since then we have produced many games. We have more than 21 million daily active users on mobile devices.Factors spurring mobile gamesStrategically, we have seen three factors that have contributed to the success of mobile games. One, the app economy. Different platforms allow different experiences to be launched from them. It's not just about the browsers. There are now other capabilities like touch.Secondly, we have a new business model that is the userpay economy. Here the users don't have to buy a game upfront. Our games are free, but if a user wants to play at a higher level, or derive more fun out of it, or if he wants to buy some goodies, then he can pay for them.The third is the new set of devices that enable people to connect socially. They allow you to connect with your friends. Like Words with Friends. I may not call up my friend every day to talk to him, but I can play games with him, that is a more fun way to keeping in touch. This is a trend we think will grow in the years to come.Web vs mobileWe look at mobiles as a unique space. We don't believe that just because a game is right for the Web, we should automatically put it on the mobile , because there is a lot of difference in the way we interact with our friends on the mobile.On mobiles you can play anywhere. Secondly, on the mobile you tend to play more and in a different way. A game on a PC may be one that you play during your coffee break. But on a mobile you could be playing while walking down the hall or just for a minute on your way back home, or just before you sleep. Also, you can get in and out quickly.Limitations of mobile appsA mobile screen that is only as big as a business card is a huge challenge for a developer and designer. The interface has to be different. But mobile devices have grown impressively . They now have hardware accelerators, and you get experiences comparable to what you would get on a laptop screen. So technology hasn't been a real obstacle.The India storyIndia is important to us in two ways. As a technology company we have a lot of developers. We now have a private cloud in addition to the public cloud, and India has been a major contributor to the development of the private cloud. We do a lot of analytics here. We track data and get valuable info on how games are being played. And we also do a lot of software work here that helps us run our business well. Six of Zynga's global games are operated from the Bangalore studio. These are Empires and Allies, Mafia Wars, YoVille, Treasure Isle, Fish-Ville and Vampire Wars. Bangalore has developed two of our latest mobile games -- CityVille HomeTown and Dream Zoo. The Bangalore studio is cross functional; meaning, we have the technology team here, there is the gaming team here and also a business team here. That is not the case usually in an external environment. But the technology infrastructure in Bangalore is so good that we are able to grow faster here.Third-party initiativesIt's not necessary that we should make all the games. We have announced some third-party initiatives. We recently launched our own platform zynga.com that will enable players to discover and play social games created by third party game developers. There are six publishers who have lined up with games for that platform. We will only be happy to connect with others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14036463", "title": "Jail van trip: Jagan cries foul", "text": "HYDERABAD: Jaganmohan Reddy kicked up a furore in the CBI court on Monday by charging the state government with 'unlawful and vengeful conduct' by subjecting him to a humiliating treatment while being transported to the court from the jail.At 10.15 am, when Jagan emerged out of the main door of Chanchalguda Jail, a mini-van awaited him. Shocked Jagan loudly protested to accompanying police personnel at the vehicle provided for him and mounted it with anger showing visibly across his face.However, he was the sole prisoner to be transported to the CBI court in Nampally in the company of several security personnel.Appearing before principal special judge A Pullaiah, Jagan said the jail authorities had deliberately humiliated him by bringing him to court in a van meant for transporting regular criminals. This was in utter disregard to his status as a special class prisoner and also as an MP. Jagan also charged that the jail authorities were deliberately not allowing him to meet his family members including his wife and threatened to go on a fast unto death if the jail officials persisted with the same attitude.The judge then directed the CBI to find out from the jail authorities what the situation was and asked Jagan to submit a written complaint. After Jagan was remanded in judicial custody till June 25, the authorities transported him back in a bullet-proof vehicle to Chanchalguda Jail.In his complaint, Jagan charged the state government with unlawful and vengeful conduct. \"Today, when I was required to be produced before the honourable court only with an intention to carry out a political vendetta and to humiliate me, I was deliberately brought in a van used for transporting regular criminals without regard to my status as a special class prisoner and disregarding my status as an MP enjoying Z category security. My security was seriously compromised and contrary to how the other remanded accused have been produced before this honourable court earlier, I was made to come in the van as was not in the case of A2 and others,\" he said.\"It is only out of respect for this honourable court and it is only with an intention to appear before on the date given, I did not protest or refuse to come in the van though I was aware of the mischief and vendetta being exhibited by the government and authorities,\" Jagan said in his complaint.Meanwhile, Hyderabad city police officials said they were directed by the jail officials to provide 'maximum' security to Jagan and that they had done the same by giving him eight escort vehicles with armed police personnel. However, nobody was willing to take the blame for sending a mini-van when a Z security prisoner has to be provided a bullet-proof vehicle. While DGP V Dinesh Reddy said it was the duty of the jail authorities to ensure the security and appropriate security arrangements for transporting a Z class prisoner, both DG, prisons, Tarini Prasad Das and Chanchalguda Jail in-charge superintendent K V Reddy said they had requested for adequate security to be provided for Jagan.\"We asked the City Armed Reserve Police, who have to provide the security and escort, for adequate and suitable security for Jagan,\" Das told TOI. Reddy said he had written a letter seeking maximum security for Jagan. On his part, City Armed Reserve Police Joint CP N Suryanarayana said: \"We have provided adequate security for Jagan, which is eight escort vehicles and armed police personnel.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14035306", "title": "Presidential polls: UPA\u2019s likely candidates face Mamata, Mulayam hurdle", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress leadership's conundrum over presidential poll was compounded on Monday, with two of its probable candidates \u2014 finance minister Pranab Mukherjee and Vice-President Hamid Ansari \u2014 unable to get past the resistance of crucial partners and supporters.If finance minister Pranab Mukherjee, widely seen as leading the race for Congress nomination, and Trinamool boss Mamata Banerjee remained deadlocked over the latter's pressure for a special central financial assistance for West Bengal , SP boss Mulayam Singh Yadav repeated his reservations about Ansari, the other name on Sonia Gandhi's list for the Rashtrapati Bhawan.There are indications that the announcement of the presidential candidate may be pushed till the PM returns from the Rio conference on June 23.A marathon meeting between Mukherjee and his officials and Banerjee's emissary, West Bengal's finance minister Amit Mitra, failed to resolve the stalemate over the financial package for the state, in what was seen as a setback of sorts for the frontrunner.Sources said that Mukherjee turned down Banerjee's demand for a moratorium on payment of interest on central loans citing fiscal constraint as well as the inability to play favourites among states. The moratorium would mean the Centre forgoing Rs 21,000 crore at a time when its own finances are strained. His offer to help the state government borrow from the market was brushed aside by the Bengal CM with her trademark derision. \"...Everytime we raise this issue, we return empty-handed. If am satisfied, I speak to you, otherwise not\".The outburst followed growing indications that Banerjee has made her support for Mukherjee contingent upon his willingness to help her manage Bengal's precarious finances.Congress's task was not helped by SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav when he addressed a rare press conference here just about an hour later. The SP boss, who with his emphatic win in Uttar Pradesh has emerged as a key swing factor in the contest for the Rashtrapati Bhawan, reiterated his stand not to support a bureaucrat or anyone who did not belong to a political party; in short, a not-so-coded \"no\" to Ansari, a career diplomat who has never been a paid-up member of a political outfit.The declarations by Banerjee and Yadav leave Congress stranded, hindering it from clinching the issue of whom to field in the July election. Although Congress has numbers stacked in its favour, it has to contend with the possibility of its lurking opponents BJP as well as non-NDA formations like CMs of Tamil Nadu and Odisha, Jayalalithaa and Naveen Patnaik , capitalizing on a wrong selection to lure away its numbers.With the dilemma stretching for weeks, a couple of its leaders were impelled to explore bold options, including fielding Nobel laureate Amartya Sen. The idea never got traction because of Congress's fear that the economist may not agree. The reckoning that the free-spirited academic may not be mindful of regime's political sensibilities was another reason why the idea never made it to the drawing board.However, the fact that the thought crossed some minds is seen as symbolizing the exasperation in ruling party as the riddle over the race for Rashtrapati Bhawan lingers.Although a section in the Congress wants to call Banerjee's bluff and take its own call, Gandhi is reluctant to take the bait for the fear of becoming dependent on Yadav as well as UPA partners. Despite their delicate ties, Congress remains wary of the SP chief whom it sees as shrewd and fickle. Yadav's assertion that his support to UPA was limited to keeping the BJP out and should not be construed as an all-weather pledge could have hardly reassured Congress.He also demanded special assistance for UP and disclosed that Akhilesh Singh-led UP government has already made 11 petitions to the Centre, thus reinforcing the assessment that direct dependence on him will only encourage the SP boss to crank up the pressure to extract more gains.An open partnership with Yadav, who may see the post of Vice President going to the Samajwadis, is sure to infuriate BSP, a risk that Congress does not wish to take.The stands of SP and Trinamool have introduced a roller-coaster dimension to who gets Congress's nod. Initially, Ansari appeared to be in a stronger position because of strong indication that Bihar CM Nitish Kumar may join the Left in backing him, and because of the assessment that Yadav would not oppose the prospect of a UP Muslim ascending to the top constitutional position.Ansari stumbled big when Banerjee put a spanner in his works, and Yadav unveiled \"no bureaucrat please\" stand. Suddenly, the momentum appeared to have shifted to Mukherjee until Banerjee, defying the estimate that she would be loath to be seen as coming in the way of the presidential aspirations of a fellow Bengali, raised her ante against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "14044861", "title": "Low-lactose milk from world\u2019s first GM dairy calf", "text": "BEIJING: Chinese scientists claimed to have bred the world's first genetically-modified calf that would produce low-lactose milk in two years, state media said on Monday.The calf, named 'Lakes', was born on April 24 at a lab of Inner Mongolia Agricultural University. \"It is healthy and strong,\" lab professor Zhang Li said. In May 2011, Zhang and his research team extracted fetus fibroblasts from a Holstein cow that was 45 days pregnant and genetically engineered the fetus by transplanting an lactose dissolution enzyme into the cell, Xinhau news agency said.The engineered fetus was then transplanted into the womb of a cow in July, and Lakes was born about nine months later, Zhang said.\"The enzyme can dissolve lactose \u2014 the main sugar found in dairy products \u2014 into galactose or glucose to ease digestive disorders among the lactose-intolerant people,\" he said. Lakes may, therefore, produce safer milk for lactose-intolerant people, who account for nearly 60% of Chinese.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14043435", "title": "CID to go ahead with medical test against Nityananda", "text": "BANGALORE: The government appears to have its task cut out. A 45-minute top-level meeting between the chief minister, home and law ministers and DG&IGP;, among others, discussed grappled the Nityananda issue but was inconclusive on details of the strategy that should be adopted.While the government is thinking of challenging the high court bail granted to Nityananda in June 2010, CID sleuths are planning to go ahead with a medical/physical test that has been pending against the godman.Home ministry sources told TOI that though CID completed investigation and filed chargesheets in cases of sexual abuse, rape, showing disrespect to religious sentiments against the godman in 2010, and another chargesheet in April this year, the only procedure pending is a medical test on him.\"He always declined a medical test ever since an alleged sex tape of him and an actress was aired on TV channels in early March 2010. Nityananda went into hiding after the controversy broke out and was finally caught near Solan in Himachal Pradesh on April 21, 2010. He was questioned, remanded to judicial custody and later released from jail, The godman was lodged in jail for 53 days till he was granted bail on June 12, 2010. Though the chargesheets were filed, he is yet to undergo a medical examination,\" said a home ministry source.Ministry officials confirmed that CID will seek permission from Ramanagaram court for his medical examination. \"But like in 2010, he has again gone into hiding. Till his return or arrest, we cannot to anything. We plan to move high court to cancel his bail,\" an official said.The official also pointed out that during arguments on his bail petition, CID said it was only looking into the case registered against him under Section 295(A) of IPC (showing disrespect to religious sentiment). It also submitted that the self-proclaimed godman was not required for interrogation any more.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14036554", "title": "Robbers\u2019 gang busted", "text": "NAGPUR: Local crime branch (LCB) police Nagpur nabbed a gang of seven youths for allegedly looting two rural petrol pumps and robbing two families at knife point. The youths admitted that on June 5, they robbed oil, diesel and cash worth Rs 10,000 from a petrol pump on Patansavangi road under the jurisdiction of Khapa police station. After two days, they targeted another petrol pump on Nagpur-Saoner road under the jurisdiction of Saoner police station and decamped with Rs 20,000.On June 7, the youths broke into the farm house owned by Vipin Ghate on Kalmeshwar road and robbed Rs 20,000 by threatening the servant Nathu Kumbhare (65). The youths also confessed that last month they burgled a house under the jurisdiction of Parseoni police.Police said that though the offences were registered at respective police station, LCB police were also investigating the cases. A few days ago, cops were tipped off about three youths, Ashok Paswan (20), Laxmikant Pal (23) and another named Rakesh were seen roaming late night on a black coloured bike with no number plate. Police immediately arrested them from their residence. On further interrogation, cops arrested other four gang members, Ravi Bharadwaj (19), Dayashankar Suryavanshi, Rakesh Kumar and Sahbhan Sulmani.B.sc II year students committed suicideNagpur: \"I was wrong, Please forgive me,\" wrote the B.Sc second year student, Rohini Patil who committed suicide by consuming poison on Sunday night at her residence in Kamgar colony in Subhash Nagar.Police said till midnight, Rohini had a good time with her parents. \"She had dinner together and also watched a movie with them before going to bed,\" said police.The suicide came to light around 3 am, when her father Manohar, a teacher, heard Rohini vomiting from her room. He went to check and found Rohini was vomiting blood. She was rushed to nearby private hospital but was declared brought dead.Police said that in the note, she hasn't mentioned any reason behind her suicide except few lines for her parents. She also mentioned that she is no more interested in living life and hence taking the drastic step.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14052275", "title": "Sonu bonds with Sarath over south songs!", "text": "Sonu Sood might not have exactly shared screenspace with Sarath Kumar on the big screen in Kollywood, but the two bonded big time over south Indian songs at the recently-concluded film awards in Singapore .Sonu tells us, \"I've earlier met Sarath Kumar sir at the celebrity cricket matches, and we've exchanged pleasantries. So, when I bumped into him at the awards, I was excited. I spoke for some time with him, and we also met backstage when Aa Ante Amalapuram ..., and its Hindi version from one of my forthcoming Bollywood films, were being performed. He was representing the south Indian industry, and even my career took off from Kollywood. So, the two of us were cheering for all the south Indian numbers. It was great fun.\"Meanwhile, Sonu is excited about having a couple of his Tamil films hit screens soon. While he has already started shooting for Varuvan Thalaivan, the Majnu villain has a film with Rajinikanth in the pipeline.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14039409", "title": "Rajasthan education department tells schools to admit orphaned children under RTE", "text": "JAIPUR: The education department on Monday issued notices to schools asking them to admit orphaned children through lottery system for filling 25% seats as per RTE provisions. So for, orphans were deprived of the benefits under Right To Education Act as they were told to bring parents' income certificate and caste certificate as per RTE rules.TOI had first reported the plight of such children.Going a step further, the education department directed the schools that if orphaned children do not get admission through lottery, then they shall be given admission in schools by creating extra seats. They will be given admission on the basis of the affidavits submitted by wardens or superintendents of orphanages or care homes.Jaipur district education officer SC Meena said: \"I issued a letter to all the schools today mentioning that the orphans should not be left out when it comes to Right to Education Act.\"The stringent provisions of Right to Education Act, 2010, make it mandatory for all to produce income certificate, caste certificate, BPL card and birth certificate, making it difficult for orphans to get admission. Schools were not admitting them as they want these documents which the orphaned children can never produce.Following this, principal secretary, social justice and empowerment, Aditi Mehta, had also written to the education department to issue clarification on income certificate for orphans, so that such children will be benefited under RTE without any hurdles.Now, principal secretary, education issued the letter clarifying it. An official of education department said: \"Directions have been issued by the education department that affidavits submitted by wardens and superintendents of such organizations and orphanages regarding age, income and other kind of certificates would stand valid.\"Aashraya Care Home superintendent Sushila Morthiya, said, \"I am happy as the education department has issued the orders. Earlier, the schools were showing reluctance to admit the orphans as they needed various kinds of certificates. But, now as the education department issued the directions, I think the orphan children at my Aashraya Care Home will be able to go to school from next session beginning from July 1.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14037580", "title": "Murder in jail: Gangster Mohol, Bhalerao arrested", "text": "PUNE: Three days after Indian Mujahideen (IM) operative Mohammad Qateel Siddiqui was strangled in a high security cell of Yerawada Central Jail, the Yerawada police arrested gangster Sharad Mohol and his aide Alok Bhalerao on Monday evening.Mohol and Bhalerao were arrested under section 302 (murder) read with 34 (common intention) of the Indian Penal Code. They will be produced before a magisterial court for seeking police custody on Tuesday afternoon.Senior police inspector Kishore Jadhav of Yerawada police station said their custody was obtained from the jail at 4.30 pm on Monday after seeking permission from the special court as they were being prosecuted under the Maharashtra Control of Organised Crime Act, 1999.Jadhav told TOI that the custodial interrogation of the accused is essential to know if there was a larger conspiracy and to ascertain their individual role in Siddiqui's murder.\"We are exploring all possible angles. We will also examine all theories of Siddiqui's murder that appeared in various newspapers,\" Jadhav said. The drawstring of the pair of shorts used in the murder will be seized after seeking police custody of the accused, he added.Additional commissioner of police (crime) Anant Shinde said the crime branch is assisting the Yerawada police conduct investigations to know if there is a larger conspiracy. \"We will come to the conclusion in the next few days,\" he added.Deputy commissioner of police (crime) Rajesh Bansode said that Mohol and Bhalerao, both criminals on police record, were prosecuted under MCOCA in February 2012.Two jail guards suspendedThe state prisons' department, Pune, on Monday suspended two jail guards of the high security anda cell of Yerawada Central Jail on charges of alleged negligence. Deputy inspector general of prisons (western region) Rajendra Dhamane on Monday told TOI that an inquiry has revealed that a hawaldar and a guard were found to be negligent when Indian Mujahidden operative Mohammad Qateel Siddiqui was strangled by gangster Sharad Mohol and his aide Alok Bhalerao on June 8. \"We have beefed up bandobast in the anda cell to avert similar incidents. I cannot say any more because the Yerawada police is looking into the investigations,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14037965", "title": "Prudent decision on medium of instruction", "text": "After months of deliberation, speculation and strife, the medium of instruction (MoI) ghost, it appears, has been exorcised at least temporarily, bringing much relief to the students and parents of the 127 English medium primary schools in the state that had changed to English last year. Call it what you feel-volte face, meek submission, betrayal, balancing act, or endorsement of Congress policy-but Manohar Parrikar has proved that discretion being the better part of valour, it is more prudent to continue with grants to the English medium primary schools, especially in turbulent times that we now live in. This is the essence of good governance, despite his personal preferences and the party's commitment to making the mother tongue viz Konkani/Marathi the MoI at the primary level. It is hoped that the BJP government in Goa will continue to respect the wishes of the people in future, and fulfill its promises of turning Goa into a model state with a stable, transparent and corruption-free govt.AF NazarethII The Congress government headed by Digambar Kamat miserably failed to solve the question of grants to primary schools that preferred English as the MoI. Due to this, as well as the several scams, Congress was defeated and will not see victory until and unless old heads roll and take political sanyas. The vexing MoI problem has been laid to rest by the Manohar Parrikar government, giving justice to parents and students whose wards preferred to join primary schools imparting education in the medium of their choice. Parrikar has added one more feather to his cap by implementing the promises made to the electorate. The government has to now do justice to unemployed youth by providing government jobs to all communities based on merit, as the previous government did a great injustice to the minority sector. As opposition leader Parrikar had pointed out with facts and figures, the injustice done to the minority communities by the Kamat government in matters of providing government jobs to minorities and castigated the MLAs of the minority community of not doing anything for their community. He should change this.JM de AlmeidaIII Though a strong Konkani protagonist and father of a daughter who studied in Konkani in primary, I still welcome the decision of government on MoI. This decision cannot be viewed in myopic way but in the larger interest of Goans. In reality English votaries were rather more amongst Hindus, and this phenomenon is not only Goa centric but even in Maharashtra. With social networking sites being the attractions for the new generation no one can deny that English has the thumbs up of parents and students. It was up to educationists and intellectuals, and other stakeholders to convince and campaign for primary education in the local language and more so in Konkani. By denying Konkani its rightful place we did harakiri a long time aao and now even the Archdiocese, which in the past did yeoman service to Konkani education, has parted ways with the language. Konkani is the immediate loser.Rajendra Shantaram Amonkar", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14041024", "title": "Rain cools down Bhubaneswar", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Pre-monsoon showers in the city on Sunday night brought the much needed relief from the scorching heat though interior pockets of the state continued to reel under the heat wave. Weathermen said the capital received 3.1 mm of rainfall with the mercury dropping by over 4 degree from to 44.1 degree Celsius on Sunday to 40 degree Celsius on Monday.The weathermen forecast that interiors parts will continue to reel under the heat wave as arrival of south west monsoon may be delayed by at least three or four days from its scheduled date of June 14. However, they said the pre-monsoon showers and thunderstorm would continue till the arrival of the monsoon. \"The movement of south-west monsoon towards Odisha has become slow and is likely to be activated within two days and progress further,\" said Sarat Chandra Sahu, director of the local meteorological centre here.On Monday, Talcher recorded day's highest temperature of 43.5 degree Celsius in the state followed by Hirakud at 43.1 degree Celsius. Besides, there are at least seven places in the state where mercury hovered over 40 degree Celsius. Those places include Sambalpur (42.7 degree Celsius), Angul (42.1), Jharsuguda and Keonjhargarh (41.9), Sundargarh (41.5) and Baripada and Balasore (41.4).The sunstroke death toll confirmed by the state government in the state has also increased to 35 while unofficially the number of such allegations of death increased to 159.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "madikeri", "code": "14042181", "title": "55 died of AIDS in Kodagu this year", "text": "MADIKERI: The dreaded disease AIDS claimed as many as 55 lives in Kodagu during 2011-12. It was 48 last year.District AIDS controller Dr. Siddaiah told TOI that though the number of deaths is comparatively more, total number of new cases have decreased.About 23,811 persons tested for HIV during 2011-12 and about 219 cases were positive. This includes 135 men, 109 women and 20 pregnant women. As many as 8 children are also affected by this. Last year, 264 persons tested positive to AIDS.According to Siddaiah, training is given to officials, self help groups, NGOs and gram panchayats to check the spread of HIV in their respective areas. This apart, awareness is brought in rural areas through various programmes, including street plays, ballads and folk dances.The district, which stands last in the list of HIV-prone districts in the state, has about 21 HIV integrated testing and counselling centres (ICTC). About 19 centres are in government hospitals and primary health centres and two are part of private hospitals.NGOs like Ashodaya, Ashakirana, ODP Snehashraya and Sarvodaya are assisting the government to spread HIV awareness among people in the district. Snehashraya committee is supplying protein food and moral support to about 22 HIV positive children in the district.According to officials, though there are multiple schemes to assist the affected, patient sare not coming forward to take the benefits. The women and child welfare department distributes Rs 650 to each HIV positive child per month and Rs 750 to a parentless child. However, the district does not have a place where these children can be looked after.About 23,811 persons were tested for HIV during 2011-12 and about 219 cases were proved positive. This includes 135 men, 109 women and 20 pregnant women. As many as 8 children are also affected by this. Last year, 264 persons were tested positive to AIDS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14039116", "title": "PIL to be filed on selection of state chief information commissioner", "text": "MUMBAI: RTI activists have decided to file a PIL against the state government on the process of selecting the state chief information commissioner. The move follows the appointment of Ratnakar Gaikwad as the state chief information commissioner (SCIC) and activists feel that the state government needs to rethink its decision of having him at the helm of affairs.Gaikwad, who met RTI activists on Monday at his office, tried to calm frayed nerves; he told them that he never imagined that he would be appointed as the SCIC and that post-retirement, he had plans to join a private firm. When the activists raised the sticky issue of his role in issuing the occupation certificate for Adarsh, Gaikwad said that the final inquiry would make things clear and that he didn't want to elaborate on the issue. But he said that the navy had not stopped the MMRDA from issuing the OC.However, most activists like Anil Galgali, Krishnaraj Rao, G R Vora felt that Gaikwad, who had given them an audience, was rather evasive in his responses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "14042070", "title": "Vehicle document racket busted; two arrested", "text": "HUBLI: Keshwapur police on Monday busted a vehicle document racket and arrested two persons who were selling vehicles by creating fake papers. Seven vehicles including cars and SUVs worth Rs 45 lakh were recovered from them.Hubli-Dharwad police commissioner K Ramchandra Rao said Abbas Ali, resident of Sandur and Abubakkar Sadiq, resident of Sajeepa Mannur of Bantwal taluk are the arrested. A case of cheating and forgery has been booked against them.Police said they got wind of the racket when a Bagalkot-based contractor Mahantesh Shettar came to a Hubli showroom for servicing his car. There he came to know that his car was in the name of a person based in Kerala. A shocked Mahantesh filed a complaint at Keshwapur police station stating that he had bought the car from Abbas Ali has for Rs 3,15,000 in April.Acting on a tip-off, Keshwapur police traced Abbas Ali and Abubakkar Sadiq in Bellary and arrested them. The duo used to buy cars at a lower price and then sell them to others by making fake RC book and other documents and changing number plates of vehicles. Police have recovered rubber seals of Mysore and Bangalore RTO and a computer used to prepare fake RC book, insurance and clearance certificates.The accused admitted that they took loans from different banks to buy vehicles.The vehicles seized from them were from Madhya Pradesh , Maharashtra, Kerala and Karnataka, the commissioner informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14036454", "title": "United we can surmount all hurdles: RSS chief", "text": "NAGPUR: Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) chief Mohan Bhagwat said it was a lack of political will and failure of the countrymen to unite on national issues that had led to most of the problems that the country is facing today. Citing the Pak-occupied-Kashmir as one such problem, he said it was regrettable that even 66 years after parts of Kashmir were illegally occupied by Pakistan , India could do little to regain control over it.\"In 1994 Parliament passed a unanimous resolution that whole of Kashmir, including PoK, were indivisible parts of India and that we have to get back the areas illegally under Pakistan's occupation. But after that subsequent government have done nothing in last 16 years to gain control of PoK. The country today faces several serious problems. None of them is insurmountable. Only we need to evolve a society that values nationalism and patriotism above individuals and unity to resolve these problems created by political parties that work under vote bank pressures instead of national interests,' said Bhagwat.The RSS chief was addressing a gathering of over 1,000 swayamsevaks (volunteers) who had completed their third-year course of the RSS at the monthlong summer camp held here annually to graduate as 'pracharaks' (full-time activists). Bhagwat said the RSS is engaged in uniting people on certain values of nationalism and ideals that would serve the society. He cited Punjab's separatist movement, which he said, could be defused only because a large section of the society and also the government and those in authority could join hands to achieve the goal.However, he said that such unity of thought was missing when it came to address the Kashmir problem. He lambasted the interlocutors' report which was put in public domain recently. The report totally ignored the voice of Hindu pundits who were thrown out of the homeland, he said. He also questioned 'the dual character' of Kashmir that seems to have enamoured the interlocutors and said which province of India does not have such diverse nature. \"In fact it is this diversity that is the hallmark of India's unity. So where is the question of giving separate treatment to Kashmir?\" he asked.Pointing out the politics of appeasement, Bhagwat said that recently Mamata Bannerjee in West Bengal had granted a pay hike to mullahs and muezzins of mosques. \"From where did that money come? It's public money and majority in this country are Hindus,\" said the RSS chief. \"There is need to get beyond such appeasement of one section or another and think in terms of policies that would bring real development touching all. Such an exercise was undertaken by outgoing French President Sarkozy who formed a special committee of economists to suggest policies that would bring lasting development in terms of happiness to all and peace in the society, said Bhagwat.Director of Punjab Kesri chain of newspapers Ashwini Kumar, who was the chief guest at the valedictory function, said if one stood firm on values, success was certain. He said he lost his father Lala Jagat Narain as well as father Ramesh Chandra to separatists' bullets in Punjab. But his newspaper refused to be dictated by the militants.Kumar said he considered himself lucky for having spent the day, which was also his birthday, at the RSS headquarters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14038886", "title": "Two youths murdered in Pune", "text": "PUNE: Past rivalry claimed the lives of two youths, a criminal on police records and his accomplice, at Tukainagar in Vadgaon Budruk on Monday, police said.Both were attacked with sharp weapons by unidentified persons. The Haveli police said the deceased were Amit alias Pappu Prakash Pawar (28) and Shekhar Avinash Gaikwad (21). Pawar's father Prakash has lodged a complaint.Senior police inspector of Haveli police station Shivaji Deokar said, \"The complainant has given the names of seven suspects to police. We are investigating.\"Pawar and Gaikwad received severe blows on their heads, neck, shoulders and hands. \"Around 7 am on Monday, some persons called the police station about two bodies lying near the road in Tukainagar,\" Deokar said.Initially, the police thought that it was an accident case as they found an abandoned vehicle near the bodies. \"When the police checked, they found that both had been murdered with sharp weapons,\" Deokar said.Police could not ascertain their identity immediately. Later, someone told them that one of them was Pawar. Relatives who were contacted rushed to the spot and confirmed his identity and that of Gaikwad's.Police investigations revealed that around 3.30 am on Monday, Pawar reached his in-laws residence in Vadgaon Budruk to pick up his wife, Sujata. Gaikwad was with him. Sujata told the police that she refused to go with Pawar as he was in an inebriated condition. \"The duo then left Sujata's parents' home. Their bodies were found in the morning,\" Deokar said.Police suspect that Pawar and Gaikwad were first attacked near a temple at Tukainagar. They managed to run away. But the suspects chased and assaulted them with sharp weapons, a few meters from the temple. \"We are yet to get eye witnesses,\" Deokar said.In his complaint, Pawar's father Prakash Pawar, a retired employee of the Pune Municipal Corporation, said three years ago, Pawar had got into a brawl with some persons in Narayan Peth.Pawar's mother intervened but the suspects had attacked her. Since then, the suspects would threaten Pawar and his family.To avoid clashes, the Pawars shifted to Vadgaon Budruk. \"But last December, the suspects had attacked Pawar near Neelayam theatre and he had lodged a complaint with the Dattawadi police station,\" police said.Pawar has two cases registered against him with the Vishrambaug police station in the Pune city. He was jobless. Gaikwad was a standard XI dropout. His father is working as salesman in a shop at Karvenagar, police said.\"We have registered a case under section 302 (murder) of the Indian Penal Code. We will soon arrest the suspects involved in the double murder,\" Deokar added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14036441", "title": "Custody of Saki Naka murder accused extended", "text": "MUMBAI: The court extended the custody of five persons arrested for the murder of two brothers at their Saki Naka residence on May 27.Avanish Singh (26) and his brother Ashish (22) were killed over a dispute over a parking space below a metro bridge on the Andheri-Kurla road. The accused planned the murder after the victims got them arrested in an assault case. The Saki Naka police arrested Rakesh Sharma (33), Sunita Sharma (35) and Shanu Sharma and a court sent them to custody till June 22. They were again produced before the court on June 8 and was remanded in custody till June 22. MOther accused, Avanish Rai (26) and Sunil Sharma (39), are in custody till June 13. Cops are looking for one more person.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14037200", "title": "Police get more time to conduct probe against Vilasrao Deshmukh", "text": "MUMBAI: A local court on Monday granted an extension to the local police to conduct a detailed inquiry against Union minister Vilasrao Deshmukh for allegedly misusing his position as the state's chief minister to protect an MLA's kin-reportedly involved in a money-lending racket in Vidarbha-from prosecution.The apex court, on November 3, 2011, had criticized Deshmukh for abusing his constitutional position in the case. The court had directed the Marine Drive police to probe the matter and file a report by July 9.Activist A M Choudhary, had filed an application in the metropolitan magistrate's court seeking a probe and filing of an FIR against Deshmukh, Congress MLA Dilipkumar Sananda and his father Gokulchand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14037762", "title": "Qateel Siddiqui murder case: CID begins probe into security lapses", "text": "PUNE: The state criminal investigation department (CID) on Monday began an inquiry into the security lapses leading to the murder of alleged Indian Mujahideen operative Mohammad Qateel Siddiqui in the high security Yerawada Central Jail on June 8.CID's officiating additional director-general of police D Kanakaratnam appointed additional superintendent of police (flying squad) Kalidas Suryavanshi on Sunday evening to conduct the probe. \"We have begun the investigation and have examined the crime scene in the jail,\" officials saidHowever, the CID team is not clear whether it should restrict itself to the probe into the security lapse or to conduct investigations in the murder case also.Officials, requesting anonymity, said the government's order \"is vague because they have directed us to collect information about the incident and submit a report\".\"We are awaiting fresh directions from the state government on what issues the CID should consider while going ahead with an inquiry. If the details are made clear, then the inquiry officer can restrict himself to certain issues without going into other details,\" the officials added.The CID will have to look into all aspects while conducting an inquiry into Siddiqui's murder, principal secretary (jails and appeals) Medha Gadgil told TOI on Monday.\"I have directed the CID to submit the inquiry report as soon as possible. I cannot comment any more,\" she said. On transferring the murder case to the CID, Gadgil said the Pune police will conduct those investigations.Officials said a probe into the security lapses would also include some investigation into the murder. The government must clarify whether the murder investigation should remain with the Pune police or should the CID take over, they added.The inquiry into an incident at the high security anda cell of the Yerawada jail has certain limitations. For instance, the team cannot seek custody of the accused or have access to prison and police records, CID officials said.Siddiqui, suspected of executing terror attacks in Bangalore and Delhi and of involvement in the attempt to blow up the Dagdusheth Ganapati temple here, was strangled by gangster Sharad Mohol and his aide Alok Bhalerao.The incident exposed the chinks in the high-security 'anda' cell, prompting home minister R R Patil to order a CID inquiry.Siddiqui was found dead in his 10 ft x 10 ft cubicle in the anda cell of Yerawada central jail.Mohol and Bhalerao who were also lodged in the anda cell had strangled Siddiqui to death with a drawstring from a pair of shorts last Friday around 9.45 am.Siddiqui was believed to be a close associate of Yasin Bhatkal, the main suspect in a string of terror attacks including the German bakery blast. Bhatkal is yet to be arrested.Siddiqui was in the custody of the ATS since May 3 after being handed over by the Delhi police who arrested him on November 22, 2011. On May 28, he was sent to Yerawada jail after a Pune court remanded him in judicial custody till June 8.At the time of handing over Siddiqui to jail, the ATS had given a letter saying he was a high-risk prisoner and needed to be isolated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14052484", "title": "Shivshakti Sachdev wants to be like Vidya Balan", "text": "I want to be like Vidya Balan , says television actress Shivshakti Sachdev, popularly knows as Bebo, who is concentrating on variety on the small screenStraight From PunjabThis effervescent actress loves shopping and pampering herself. Shivshakti Sachdev of \" Sabki Laadli Bebo \" fame, who was recently in Lucknow landed with a mission - shopping and eating! \"I am a complete foodie. Although I am brought up in Delhi, my roots are Punjabi as my Dad hails from Punjab. Aur Punjabis toh by default foodie hote hi hain and so am I. And in Lucknow, I have a few hidden agendas set in my mind. I have to shop lots and lots of chikan ke kurtey, a few even for my mom too and also gorge on Tokri waali chaa t that I guess is among the other mouthwatering cuisines that the city has to offer,\" she says. On asking why Tundey ke kebabs missing from her wish list, and she says, \"They are unfortunately not on my list as I am a hard core vegetarian.\"Give Me More Talking about her busy acting schedule, the actress, who is playing Pinky Raj in \" Afsar Bitiya\" these days, says, \"I am a workaholic. Though I am just 19 years of age, I believe that I am not at all under any kind of work pressure at this stage of life. And I am balancing my college and profession quite well. I am in my first year of BA (English Honors) from Mumbai University. And since I have opted for a correspondence course, I can easily manage studies along with my work.\"But doesn't she miss the regular teenage life? \" Jaise aur bachche playground mein aur community centres mein khelne jaate hain, waise hi main apne shoots pe enjoy karne jaati hoon. I am not missing out on any fun that youngsters my age have.\"Vidya rocks!Kabir\" which is a light hearted comedy, says, \"I believe that till date I have done a variety of roles In fact, comedy was the only genre that I had not explored and now I am doing even that in my current show. Although a lot has to be done on the professional front, for now I have sufficient variety roles on my CV. I don't want to be typecasted. I want to be like Vidya Balan. Vidya has done so many different roles in her career so far. She is my role model.\"Mohd Salman Khan", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14034227", "title": "Former badminton coach Vimal Kumar flays new Thomas and Uber Cups format", "text": "BANGALORE: Former national badminton coach U Vimal Kumar suggested on Monday that the Badminton World Federation's decision to tweak the format for two of the sport's premier team championships -- the Thomas and Uber Cups ---- was nothing more than a cosmetic change which could dilute the level of competition.BWF announced it would bring in a new structure for its world team event to boost the sport's global television appeal. In the new format, which will come into effect in 2014, the men's and women's world team championships will be expanded from 12 to 16 teams, slotted into four groups.\"It's just a cosmetic change and I feel BWF could have brainstormed a bit to come up with something different,\" Vimal told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14035271", "title": "BSEB Intermediate result 2012: Girls outscore boys in arts and commerce", "text": "PATNA: Girls scored over boys in the Intermediate arts and commerce streams examinations. The results were announced by Bihar School Examination Board (BSEB) chairman Rajmani Prasad Singh here on Monday.Of the 19 students who figured on the top-10 list in arts stream, 16 are girls and three boys. Sandeep Kumar Chaubey from H S V College in East Champaran secured 86% marks to top the list. Pankaj Kumar from B R B College, Samastipur, got 82.6% to finish the last on the top-10 list in the stream.The same pattern followed in the commerce stream in which eight girls and seven boys figured on the top-10 list. Prashant Sinha from Gaya College topped the list with 82.8% marks. The last on the list is Raju Singh from the same college with 78.4% marks.Among the girls, Rita Kumari from V R College in Vaishali district was the topper with 85.6% in the arts stream, while Moushmi Kumari from Gaya College, with 80.6% marks, topped among the girls in the commerce stream.Over 3.89 lakh students, including 1.61 lakh boys and 2.28 lakh girls, had filled the forms for the examinations in the arts stream, but only 3.54 lakh appeared at the exams. While 90.96% of the candidates were successful, 1.50 lakh students (38.58% of the total) secured first division and 1.83 lakh students (47.23%) passed out in second division. Against over 2.10 lakh (50.05%) successful girls, the number of successful boys is over 1.43 lakh (36.92%).In commerce, 69,418 students, including 55,496 boys and 13,922 girls, appeared at the examinations. Of them, 18,192 secured first division and 41,476 second division. About 91.91% students of commerce stream passed the examinations.In the vocational courses, 2,070 students appeared at the Intermediate examinations. Of them, 1,694 passed in first division and 369 in second division. The success rate in this stream was 92.37%.When pointed out that 13 students from V R College in Vaishali alone figured on the top-10 list in arts stream, the BSEB chairman said, \"The fact is as much before you as it is before me. If there is anything more to it, nothing can be done at this stage. This aspect, like how it happens, would be taken care of in the next year's examinations.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14040891", "title": "'Chembur illegal shanties to be razed'", "text": "MUMBAI: The BMC on Monday told the Bombay high court that it is removing unauthorized structures obstructing a road-widening project in Chembur.A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Nitin Jamdar was hearing a public interest litigation filed by the Chembur Citizens' Forum seeking direction for widening of the Ramkrishna Chemburkar Marg, which connects Mahul and Ghatkopar.The petition said that due to the ongoing monorail work-which is expected to connect Chembur to Mahalaxmi-and also unauthorized shops and hawkers, there is severe constriction in the road's breadth, which affects vehicular traffic.The forum's advocate, Uday Warunjikar, argued that despite the pending proposal for widening of the existing road by 36.60 meters, \"for years together, no steps have been taken\". \"Due to the flyover and monorail work, only 12 ft of the road has remained and only one vehicle can pass at a time,'' said Warunjikar.The BMC's advocate submitted that it has already initiated action against the unauthorized encroachers. \"We have begun taking action against some structures,\" she said, seeking time to place before the HC details of the same. The judges have posted the matter for hearing after two weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14043062", "title": "Bellary MP Joladarashi Shantha\u2019s win set aside", "text": "BANGALORE: The rough ride continues for Bellary's netas with the Karnataka high court on Monday setting aside the election of Joladarashi Shantha, BJP MP from Bellary (ST) constituency, on the grounds of irregularities in counting of votes.Justice H Billappa set aside the election on a petition filed by Congress worker M Chandregowda, seeking her disqualification, and ordered recounting within four weeks starting Monday.Chandre Gowda had filed a writ petition in the high court in 2009, challenging Shantha's election, alleging malpractice in counting of votes and accusing her of submitting a false caste certificate when she filed the nomination papers. \"Though Shantha belongs to the Boya community, which comes under the Other Backward Classes (OBC) after her marriage, she had contested as a member of the Hindu Valmiki community, classified under Scheduled Tribes (ST),\" the petition said. The court did not consider this ground of the petitioner.Shantha, 36, was the lone woman BJP candidate to win parliamentary polls from an impoverished Bellary constituency where her brother, Sriramulu, and the Reddy brothers once ruled. She defeated NY Hanumanthappa of the Congress by 2,243 votes in the April 23, 2009 elections.The court found serious discrepancies in some cases, where the number of votes recorded by the electronic voting machine (EVM) did not tally with the number of votes counted from the same EVM. The court noted that that the identity number of the EVMs' controlling unit, number of polled votes maintained at the polling booth and counting centre do not tally in some cases, and these details are not entered in a few other instances. \"These discrepancies create doubts and need to be relooked at, since the winning margin is very close,\" the judge noted.The platform for Shantha's entry into politics was laid when the Bellary seat was reserved as an ST constituency in the delimitation process. Sources said the Reddy brothers were looking for an ST candidate who could help them keep the district in their kitty, as G Karunakar Reddy had been the Bellary MP before the seat was reserved. At this juncture, senior BJP leader Sushma Swaraj had suggested Shantha's name.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14049199", "title": "Salman to play a superhero with magical locks", "text": "From being the actor who had to get hair weaving done to counter a receding hairline, to playing a Samson-like character with special powers in his tresses, Salman Khan has surely come a long way.In his upcoming project Sher Khan, to be directed by brother Sohail Khan , he will play a superhero with special powers in his shoulder length hair. What's more, in keeping with the Bollywood legacy of Sher Khan being a Pathan (a la Pran in Prakash Mehra's 1973 blockbuster Zanjeer ), Salman's character too, will have similar roots.Interestingly, last time Salman played a Pathan was in Sawan Kumar's 1991 film Sanam Bewafa. But Salman Khan's Sher Khan will not be the stereotypical gendermixing (hum bolegi, tum sunegi) Pathan. In the words of writer Rumi Jaffery, Sohail's home production will \"feature Salman in a look he has never tried before.\" Needless to say, this superhero will be quite different from Superman, Spider Man or the indigenous Krrish or G.One.In an earlier version of the script, Sher Khan was meant to be a South Indian action star a la Dabangg or Rowdy Rathore . \"Kona Venkatesh who wrote Salman's Ready was summoned to do the screenplay for the film. Now, Sohail and Salman have changed their mind. They roped in Rumi Jaffery to write an action film for the kids instead,\" a source told us.\"Though he has had a massive fan following among kids, none of Salman bhai's films have been specially targeted at children. Dilip Shukla (who's also writing Dabangg 2 ) and I are designing bhai's first film aimed at the young viewers,\" added Rumi.And the superhero Salman won't be flying in the air wearing a cape. \"He will be a hero that kids can identify with. The action scenes won't have him beating up a dozen goons single-handedly. He has done these things many times before,\" said Rumi. We learnt that Salman's action scenes will be inspired by the ancient forms of martial arts from Kerala.But the leading lady opposite superhero Salman is yet to be finalised. \"It has to be someone who can perform well. Since Salman bhai is changing in Sher Khan, the leading lady can't be familiar either. We're looking. We have time. We start in October.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14044635", "title": "Multi Utility Vehicles worth Rs 8Lakh stolen", "text": "Amulti-utility vehicle worth Rs eight lakh was has been reported stolen from the Canada Corner area of the city on Friday night. In a complaint filed by Vijaya Raosaheb Sanap, resident of Sulochana Apartment, Visemala,Canada Corner, the Rs 8.12-lakh vehicle was stolen between Friday night and Saturday morning from in front of their building. tnnvehicle, worth Rs 8.12 lakh, was parked in front of their flat between 11pm on Friday and 9am on Saturday, when some unidentified thief stole it.The Sarkarwada Police have registered an offence in this regard.Gold chain stolenA gold chain worth Rs 28,000 was stolen from a 45 year old person while from the Bhadrakali area on Friday. A police complaint in this regard has been lodged by his wife Vimal Valmiki of Central Park , Nalasopara, Mumbai. According to the complainant, her husband went to sleep in the Valmiki Temple at Mahalaxmi Chowk in Bhadrakali on Friday night at around 9.00 pm. The next morning when he woke up at around 7.00 am, he found that his gold chain had been stolen by some thief. Vimal Valmiki lodged a complaint at the Bhadrakali Police Station on June 10.Motorcycle theftA Hero Honda motorcycle worth Rs 15,000 has been reported stolen from the Dindori Naka area of the city. According to the FIRs, Jeetendra Patel of Balaji Bungalow, Samartha Nagar, Peth Road, had parked the vehicle in the parking lot of the Bhagchandra Complex at Dindori Naka, Panchavati, on Saturday at around 5.00 pm. Around 9.00 pm when he came back, the vehicles was missing. A complaint in this regard has been lodged at the Panchavati Police Station.Closed flat burgledA gold ring and cash, amounting to Rs 25,000 was stolen in a burglary that took place in a closed flat at Bodhle Nagar on Saturday night. According to a complaint filed by one Prabhakar Sable, resident of Jamin Apartment, Bodhale Nagar, Nashik-Pune Road, he had been out of his flat from 5.30 am of Saturday and 8.00 am of Sunday, when some unidentified burglars entered the flat by breaking the lock and latch of the flat and stealing cash and gold ring amounting to Rs 25,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14042791", "title": "Uzbekistan calling", "text": "LUDHIANA: Advertisements of flights to London, Toronto or New York dotting the busy road in front of city bus stand hardly make one bat an eyelid given Punjab's love for life in the US and UK. But then, large hoardings of flights to Uzbekistan and Turkmenistan do the job by grabbing eyeballs. Whoever goes there you wonder? News is a lot of people from town do.The lure of relatively cheap tickets to London and Birmingham or an illegal-but-easier entry to Europe through these countries is catching the fancy of many in Ludhiana and boosting business for Uzbekistan Airways and Turkmenistan Airlines. Travel agents make the advertisements hard to miss with tempting phrases like \"assured visa\", \"passport issuance\" and \"job assistance\". Sources say while many fly these airlines because they offer an economical option to get to UK, there are many youngsters who land up at Ashgabat, capital of Turkmenistan, and Tashkent, Uzbekistan's capital, and then sneak out to Europe through Russia.\"We have been offering services of Uzbekistan Airways and Turkmenistan Airlines for many years. They operate on alternate days from Amritsar so many travellers opt for them as a cheap way to fly to London and Birmingham. But excessive delays make these flights unreliable for serious travellers,\" said Kiran Setia, owner of Setia Travels in Kochar Market. Setia, who was earlier with British Airways and has been running this business for 27 years, dded that these airlines don't have their offices in Ludhiana and operate through agents based across Punjab.Rohit Rawal, owner of Skyways Airline Services in Kochar Market, said, \"Uzbekistan and Turkmenistan airlines offer flights to Birmingham and London from Amritsar making it a convenient choice for residents, who have to travel to Delhi for any other flights. There are some who visit these countries for vacations too as they get attractive packages.\" Rawal said a return ticket to Brimingham costs around Rs 50,000 in either of the airlines, which would even be available for something between Rs 36,000 and Rs 38,000 around six months back. \"Every month at least 100 passengers from Ludhiana book tickets in these airlines, offering an annual business of around Rs 5 crore,\" added Rawal. According to Atul Khosla, a travel agent on Ferozepur Road, Punjabi businessmen exploring opportunities in Uzbekistan and Turkmenistan also prefer these airlines. \"These carriers don't have substantial market in Chandigarh or Delhi but Punjab is offering them good business,\" he said.Requesting anonymity, one agent said it is quite easy to get tourist visa for Uzbekistan and Turkmenistan because of which Ashgabat and Tashkent are popular destinations among youths harbouring NRI dreams. \"Once they reach one of the two countries, they illegally enter Russia through Kazakhstan . Then with the help of unscrupulous travel agents, they go to Sweden, Finland and Norway in search of greener pastures. Though many of them easily reach there some even land up in jails,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "centro de lingua portuguesa/instituto camoes will offer intensive courses on portuguese language and culture from june 15. the courses are basic portuguese language, level a2 (90 hours); elementary portuguese language, level b1 (90 hours). clp/instituto camoes will provide the new edition of portugues sem fronteiras 1, two cds included, to the students of the basic course. the timetable is monday, wednesday and friday from 6pm to 8pm and tuesday,thursday and friday from 6pm to 8pm. minimum age for joining the courses at instituto camoes is 16 years. for further information, contact", "code": "14038150", "title": "Centro de Lingua Portuguesa/Instituto Camoes to offer Portuguese language course", "text": "Centro de Lingua Portuguesa/Instituto Camoes will offer intensive courses on Portuguese language and culture from June 15. The courses are Basic Portuguese Language, level A2 (90 hours); Elementary Portuguese Language, level B1 (90 hours). CLP/Instituto Camoes will provide the new edition of Portugues Sem Fronteiras 1, two CDs included, to the students of the basic course. The timetable is Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 6pm to 8pm and Tuesday,Thursday and Friday from 6pm to 8pm. Minimum age for joining the courses at Instituto Camoes is 16 years. For further information, contact: Instituto Camoes, Agva House, Dada Vaidya Road, Panaji. Ph: 6647737, 2422237 and e-mail: clpicgoa@yahoo.com/clpgoa@gmail.com.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14041909", "title": "Four-year jail for ONGC engineer", "text": "GUWAHATI: A CBI Special Judge on Monday sentenced an ONGC engineer to four years of rigorous imprisonment and also slapped a fine of Rs 10,000 for submitting forged reimbursement bills.CBI special court judge Ikramul Hussain passed the order, convicting ONGC's deputy superintendent engineer (Production) C P Parate, posted in Nazira in Sivasagar district, for the specific charge of obtaining pecuniary advantage to the tune of Rs 60,397 from the company by corrupt and illegal means.The CBI had registered a case against Parate for submission of forged TA reimbursement bill, hostel bills and bills claiming daily allowances among other charges. Subsequently, the chargesheet was framed against him under Sections 420/468/471 of the IPC and Section 13(2) read with Section 13(1)(d) of Prevention of Corruption Act.The judge, after examining all the witnesses and documents, held Parate guilty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "14042948", "title": "5 killed in accident near Veraval", "text": "RAJKOT: At least five people, including four women, were killed and 10 injured in a collision between a passenger carrying vehicle (chota hathi) and a truck near Ajotha village of Veraval taluka in Junagadh district at around 5 am on Monday.About 14 residents of Bhuteshwar village near Mahuva in Bhavnagar district were on their way to Somnath when the accident happened.The deceased were identified as Liguben Koli (35), Hakuben Koli (7), Mayuri Koli (27), Javed Satar (25) and Jasuben Shiyal. Four victims died on the spot, while Jasuben Shiyal succumbed to her injuries in a hospital. The 10 injured are undergoing treatment in a hospital in Veraval.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14040770", "title": "Release us, ask cops to pay Rs 1crore damages: Sisters", "text": "MUMBAI: Two married sisters, detained at a protection home after the police raided a suburban eatery last week, have moved the high court urging that they be released. They have also sought directions to the police to pay them compensation of Rs 1 crore each for \"illegally detaining them and defaming them as prostitutes\".Their advocate Anand Jondhale said he would seek a hearing on Tuesday.On June 4, one of the women came to Mumbai from Delhi along with her daughter. The next day, she accompanied her sister-an Andheri resident-to the birthday party of a family friend at Masala Curry in Andheri (W).Around 6.30pm, a police team raided the eatery and took several people, including the two sisters, into custody. The Mazgaon magistrate sent the women to Mahila Sudhar Griha, Chembur.In their petition, the sisters urged the HC to release them, saying they were married women with children and no criminal records. Also, their husbands were \"successful, rich businessmen\". \"The children of both the petitioners have been deprived of the company of their mothers, which has caused great trauma and shock,\" the petition said. Their elderly parents, too, suffered a huge shock, the plea added.The police have not allowed their family members to meet the two women, the petition said. \"The family life of both the petitioners is at stake,\" the petitioner said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "14035126", "title": "Invoking the rain god", "text": "TRICHY: The Bhartiya Kisan Sangh (BKS) on Monday launched a three-day yagna on the banks of the river Cauvery at Srirangam's Ammamandpam to fervently implore the rain god to send thundershowers over Karnataka so that farmers from Tamil Nadu could save their just planted, short-term Kuruvai crops. Known as 'Parjanya Santhiyagam' to propitiate the rain god, the yagna was spearheaded by BKS state deputy leader P Ayyakannu in the presence of school education minister N R Sivapathy and PWD minister Ramalingam.\"This is the first time such a yagna is being conducted as Tamil Nadu's efforts to persuade Karnataka to release water into the Mettur dam have bitten the dust,\" Ayyakannu said. \"Chief minister Jayalalitha approached all the powers that be, such as the Centre, the Supreme Court, the state of Karnataka and the Central Water Tribunal, all of which did not bring the desired result. As a last resort we are now praying to the rain god, the only panacea for the farmers' parched lands,\" Ayyakannu said. About 30 litres of water had been specially brought from Talacauvery (the origin of the river) at Brahmagiri hill in Karnataka's Kodagu district and Thiruvanaikovil's Vedavirpannar Sridhar Saastrigal led the elaborate pooja that included 108 farmers observing a fast and standing in water. so that rain god would be moved to tears (read rain).Karnataka usually releases water on June 12 and this summer the promise of water merely became a mirage. Ayyakannu admitted that Karnataka too did not posses enough water in their reservoir.\"Karnataka could release at least 10 tmc (thousand million cubic) ft as Mettur reservoir's current storage is less than 35 tmc ft as against its capacity of 94 tmc ft,\" he added. The farmers' rationale is that if Karnataka released at least 10 tmc now, the delta irrigation over six lakh acres of land spread over eight districts would save the three-month-duration Kuruvai crop. In other words, the 10 tmc would take care of the irrigation needs for at least 15-20 days and then the South-West monsoon would anyway set in, bringing hope to the farmers.The uncertainty over the availability of water, coupled with power cuts this year has driven the farmers to the wall. This year, only around 50,000 acres are under Kuruvai crop in the delta, Ayyakkannu said. Ministers had been invited for giving farmers moral support and the yagna was held in the very \"summer beach\" that regaled summer tourists near the famous Cauvery bridge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14042075", "title": "A powerless, sleepless Sunday night", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Frequent power cuts are putting people to a lot of inconvenience. And whenever the weather turns bad, things only get worse as it happened on Sunday night. Many sectors faced power cuts due to the rain and thunderstorm and some sectors saw cuts running into several hours.The power cuts were seen mainly in sectors 8, 9, 10, 11, 14, 15, 24, 25, 38 west, 39, Khuda Lahora and Dhanas. Many places like Burail, Manimajara, Mauli complex, sectors 20, 34, 35,41D, 44 and 46 faced several power cuts in the time period between 2am on Sunday till 5.30pm the next day.There was a short circuit in Maloya, Manimajara and many other places which resulted in power breakdown for several hours on Sunday night.Surinder Singh Bisht, a resident of Dhanas said he was unable to sleep the whole night due to the power cuts in his area. People had a tough time as the electricity went many times from 10pm on Sunday night to 8am the next morning.\"Power cuts have become quite frequent in my sector and one never knows when the electricity would blink off,\" rued Somya Sharma, a resident of Sector 40.A S Thakur, a computer dealer in Sector 20, who was vexed over a power cut in his sector that started in the morning said such a situation was putting people in his area to a lot of trouble, as work was getting interrupted.Areas Power cut timeManimajara Several cuts from 2am on Sunday night to 5.30pm on MondayMauli Complex Several cuts from 2am on Sunday night to 5.30pm on MondaySectors 20,34,35,41D,44,46 Several cuts from 2am on Sunday night to 5.30pm on MondayKhuda Lahora Several cuts from 10pm on Sunday to 8am on MondaySectors 8,9,10,11,14,15 Several cuts from 10pm on Sunday to 8am on MondaySectors 24,25, 38west, 39 Several cuts from 10pm on Sunday to 8am on MondayDhanas Several cuts from 10pm on Sunday to 8am on MondaySector 20 9am on Monday to 5.30pm", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14052132", "title": "Chris Brown sends champagne to Rihanna", "text": "Singer Chris Brown reportedly sent a bottle of champagne to ex-flame singer Rihanna when he found out they were at the same nightclub.Both of them chose to sit at different tables at the nightclub named SL Saturday, reports femalefirst.co.uk.\"Chris and Rihanna sat a few tables away from each other and shot dirty looks at each other all night,\" said a source.The 24-year-old singer also crossed Brown's table, but managed to walk without showing any emotions.\"No one saw them actually interact. Rihanna was escorted to the bathroom multiple times and walked by Chris' table each time, not even batting an eyelash,\" the source said.Rihanna and Brown recently worked together on two tracks - \"Turn up the music\" and \"Birthday cake \". The two had split in 2009 after Brown was accused of assaulting Rihanna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14039655", "title": "Bagariya community demands Scheduled Caste status", "text": "JAIPUR: Demanding the status of Scheduled Caste, a delegation of 50 people from the Bagariya community on Monday met chief secretary, C K Mathew, and other government officials.The leaders of the community asserted that they were under the category of Scheduled Caste before 1994. However, without doing census of their community, the government has slotted them in Other Backward Classes (OBC) category.\"We have constantly demanded the government to reverse its decision but nothing has being done. We have a population of around 25,000 but there's not a single representation in the administrative services. Our children aren't getting proper education and jobs, our people are living under abysmal poverty and the whole community is facing discrimination,\" said a community leader.The community is mainly based in Ajmer, Udaipur, Rajsamand Bhilwara and Chittorgarh. The leaders also met additional chief secretary, who instructed district collectors of all the five districts to look into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14037105", "title": "Gujjars, Meenas join hands for Pilot", "text": "JAIPUR: The 12th death anniversary of Congress leader Rajesh Pilot on Monday in Dausa turned into a demonstration of a new bonhomie among the Gujjar and Meena communities, which have clashed violently in the past on the issue of job reservation. In a show of rare camaraderie, the two communities pledged to maintain harmony in the future.The crowd at Bhadana near Dausa - the epicentre of the community's quota wrath in 2007-08 - where Rajesh Pilot's statue was unveiled had people from both communities raising their hands when the late Congress leader's son Sachin Pilot requested them to show that they could live in peace and as partners in progress. While they cheered his call, angry Gujjars subsequently jeered chief minister Ashok Gehlot.\"Rajesh Pilot was a leader of all. An event to mark his contributions should be used to improve relations between the two communities. We lost so many lives and must ensure that such incidents are never repeated,\" said the young Union minister of state for telecom.Besides senior leaders like Rajasthan chief minister Ashok Gehlot , his Haryana counterpart Bhupinder Singh Hooda, and Union minister for social justice and empowerment, Mukul Wasnik, a large number of Congress leaders were present.\"It's time to settle the quota issue forever,\" Pilot said, and held the Vasundhara Raje government responsible for creating \"confusion\" over the reservation demand and pitching Gujjars against Meenas. While Gujjars have shed their demand for quota as STs and seeking special status within OBCs, Meenas have extended their support to Gujjars' new demand.Chief Minister Gehlot, however, had to face Gujjar ire and was repeatedly jeered until he spoke about the community's quota demand. They were asking for a swift settlement of their quota demand. A visibly shaken Gehlot blamed the Raje government for the legal complexities over the quota issue.\"Seventy Gujjars were killed during the previous government's rule. No community in the country has lost so many of its people over one demand. I am surprised that you still voted for the people who have your blood on their hands,\" Gehlot said, addressing the Gujjars at Bhandana. He also accused Gujjar agitations' leader Kirori Singh Bainsla of vitiating the state's peace through frequent protests for the quota.As the people continued to shout disapprovingly of the CM's remarks, Pilot had to intervene and appeal for order.\"Shouting slogans will not help. We have to fulfill the legal procedures and have faith in the judiciary,\" Gehlot said, referring to the high court's ban on the 5% quota for SBC until it was justified by the Other Backward Classes (OBC) Commission on the basis of a quantifiable data.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14040407", "title": "Nursing staff boycott hits medical services", "text": "LUCKNOW: Patientcare services, particularly distribution of medicines, were badly affected on Monday morning as pharmacists and nurses observed a two-hour boycott in medical colleges, government hospitals and other centres. Though they resumed work after two hours, this situation may prevail till June 15, after which nurses and pharmacists have threatened to hold demonstrations and gherao if their demands were not met.Ashok Kumar, general secretary, Rajkiye Nurses Sangh, UP, said since long the government has been sitting over their demands. \"We are not asking for hefty grants and perks. We just want them to be reasonably sustainable,\" he said.Their main demand is to ensure clearance of a proposal to create 14,000 new posts for nursing staff. Other demands include increasing the proportion of male nurses from present rate of 5% to 25%, increasing retirement age to 65 years and revision of allowances.Association president Poonam Sharma urged the government machinery to sympathetically address their genuine demands in patient interest. Hospital administrative heads, however, claimed that patient services weren't affected. \"We had deputed interns who tried their best to attend patients,\" said one of them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14035318", "title": "Nitish for consensus on President candidate", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish on Monday stressed the need of a consensus on the selection of candidate for the highest office of the President. The candidate has to be finalized by the Congress-led UPA government. \"There are several names in circulation and it will not be appropriate for me to comment on them. Since very little time is left, the UPA should come out with its proposal,\" Nitish told mediapersons at Janata ke Darbar mein Mukhya Mantri programme. \"It will be good if there is a consensus on any name,\" he added.Reacting to the murder of Qateel Ahmad Siddiqui of Darbhanga in Yerwada jail in Pune, the CM said he had spoken to the Maharashtra CM and urged him to send his body to his relatives. \"Keeping in view the human aspect of the case, the body in such cases should be sent to the place to which victims belong to by the government,\" he said.The CM also congratulated his bete noire and RJD supremo Lalu Prasad on his birthday. He refused to react to question relating to the former CM and said he did not want to make his mood sour on this day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14038327", "title": "Second list hope: Seats vacant at top colleges", "text": "MUMBAI: All those disheartened students who could not make it through to a college of their choice in the first merit list have a reason to cheer. While the first merit list for degree college courses created a record of sorts with some colleges seeing a rise of 4-6% in their cut-offs, it is learnt that even top colleges have vacant seats left for the second merit list, which will be announced today.Take H R College in Churchgate, for instance. While a majority of students whose names appeared in the first merit list have confirmed their seats, college authorities told TOI that there are still seats available for aspirants in the second merit list. \"We were surprised that most students confirmed their seats, so we have very few seats left for the second merit list. But there's a good chance that students might withdraw their admissions later, leaving more seats for others,\" said Ashok Wadia, in-charge principal, Jai Hind College.Once again this year, several city colleges had noticed a rush of applications for self-financed courses but were surprised with the turnout of students who confirmed their admission. \"Of the 120-odd seats in our BMS (Bachelor of Management Studies) section, only 46 have been confirmed by Monday. First merit lists always paint a drastic picture of the admissions process and it starts settling down by the second and third lists,\" said Marie Fernandes, principal of St Andrew's College, Bandra. At K P B Hinduja College, Charni Road, close to 50% seats are still vacant. \"It's a shocking trend, considering how students desperately wait to claim seats in self-financed courses. Students' intentions keep varying but these seats will be filled by the third list,\" said T Shiware, principal of the college.Surprisingly, seats in the Science stream seem to be taken in most colleges as of now but principals are sure there will be a lot of withdrawals in a few days. \"Students should not be disheartened because a lot of candidates who appeared for the various competitive examinations will end up seeking seats in engineering and medical colleges. These seats will be available for others in a couple of weeks,\" said Vijay Joshi, principal of K J Somaiya College, Vidya Vihar. Most top colleges in the city told TOI that they might not announce the third merit list but experts are sure that seats will be available aplenty for students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14043320", "title": "Now, undergo bypass surgery while you're awake", "text": "BANGALORE: Guruswamy, a 55-year-old semi-literate farmer, was shocked when he was first told that he'd be awake while undergoing bypass surgery. He did not readily agree to it and was counselled for over two weeks. When he eventually underwent the surgery with his eyes open, it was an unforgettable experience.Awake-heart surgeries are becoming a boon for those suffering from lung, chest and muscle-related diseases. The patient, undergoing such a surgical process, is not given general anaesthesia but is given anaesthesia in the spine bone. It enables the patient to remain conscious and undergo painless surgery. At least 10-15 such operations performed in prominent hospitals across the city every year.Says Dr Vivek Jawali, chief cardiothoracis surgeon, Fortis Hospitals: \"A patient is first counselled about the procedure. Only if he/she agrees, it is done. About 96% patients are okay with it, only 4% refuses after counselling.\"Dr CN Manjunath, director, Sri Jayadeva Institute of Cardiovascular Science and Research Institute, said: \"Such surgeries are done on a routine basis. Those with respiratory difficulties, history of tuberculosis, not suitable for general anaesthesia and can't be kept on ventilator are advised to undergo awake-heart surgery.\"Experts said the biggest challenge is that the patient is awake and able to listen to the conversation of doctors in the operation room. \"Hearing doctors asking for various instruments like knife and a pair of scissors can really scare patients. So doctors are advised to have minimum conversation during surgery,\" added Dr Manjunath.Doctors said a major advantage during awake-heart surgery is that there are no tubes inserted in the patient's trachea and since he/she is conscious, there is no need for mechanical ventilation. Also, the patient's brain functions can be monitored. The procedure enables painless chest surgery and the patient recovers faster.Dr Devi Shetty, chairman, Narayana Hrudayalaya, said: \"Awake-heart surgeries are performed only when the patient is not fit for anaesthesia. Utmost care has to be taken while performing such operations.\"The BenefitsShorter hospital stay\u00b7 Less blood transfusion\u00b7 Less traumatic for patients, thus cosmetic outcomes improve\u00b7 No post-operation complications", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14036398", "title": "Andhra governor may see 'loyalty parade' if Jagan sweeps bypolls", "text": "HYDERABAD: If Jagan wins 17 of the 18 assembly seats for which byelections are being held, then a huge contingent of MLAs - both from the Congress and the TDP- will turn up at Raj Bhavan to swear their loyalty to the YSR Congress, say highly informed sources. This number could be as high as 25, they aver. Most of the MLAs would be from the Congress, but there might be a significant number of Telugu Desam Party MLAs too, these sources added.However, the same sources also assert that the elections will not be one sided as had seemed earlier. \"In the last few days, there has been hectic campaigning and money has flowed freely. There is a close contest,\" say these sources. Although no precise estimate of the total money spent by political parties and candidates can be made, most analysts averred that it could be more than Rs 300 crore. That would be a whopping Rs 20 crore or more per seat. Some analysts, however, thought the total expenditure could mount to Rs 500 crore. A significant part of the money has been used to pay up community leaders who can swing votes as also individual voters. In select constituencies, individual voters stand to gain Rs 2,000 for casting their franchise in favour of a particular party. The money spent has not been uniform: in some seats like Raydurgam and Ongole a huge sum of money has been expended.Analysts say that the Jagan camp would be downbeat if the YSR Congress wins less than 12 seats. Seventeen of the 18 MLAs who resigned were from the Jagan camp and therefore in the ideal situation all of them should be re-elected to validate the line of YSR Congress. The 18th vacancy was caused by the election of Chiranjeevi to the Rajya Sabha. Well informed sources said that Jagan believes that in fact he will win 17 seats and that he has his game plan ready which will be set rolling once the results are out. Analysts, however, say that the groundswell of support expected for Jagan in the aftermath of his arrest has not really materialized. But they say that his sister Sharmila and mother Vijayamma have been successful in drawing huge crowd wherever they have gone to campaign.In the event of 25 MLAs (both of Congress and TDP) changing allegiance to the YSR Congress, the state government will become unstable, though it will not be toppled. In a House of 294, Congress has just 164 MLAs now. This is after merger of Chiranjeevi's Prajarajyam party with the Congress. However, the ruling Congress government has the support of 7 MLAs of the Majlis Ittehadul Muslimeen (MIM). There is pressure on MIM boss Asaduddin Owaisi to desert the Congress camp and throw his lot with the YSR Congress, but to no avail till now. In the event of MLAs seeking to change sides, their party bosses (Congress and TDP) will have to move the assembly Speaker for disqualifying them. If there is a discernible Jagan wave, parties will not want to do that - to avoid another round of by-elections. But in such an event, running the government would become an impossible task - unless of course the Congress and TDP enter into a tacit understanding. This is not unlikely.The huge amount of money that has been spent is clear from the fact that a total amount of Rs 55 crore in cash and valuables have been seized by the police in the run-up to the by-elections for these 18 seats. Before the 2009 general elections for 42 Lok Sabha and 294 assembly seats, merely Rs 38 crore was seized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14042239", "title": "Monsoon set to reach state interiors in 72 hours", "text": "MANGALORE: There is good news for people in interior Karnataka who are eagerly awaiting the onset of southwest monsoon. According to the Indian Meteorological Department (IMD), conditions are favourable for further advancement of monsoon into more parts of interior Karnataka in the next two to three days.Karnataka in the last 24-hours ending 8.30am on Monday received isolated rainfall, says VS Prakash, director, Karnataka State Natural Disaster Management Centre (KSNDMC), Bangalore.The rainfall is considered as isolated since 10% of the hoblis and gram panchayats recorded a rainfall of more than or equal to 2.5 mm. The rainfall distribution was fairly widespread in one district, scattered in two districts, isolated in nine districts and negligible in 18 districts. Monsoon activity was normal in one district and weak in remaining 29 districts.Rainfall was active in Uttara Kannada district with Kumta taluk recording maximum rain of 45.5 mm. Udupi district received fairly widespread and moderate rain. Scattered and moderate to heavy rain was recorded in remaining parts of Uttara and Dakshina Kannada districts. Isolated and light to moderate rain was received in Shimoga, Bellary, Belgaum, Koppal, Chikmagalur, Yadgir, Hassan, Bagalkot and Davangere districts. Dry weather condition prevailed in the remaining parts of the state.While Virajpet recorded the lowest temperature of 15.70?C, Raichur recorded the highest temperature of 38.50?C.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "14044112", "title": "Lawyers not to be allowed while P Jayarajan gives statement", "text": "KANNUR: The investigating team probing the murder of Muslim Youth League worker Abdul Shukkoor has said that they would not permit the presence of a lawyer while taking the statement of CPM district secretary P Jayarajan on Tuesday in connection with the case.Kannur DySP P Sukumaran clarified that the team would only be taking the statement of Jayarajan and not questioning him.The police did not want to create a wrong precedence by permitting the presence of a lawyer while taking the statement of a person in connection with a criminal case, he said.The police had issued notices to Jayarajan and DYFI state secretary and MLA TV Rajesh on Monday to appear before the investigators.Jayarajan has to appear on Tuesday, while Rajesh has been asked to appear on June 17, Sunday, as he has to attend the ongoing Assembly session.The notices were issued on the basis of the statements by Ariyil CPM local committee secretary U V Venu, who was arrested on May 25 on suspicion of being one of the conspirators in the murder.After getting the notice, the CPM has issued a statement saying that the leaders would give their statement before the investigators in the presence of their lawyer to make sure that the details of their statement is not leaked to others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "14043319", "title": "Unknown fever haunts male babies in Malda", "text": "MALDA: Six babies have died of an unknown fever in the last 24 hours at the Malda Medical College and Hospital. Forty-one male babies with the same ailment are currently admitted in the hospital.A team of experts visited the hospital on Monday and met the victims and the principal. They feel that some seasonal fruit might have led to the disease. Doctors also did not rule out heat as a possibility. However, they will take back the bone marrow and blood sample of the victims to Kolkata for examination.With the temperature soaring up to 43 degree celsius in Malda, even the newborns were not spared. Fifteen babies have died in the last 48 hours at the Malda Medical College and Hospital. But, the three-member team that visited the hospital on Monday, conceded of only six baby deaths due to an unknown fever.The team comprising Dr Krishnagshu Roy of School of Tropical Medicine, Dr Krishna Halder and Dr Asit Biswas first met the victims and they held a meeting with the principal Dr Uchhal Bhadra, hospital superintendent Dr Himadri Ari and other senior officials. An unknown fever coupled with convulsions is taking its toll on the babies admitted in the district hospital, said doctors. While six abbies have already died, 41 others with the same ailment are currently admitted in the hospital. However, doctors are yet to determine the source of such fever and ailment.The bone marrow and blood sample of the affected children will be taken to Kolkata for examination. Interestingly, all the children afflicted are male. Experts feel that some seasonal fruit might have led to this disease. They also did not ignore the extreme heat wave as one of the reasons.It may be recalled that death of 15 babies in last 24 hours in Malda hospital, had created sensation in the health department. This morning a team comprising Dr Krishnagshu Roy of School of Tropical Medicine, Dr Krishna Halder and Dr Asit Biswas had visited Malda hospital. The team met the victim and then held a meeting with Principal of Malda Medical College Dr Uchhal Bhadra, Hospital Superintendent Dr Himadri Ari and others.Twenty-seven babies have died at the hospital between June 1 and June 10, claimed a hospital source. However, Biswas said, \"It is not important how many babies died. Rather, we are interested to ascertain the reason behind the deaths. Already 41 babies were admitted in the hospital suffering from this unknown fever.The All of them ranged from 2-8 years and two third of them are male. Biswas suggested avoiding seasonal fruits and referring to hospital once affected with this fever.Biswas said an initiative is being taken to form a task force and improve the health service at Kaliachak, the block that has been most affected.Dr Roy said, \"We are not sure how this disease is spreading. But it is quite dangerous. So we are taking back the bone marrow and blood samples of the victims for test. It will take 72 hours to know the result.\"It may be recalled that at least 300 babies died in this hospital in the first three months of the year which created a nationwide sensation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14038216", "title": "Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation goes ahead with bridge repairs", "text": "MUMBAI: The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) will go ahead with monsoon repairs of three special bridges--Dadar Jagannath Shanker Shett bridge, Currey Road bridge and Elphinstone Bridge--in the island city. TOI had reported (June 8) that a delay in obtaining a no-objection certificate from the traffic department had delayed the repairs. The bridges were part of four shortlisted by the civic body for urgent repairs.Despite the standing technical advisory committee's recommendation to resurface the bridges with high quality mastic asphalt, the civic body will repair them using the traditional hot mix technology. TOI had also reported (April 26) that no contractor had come forward to resurface the bridges as the BMC had insisted on mastic asphalt.While the civic body has completed resurfacing the Kavi Keshavsut bridge in Dadar, work on the other three is likely to be completed by June 20. \"We have received an NOC from the traffic department and work has begun on a war-footing. We are trying our best to ensure minimum inconvenience to commuters,\" said a senior roads department official. The civic body has begun work on JSS bridge, which will be followed by Currey road and Elphinstone.The BMC had planned to resurface 15 bridges in the island city, two in the western suburbs and three in the eastern suburbs. Resurfacing involves relaying the surface with good quality asphalt that will prevent potholes during monsoons. This year, the BMC switched to cold-mix technology due to failure in pothole repairs using hot mix. The bridges, however, will be repaired with hot mix due to lack of alternatives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14037987", "title": "Born again Sivaji\u2019s \u2018Karnan\u2019 nears century, keeps audience thrilled", "text": "CHENNAI: Nearly half-a-century after it first hit the screens in 1964, Sivaji Ganesan's classic Karnan continues to be the talk of the town as the re-release of the film will reach the 100th day on June 23.The team that re-released the film plans to invite chief minister J Jayalalithaa for the celebration as a mark of respect for her mother, Sandhya, who played Karnan's mother in the film. The team also plans to honour children of all artists of the film.The mythological film in which Sivaji played the troubled elder brother of Pandavas as the lead character was re-released across the state on March 16 with digital enhancements and restored audio. The film has been running to packed halls at 72 centres across the state. In the city, it is being screened at nine theatres.Old-timers say the movie remains fresh. \"Each scene shot for the movie is evergreen in my mind. Ganesan sir always encouraged young talent even it was a child artist like me,\" said Sridhar, who played the role of an orphan who seeks justice in Karnan's court. Shanti Chokkalingam of Divya Films, which released the latest version of Karnan, said she, as a child, was deeply touched by the movie. \"Years later, I can never get bored watching Karnan repeatedly,\" she said.The effort took 40 lakh and three years for a team of Sivaji fans led by the 55-year-old Chokkalingam. With improved colours and sound effects, the original audio and video of the film was restored. Technicians, including sound engineers worked round the clock to ensure the original quality of the film. \"We also got regular guidance from veteran composer M S Vishwananthan, who scored music for Karnan,\" said Chokkalingam.The film is considered a milestone not only in the career of Sivaji Ganesan but also for Kollywood as it brought together two doyens of the Indian film industry \u2014 Sivaji and former chief minister of Andhra Pradesh and Telugu Desam Party founder N T Rama Rao (who played the role of Krishna). On the box office front, the movie has crossed nearly 2 crore within a few weeks in the city. Satyam Cinemas has earned around 60 lakh. The movie is also running successfully in Tirichy, Coimbatore, Tirunelveli and Nagercoil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14039078", "title": "Cong wants CEC to oversee local body polls in states", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress said the Central Election Commission (CEC) should oversee the local body elections in states, accusing the Akali Dal government of misusing official machinery in the recent municipal polls in which the ruling party swept out the rival challenge.AICC spokesman Manish Tewari said there was no election in Punjab but only \"coercion and intimidation\". \"It was a craven and high-handed display of misuse of official machinery,\" he said.Tewari said if local body elections were to be left to states and state election commissions, then strengthening the democracy at grassroots would not be achieved.The comments came in the wake of Congress's huge defeat in municipal polls, following up on its shock defeat at the hands Akali Dal in assembly polls in March. While the assembly defeat had created serious doubts in Congress circles if the party would be able to pick itself up so soon, the latest loss has resulted in cries of Akalis playing foul.Tewari said these were not political allegations and reminded of the wide media coverage to these incidents that included shooting.He said, \"It is time to think of local body elections to be held under a neutral body. The CEC has its representative in chief electoral officer in states and they can be put in charge instead of state election commissions.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14037480", "title": "No quota in promotions for disabled: HC", "text": "CHENNAI: Disabled candidates, who are entitled to 3% reservation in jobs, cannot seek extension of the benefit to promotions as well, the Madras high court has said. Dismissing a writ petition seeking reservation of 3% of vacancies in promotions for disabled persons, Justice K Chandru said: \"Even under the provisions of the Persons with Disabilities (equal opportunities, protection or rights and full participation) Act, 1995, reservation can be made only after identification of posts. Those provisions are contemplated only for initial appointment and not for promotions.\"The petition, filed by South Arcot Vallalar District Handicapped Welfare Association represented by its president S Shanmugam and secretary K Duraisamy, sought a suitable direction to the state government to reserve three per cent of vacancies in promotions for the disabled, besides carrying over the unfilled posts for the next three successive years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14034326", "title": "Venky's turned to social network for transfer thoughts: Report", "text": "NEW DELHI: Did Venky's, owners of the relegated Premiership club Blackburn Rovers , resort to Facebook and other social networking media to see advice on players' transfers since January 2011? If a report by the sports portal www.sportingintelligence.com is to be believed, Vineeth Rao, the director of the club and Venky's senior-most representative at Rovers, asked fans befriended by him on the net which players to acquire and which ones to discard, revealing the flawed and haphazard manner in which affairs were run at Ewood Park.According to the report, this strange transfer policy continued for the past 18 months and in which Rao passed on his private email address to supporters. In an email sent to a fan which the portal claims to have seen, Rao says, \"Send me a mail... will look into them, and forward to scout.\" The report further writes, \"Rovers used an assortment of executives and advisors -- some with little experience of football -- to identify and hire players in the transfer windows of summer 2011 and January this year.Rao, the report states, \"asked fans for their views on players as diverse as Spanish striker Raul and Romanian forward Ciprian Marica , both linked to Rovers although neither joined\". He also apparently told one supporter that they would not be signing Mariano Pavone , even as Kean was still optimistic he could hire the Argentine striker.\"Well informed sources say transfer policy ranged from player searches on Wikipedia at one extreme to the short-term use of seasoned agent Pini Zahavi at the other. Vineeth Rao's consultation with fans he didn't know was part of a haphazard overall strategy,\" the report says.The skewed policy after the club was acquired by Venky's in November 2010, also shows that manager Steve Kean was not even consulted on majority of transfers since the January 2001 transfer window.\"Sources both within the club and close to Kean have confirmed he was effectively cut out of many key transfer decisions at the end of January 2011,\" says the report.According to the report, officials at the club and the owners in Pune were not available for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14039185", "title": "Crime records bureau to be paperless in Rajasthan", "text": "JAIPUR: The state crime records bureau (SCRB) is going to be the first government office in the state to be paperless under the e-Office project implemented by National Informatics Centre. All the modalities relating to this have been finalized and the office under the police department will implement the project from July 1.A team from National Informatics Centre was in the SCRB office and collected various dates relating to the crime records of the state to ensure that the system could be executed according to the plan. The e-Office project is a package of knowledge management system, file management system and collaborative tools, and by implementing these, the office will be paperless and increase efficiency and transparency, said Sharat Kaviraj, deputy commissioner of police (cyber) on Monday.All the important circulars, policy regulations, guidelines and department letters and orders will be available in electronic format for quick references, he added. Officials added that the movement of the files which get stuck in the ongoing paper system would be much easier and the system would be helpful to monitor and ensure transparency.\"The NIC team gathered necessary inputs, departmental data and other information so that the project can be run here from July 1,\" another police officer said.The project aims to improve productivity, quality and transparency in the government offices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14035230", "title": "Police dig into details of 1,300 missing girls from Betul", "text": "BHOPAL: The police in tribal-dominated Betul district of Madhya Pradesh are working on a case of missing girls which could unearth a huge human trafficking racket manned by an organised inter-state gang from Madhya Pradesh and Rajasthan.The district police have so far collected details of some 1,300 girls, who have gone missing from the district over the past few years. These victims were allegedly lured by promising jobs in big cities and taken away from their villages by neighbours or acquaintances. After leaving the villages, the families of the victims have not heard from them. A few girls, who managed to flee from the clutches of the racket, narrated harrowing tales of how they were raped and forced into prostitution.Speaking to TOI on Monday, superintendent of police (Betul) Lalit Shaikwar claimed that the police cracked yet another network of a human trafficking gang and rescued two minor girls after they were taken to Rajasthan.A gang of six persons including a woman was arrested on Monday morning from Ratlam district after the girls narrated the story of how they were allegedly abducted, raped and smuggled into Rajasthan. \"On June 6, a complaint was lodged with the Ganj police station by a Somlal, a tribal, who reported that two minor girls aged 15 and 16 years were missing from the Hamlapur area on the outskirts of Betul town. The girls had gone to an adjoining field a week ago and did not return home. Families of the missing victims searched the houses of relatives and friends but in vain,'' Shaikwar said.Investigations into the missing girls' case led the police to busting an inter-state human trafficking racket and arrest of six people, including one woman. The rescued girls then told the police that Pawan and another youth named Prem allegedly raped the girls after abducting them. Later, they were taken to Bhilwara in Rajasthan.In Bhilwara the bidding was for 'brides' - apparently the girls were to be sold to men, who were looking for wives. The sale was about to take place when Pawan was arrested and Malati Verma got a call from the police. The girls returned their home.Police said that details are being worked on the cases of girls reported missing over the past five years so they can be rescued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "14042015", "title": "Volunteers pitch in to save child labourers", "text": "HUBLI: The administration machinery's failure in effectively addressing child labour issue has prompted a few volunteers in the city to come forward and take up cudgels against the inhuman practice which is still prevalent in the society.With an intention to help government bodies abolish child labour, a few volunteers working in Deshpande Foundation's Lead and Koutilya programmes have planned to visit hotels, business establishments, industries and other firms in the city to identify and rescue child workers.The 100 plus volunteers will visit various commercial establishments on Tuesday, that coincides with World Anti-Child Labour Day. They will help the government in rescuing child workers and sending them to schools.Speaking to TOI, Ajay Suman Shukla, team leader, Lead project, said, \"We have no rights to punish any employer who is employing children, but we can certainly alert the authorities by identifying child workers. Also we will sensitize employers about the Child Labour Act and how employing children attracts punishment. We will also make an effort to convince parents of rescued children to send them back to school,\" he said. According to sources, there are about 500 big and small hotels in the city and majority of them employ children. Many of the children are from rural areas of north Karnataka including Bijapur, Gulbarga, Bidar, Raichur, Gadag and other backward districts.A government official said more than 200 child labourers are working in hotels in the city.Many officers deployed for identifying and rescuing child workers are not sincere and serious about their work, he said. \"Hence, employing such laggard and insincere officials is not serving the cause of abolishing child labour,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14039888", "title": "With Gurgaon buses, auto fares seen crashing", "text": "GURGAON: In what will be music to the ears of the city's commuters, the introduction of the city bus service seems to be bringing down the fares charged by autorickshaw drivers. As those who used to commute by autos are now using buses, the auto dirvers are forced to charge less to attract customers.However, a final decision on whether or not to officially reduce the auto fare will be taken after meeting the deputy commissioner this week.At present, the city bus service is operating on seven routes and serves major arterial roads like MG Road and touches nearly all the Metro stations in the city. The auto drivers claim that ever since the buses started plying on these routes their earnings have come down.So while the drivers are complaining the residents are happy that they will no longer get fleeced. \"These drivers used to exploit our situation and demand exorbitant amounts for small distances. I myself have paid Rs 100 just to go to MG Road from Golf Course Road. However, now I am happy that the authorities have started the bus service and these drivers are forced to mend their ways,\" said Jyoti Aggarwal, a commuter whose office is on Golf Course Road.According to the auto unions, some of whom have already started reducing fares, others are against the idea of reducing the fare. \"We will be meeting the deputy commissioner in a couple of days and will then collectively take a decision. A majority of us are in favour of having competitive rates so that we don't lose more customers,\" said Ajay Yadav, an auto driver.Meanwhile, the transport department is finalizing three other routes and plans to increase the service to 10 routes. \"The final route map of three new routes is almost certain and we plan to have these routes operational by the end of this week. The buses will run along Sector 10, Pataudi Road and Hero Honda Chowk and the residents can still send us their suggestions and we will see what we can do about them,\" said a transport department official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14038945", "title": "Gujarat University panel quashes management quota in first year", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A high-powered committee for admissions of Gujarat University (GU) on Monday decided to quash the management quota in the first year BCom.Admission to all the 150 seats per division will be held as per merit.This year, the university will not send a list of any students to any of the commerce colleges. Earlier, it was a practice to send out such a list prepared by student leaders affiliated to BJP and Congress. As a result, the merit system could not be followed religiously.There were 127 divisions in 28 grant-in aid colleges and nine self-financed institutes in which 19,050 students were given admissions. Also, 1,200 seats were vacant.\"This means that the question of admission remains only in the top five or seven colleges which will see a rush for admission. Otherwise seats are going to remain vacant. This year, the university has decided not to send out any list and no more than 150 students will be given admission,\" said syndicate member Narhari Amin.GU pro vice-chancellor Mukul Shah said that merit rules were flouted till last year as the university used to send out the list. \"We decided to quash the management quota after protests,\" he said.The distribution of forms for FY BCom will start from June 18 and the merit list will be declared on June 23.Akhil Bharatiya Vidhyarthi Parishad (ABVP) had held demonstrations at the varsity campus on June 9 protesting against the notification reserving 30 management-quota seats in each division of the first-year BCom course in colleges. Candidates for these seats are to be chosen by principals.GU vice-chancellor Parimal Trivedi had said last week that he was against granting management-quota seats to colleges.He said that the practice had in the past allowed students with low marks to enroll in good colleges by paying money.He said it made better administrative sense for colleges to grant admission on merit.Students who do not get admission are helped by GU which sends out a list to colleges for granting admission to these students.ABVP has demanded that the university continue to take on the responsibility for those who had failed to get admission on the basis of merit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14039421", "title": "Economics(H) needs analytical mind", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi University's BA (honours) economics has the distinction of being traditional degree with a high market value. As far as popularity is concerned, it is second only to BCom (honours). And according to DU's economics faculty, the course requires an analytical mind and logical thinking.Last year, cutoffs at a majority of colleges were at their highest ever, opening at 90% and above. Lady Shri Ram's first cutoff touched 97%, while at Shri Ram College of Commerce it ranged from 95.25% to 98.25%. On South Campus, Sri Venkateswara kept its first cutoff in the range of 95% to 97%. Other colleges which had a cutoff of 95% and above were Ramjas, Miranda House, Kirori Mal, Hans Raj, Hindu and Delhi College of Arts and Commerce. While admissions closed after the second cutoff in most of these colleges, the drop in cutoff marks has been marginal.Jaswinder Singh, principal of SGTB Khalsa College and an economics teacher, said, \"The cutoffs for economics (H) are a little behind BCom (honours) every year. And the cutoffs are likely to remain high as the number of high scorers has ballooned while the seats have remained the same.'' EligibilityThirty-five DU colleges offer this course. And with the course gaining in popularity, securing a seat has got that much harder. Going by last year's cutoffs, an aggregate of 80-95% can get you a seat in the much vaunted course. But, making it to the popular colleges can prove difficult.While students from all streams can apply for the course, many colleges have made maths a mandatory subject in Class XII. Some colleges have insisted on fixing a minimum percentage in maths as eligiblity criterion. The new syllabus requires application of mathematical concepts as well as collection and analysis of data.ContentThe curriculum has undergone changes after the semester came into effect in 2011 for social sciences. \"The focus has altered a little and involves the rigours of mathematics. Options like comparative economic development have been edged out by econometrics, as it is more practical and scoring. The course is on a par with any conventional economics (honours) programme in the world,\" said associate professor Meeta Kumar of Miranda House. Econometrics is the branch of economics dealing with collection and analysis of data.In the first year, students study principles of economics as well as statistical and mathematical methods for economics. Other papers are India's economic development since 1947, economic history of India, money and financial markets, advanced micro and macro economics. During the six semesters, a student needs to complete 21 papers, which includes one optional paper in the fifth and sixth semesters each. \"Earlier students had to choose four optional papers from eight, which has now been reduced to two,\" said Kumar.Road aheadEconomics (H) has a number of academic options at the master's level. Despite economics graduates being generously picked up by banks and finance companies, most opt for higher studies to improve their prospects. \"If a student pursues postgraduation at Delhi School of Economics, he is offered a package of anything between Rs 6 lakh and Rs 12 lakh per annum. Even graduates get lucrative offers,\" said Singh.\"While many start working right after graduation, quite a few go for higher studies,\" said Kumar. Students can also take up jobs in the government sector as researchers or analysts or civil servants. With the world shrinking fast, the demand for analysts and specialized econometricians is increasing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14038923", "title": "Loopholes in law fuel child labour", "text": "NEW DELHI: The educated know they're doing is against the law, but they still do it. Despite laws in place to curb child labour, institutions set up to protect them from harm, and the extensive coverage given to cases of violation, children working as domestic helps is not a rare sight. This, the experts say, reflects societal attitudes.Affordability and the ease of controlling and moulding minors are often cited for justifying child labour. But, experts say, most of the exploitation occurs in the name of charity. \"This happens with the subconscious awareness that it is wrong and the culprits can get away with it,\" said Vijaylakshmi Arora, director for Policy and Research at Child Rights and You (CRY).According to CRY's recent report, 62% of 350 respondents said they could get off the hook by offering compensation to the child or parent if the child met with an accident. While activists agree that the capital has been prompt in taking up this issue, they attribute much of its success to a proactive judiciary rather than stringent laws. They add it is the weak legislation, and the scope of bending laws that have contributed to the prevailing attitudes, and poor rate of prosecution.\"We have laws to prevent child labour, and anyone found guilty has to pay Rs 20,000. After HC orders, the rate of recovery of wages and compensation has gone up,\" said Bachpan Bachao Aandolan activist Bhuvan Ribhu. \"While that may have acted as a deterrent to small-time employers, those employed children as domestic helps, which includes the educated, manage to skirt the law. Even if they get prosecuted, Rs 20,000, which has to be paid to the labour department, is not much,\" he added.The labour department report says 1,528 people were prosecuted in 2009-2011. The penalty was collected in just 290 cases.The chairperson of Child Welfare Committee Lajpat Nagar, Raaj Mangal Prasad, said though Section 26 of the Juvenile Justice (Care and Protection of Children) Act makes the offence non-cognizable and non-bailable, many get away on the basis of interpretation of the law. He suggested that Child Labour (Prohibition and Regulation) Act, 1986, should be made non-cognizable. \"Section 26 deals with procurement of the child, holding his wages and bonded labour. The language is such that unless all three offences are committed, the section doesn't apply.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14039375", "title": "Protect UP runaway couple: HC", "text": "NEW DELHI: Coming to the rescue of a runaway couple from UP, the Delhi high court on Monday ordered the city police to ensure their protection during their stay in the capital.\"Take their (the couple) address and provide them security,\" Justice S P Garg told the police, acting on the newly-wed couple's plea that parents and relatives of the bride, who did not approve their marriage, were threatening them and they feared for their lives. The petition said that the man married the woman June 6 after she \"willingly converted to Islam\".The petition, filed through lawyer M M Khan, informed HC that the couple were major and married \"out of their own free will\" but the girl's parents did not approve their marriage as it was an inter-religion marriage. The couple said that's the reason why they had to run away from their native state.During the hearing, the counsel for Delhi Police however told HC that the couple did not live at the address given in the petition, after which Justice Garg disposed of the petition asking them to furnish the actual address to the police to enable it provide security to them.The youth, who was in love with the Rampur-based girl, married her on June 6 here after she \"willingly\" converted to Islam, the petition said, saying that the couple \"wants to lead a happy married life. It is, however, not possible for them to live peacefully without proper protection. They are being forced to keep changing their shelter...,\" it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14035167", "title": "CBI probing BSNL scam; searches officials' home", "text": "BHOPAL: CBI sleuths on Monday searched residences of BSNL Bhopal's former executive engineer (electrical), Gwalior junior telecom officer (electrical) and a contractor and seized incriminating documents relating to a Rs 40 lakh scam.BSNL executive engineer R K Tripathi's residence in Bhopal and houses of JTO Ravikant Mishra and contractor Govind Agrawal in Gwalior were searched, officials said.The two BSNL officers had allegedly entered into a conspiracy with Agrawal and abused their official position by making excessive payment to him by forging documents. The contractor was awarded work at 56 sites in Shivpuri and Bhind districts, they added.On May 15 last, CBI had registered a case against the accused on the charge of forgery and criminal conspiracy and relevant sections of Prevention of Corruption Act 1988. After obtaining search warrant from the special CBI court, the agency sleuths carried out the search operation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14036440", "title": "Government wants Mumbai development model in smaller towns", "text": "MUMBAI: With families hunting for their dream homes in smaller towns in Mumbai's periphery owing to soaring realty prices and paucity of space here, the state government has decided to amend norms to ensure \"planned\" development of these new pockets.The government plans to apply building byelaws applicable in Mumbai and other municipal corporations to towns categorized as A, B, C municipal councils.A government-appointed panel of town planning experts has recommended extension of floor space index (FSI), transfer of development rights (TDR), free-of-FSI, and fungible FSI norms, which are currently applicable to only municipal corporations, to municipal councils.The state urban development department has accepted the report, and has submitted a proposal for approval to CM Prithviraj Chavan, who also heads the UD portfolio. As per the proposal, uniform building byelaws will be formulated for these areas. Presently, building proposals in these areas are regulated on the basis of 1976 building byelaw norms. The concept of TDR and other parameters like fire safety regulations, among others were not in place at that time. A senior state official said that the width of the road was the sole basis on which permissions were granted.However, with urbanisation rapidly spreading in these areas, the source said, the need for revised the building byelaws code was felt. In its report, the committee has recommended an FSI of 1 for plots on either side of roads having a width of less than 15 m. Additional 10-20% FSI for plots abutting wider roads (15m to 24 m) has been recommended. With the trend for constructing high-rises reflected in these regions too, the committee has also recommended allowing 20% additional FSI for amenities like staircase, lift, and lobby on payment of premium, and granting areas like terraces free of FSI.Like in Mumbai, a no-objection certificate from the fire department would be necessary for high-rises. Higher FSI has been recommended for the construction of schools and hospitals. The UD department has submitted the proposal after inviting suggestions and objections on the committee's report.The provision to collect premium for additional FSI components will bring more revenue to the state government.CM is expected to approve the proposal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14041092", "title": "'Counting potholes a futile act, Bruhanmumbai Municipal Corporation should focus on prevention, not cure'", "text": "Experts have slammed the BMC's annual pothole-counting exercise, saying the civic body should concentrate on prevention rather than cure.Standing Technical Advisory Committee chairman N V Merani said, \"The BMC should focus on preventive measures like inspection of roads, rather than spending its energy on pothole repairs. Through inspection, which should begin in January, senior road officials should be able to foresee the condition of roads. The exercise should also be carried out during other non-monsoon months.\"The civic administration's pothole repair budget this year is Rs 56 crore. Last year, it had raised it from Rs 40 crore to Rs 60 crore. This time around, the BMC has made it compulsory for all 12 pothole-repair contractors to form joint ventures with the suppliers of four pre-decided cold-mix technologies: Wonder Patch, Patchmaker, Road Bond and Carboncor. Till now, pothole repairs were done with hot-mix technologies.Pothole-tracking is done with a GPS-based technology, wherein photographs of potholes are uploaded on a BMC website by people through android phones. BMC sub-engineers, too, upload photographs of potholes, and also assign repair work to contractors. After a pothole is filled up, its status is changed on the website.The civic body has spent Rs 10 lakh on acquiring android phones and 3G data cards for sub-engineers in each ward. For every ward, a team of six, comprising five sub-engineers and one assistant engineer, has been formed to work on pothole repairs. It is these teams that went through Monday's pothole list, approving 1,167, rejecting 85 and reserving decision on seven.A review meeting of major and minor road works will be held on Tuesday to discuss whether deadlines need to be further extended. The BMC is using the delay in the onset of the monsoon to clear roads of debris and making them motorable, an official said. Till June 10, the BMC had to complete work on 40 concrete roads, 92 asphalt roads and 172 minor roads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14039348", "title": "Republican Party of India takes to streets for memorial", "text": "MUMBAI: Republican Party of India (RPI) workers demonstrated across the city on Monday in support of their demand to construct Dr B R Ambedkar memorial on Dadar's Indu Mill plot.While party workers demonstrated on the Western Express Highway (WEH), between Jogeshwari and Goregaon, bringing the traffic to a brief halt, another band of RPI members gathered at Borivli railway station and brought the rail traffic to a 15-minute halt. Nearly 250 party activists were arrested. Six workers trying to burn a tyre in Mulund were arrested and released after signing a personal bond. The Navghar police detained five members on Sunday night as preventive measures.RPI chief Ramdas Athavale led a demonstration in Worli and similar protests were seen in Ghatkopar, Chembur, Bainganwadi and Navi Mumbai.\"The party has demanding that the plot be acquired by the state to construct the memorial of international standards. While PM Manmohan Singh has accepted the proposal in principle,The Centre has done nothing to acquire the land,, which is in possession of the National Textile Corporation,\" said Athavale.Accusing the state government of not keeping its word,\"Several months ago, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan led an all-party delegation to the PM. However,The DF government is not keen on fulfilling its promise. They came to power with dalit support, but now they have forgotten the community,, which is in possession of the National Textile Corporation\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14042377", "title": "Priests want houses near temples", "text": "MYSORE: Priests attached to muzrai institutions on Monday have urged the government to extend benefits like housing and BPL card to them.\"There is no housing facility near the temples the priests are attached to, and this is inconveniencing them,\" they said, seeking houses in the vicinity of places of worship. Karnataka State Muzrai Temples' Archka Agamika and Employees' Association president Srivatsa said the priests are facing difficulties in the absence of facilities. The priests have been facing tough times after the land attached to the temples were distributed among the poor following the promulgation of Land Reforms Act.The Association is holding a meet on Wednesday at Jaganmohan Palace auditorium. Prominent seers of various mutts and ministers, including S A Ramdas, V Somanna, Shobha Karandlaje, will attend the meet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14044438", "title": "'Octroi issue, land scarcity, deterring business growth in Nashik'", "text": "NASHIK: Non-availability of land for the industry and the presence of octroi are affecting industrial growth in Nashik; these are the major reasons why new industries are hesitant to set up in Nashik district, said Pradeep Bhargava, chairman, Confederation of Indian Industry (CII), Western Region at a CII meeting held in the city recently.Shedding light on the city's natural advantages for industry, Pradeep Bhargava was in Nashik to hold a meeting of the Nashik chapter of CII.Speaking to mediapersons after the meet, Bhargava said that Nashik was known for its pleasant climatenot only in Maharashtra, but across the country and it also had good rail road connectivity and abundant water and power.\"Nashik is also emerging as an educational hub as the number of engineering and management colleges is increasing here. Despite these advantages, industry has not developed within the city as rapidly as it should have. Not a single large industry came to Nashik over the last many years because of the non-availability of land for industry and due to the octroi issue,\" Bhargava said.He pointed out that the Satpur and Ambad industrial areas were already saturated, making it difficult for new industry to enter. and there is no additional land available for new industry wanting to set up base in Nashik. Besides, there are many industries, which only bought land, or are not operational for many years, or are under litigation.\"That is why most new investment went to Aurangabad, Pune and Kolhapur, but not to Nashik, in Maharashtra,\" Bhargava added.Secondly, octroi is the major hurdle and that is why new industries have not come to Nashik in the past many years.The industrialist also explained why octroi was a deterrent for entrepreneurs. \"Octroi causes around 3% rise in production cost. Hence, it is necessary to cancel octroi and do away with the octroi check-post culture,\" he said. We had several times approached the government to cancel octroi in Maharashtra, but it did not. Nashik will definitely Pradeep Bhargava said.He also stressed the need of amendment in contract labour and mathadi act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "14044158", "title": "Twin murder the fallout of a football tournament dispute", "text": "MALAPPURAM: It was a dispute over a football tournament in Kuniyil that had led to the killing of Kuruvangadan Atheeq Rahman (32), son of Umar Musliar from Chemrakottur, on January 6.Accused in the case, Kolakkadan Azad (37) and his brother Kolakkadan Abdul Rahman alias Kunhappu (42), were stabbed by a gang at Kuniyil near Areekode in Malappuram district on Sunday night. The duo succumbed to their injuries on Monday morning.Police have registered cases against 11 persons, including Eranad MLA P K Basheer of the Muslim League, in connection with the twin murder, on Monday.Atheeq was killed in the midst of a large crowd that had gathered to watch the football match at a ground near the Kuniyil bazaar at 9pm on January 6. The killing was preceded by two weeks of tension in the Kuniyil region following a dispute between two clubs over organizing a football tournament at the grama panchayat ground.The dispute between the clubs had forced the panchayat to deny permission to organize tournament in the ground. This denial of permission aggravated the tension and culminated in the murder.Some locals say personal animosity between the groups had led to the killing of Atheeq Rahman. There was power failure in the area at the time of the attack on Rahman. Local people had alleged that it was a planned attack. The police, however, have ruled out the personal animosity angle. It is said that the Muslim League and certain local organizations had carried out an intense campaign to collect money to support the family of Atheeq Rahman. Flex boards and banners with the photos of Rahman and his two children were also used for the campaign.MLA P K Basheer had inaugurated the function organized to distribution the financial aid to the family of Atheeq at Kuniyil on June 3. During his speech at the function, he had urged the people to act against the quotation gangs that were active in Areekode and Kuniyil regions. He had also said then that such gangs would be eliminated from the region to save the people from violence, it is alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "ferozepur", "code": "14038229", "title": "Former sarpanch fakes HC order", "text": "FEROZEPUR: After fake Indian currency, certificates, passports, stamp papers and land documents, now a curious case of fake court order has surfaced. A 'stay order' by the Punjab and Haryana high court in favour of a former sarpanch from Ratale Bet village under Zira block has been found to be fake by Ferozepur police.After verifying authenticity of the order, the district administration has now asked the police to register a case against Sukhpal Singh, former sarpanch of Ratale Bet village. Giving details of the case, deputy commissioner S Karuna Raju said Sukhpal Singh, a former sarpanch of Ratale Bet village, against whom a case was registered for misuse of panchayat funds and was later suspended, in order to escape being charged, arranged the fake order 'staying' proceedings in the case.Following a tip-off that the court order submitted by the former sarpanch was fake, the matter was probed by the high courts and it was found that the 'stay order' pronounced by the court on December 5, 2011, a copy of which was submitted by Sukhpal Singh, was a faked one.Taking strong note of the matter, the deputy commissioner has asked the district police to register a case against the former sarpanch. The police are investigating the matter further. However, Sukhpal Singh could not be contacted as his mobile phone remained 'switched off'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14037763", "title": "Kolkata boy arrested for sending 'lewd' SMSs, released", "text": "PANAJI: A 23-year-old BSc student from Bangalore, Debjyoti Bishwas, was arrested by the Porvorim police on Monday for sending threatening and vulgar messages to a student from Porvorim. Police sources said that Bishwas was arrested under the Information Technology Act and was later released on bail. Bishwas hails from Kolkata and is studying in Bangalore.Police said that Bishwas was instigated by a woman from Porvorim- who was arrested for her involvement in the case in May- to send the messages to Allan Rocha. \"We sent Bishwas a message to appear before the Porvorim police for an investigation through his friend who stays in Porvorim. On Monday, Bishwas appeared at the police station for an inquiry,\" said police sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14040181", "title": "Local bodies poll: Police gear up to ensure peaceful voting", "text": "LUCKNOW: In order to ensure peaceful elections for the local bodies, police action has been initiated against over 7,000 persons in a special drive launched the state capital since Saturday.Lucknow district police chief Ashutosh Pandey said that of the total of 556 polling stations in the city, as many as 274 of them have been identified as hyper-sensitive while another 272 have been listed as sensitive. This apart, 28 deputy superintendents of police, 208 sub-inspectors, 345 head constables, 4,490 constables, 342 lady constables , 6,000 home guards, and 1,112 police recruits will be deployed to ensure peace on the polling day. As many as 16 companies of Provincial Armed Constabulary (PAC) and 2 companies of Rapid Action Force (RAF) will also be on poll duty to maintain order.About the police action initiated in connection with violation of the model code of conduct, a criminal case has been lodged against the supporters of a candidate from Kaiserbagh ward, while 6,230 posters; 2,068 banners and 1,200 hoarding have either been seized or removed for violation of the model code in the city during the last three days.Action has been initiated against 162 persons against whom non bailable warrants were pending with the district police. Another 4,307 persons, who have been involved in scuffles, assaults and group clashes in the recent past, have been bound down by the city magistrate court.They have submitted written declarations that they would not resort to breach of peace irrespective of the provocation else they will be liable to a fine of Rs 1 lakh or more. tnn Another 2,890 persons against whom criminal cases have been lodged in the recent past, have submitted declarations to restrain themselves from any activity that may lead to disruption of peace failing which they will be liable to heavy fines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "14042516", "title": "Police yet to trace kidnapped dam workers", "text": "JORHAT: More than 24 hours after 16 dam workers were kidnapped from Manja area in Karbi Anglong district on Sunday afternoon, police are still clueless about their whereabouts.Security forces engaged in the operation on Monday said a search operation covering all the nooks and corners of the hill district was on, but no information has been received so far on the whereabouts of those kidnapped\"The police, CRPF Cobra Force and the Army are carrying out a joint operation at all probable locations in the district to rescue the abducted persons, but we have found nothing so far,\" said superintendent of police (Karbi Anglong) B B Chetry.He added, \"Karbi Anglong is a big hill district in terms of geographical size and all areas are not easily accessible due to the bad road network. The kidnappers are taking advantage of the remoteness of the district. But our operation is on and we expect to rescue the victims soon.\"The police officer said suspected Karbi Peoples Liberation Tigers (KPLT) militants kidnapped 16 workers of a hydel project at Longlit area under Manja police station in Karbi Anglong on Sunday.Locals said a heavily-armed militant group arrived at the spot and took the workers away by force towards the hills. The reason behind the abduction has not been ascertained yet because the authorities of the company engaged in the dam work haven't received any extortion demands until now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "14034327", "title": "BPL ration scam accused arrested", "text": "BAHRAICH: Ekauna police on Monday confirmed the black marketing of the ration of the BPL card holders during the investigation, which was conducted on court's order. The police have registered the case and arrested the accused and later sent him to jail. The ration scam is being estimated to be worth Rs1.25 crore.Reportedly the ration quota operator Swamidayal of Shivdaha village under Payagpur block did not distribute the ration to the 650 BPL card holders since 2005 to 2010.The administrative committee of the village panchayat filed the complaint to district magistrate and chief secretary Uttar Pradesh government in 2011.The deputy collector constituted a team comprising three members, which completed the probe into the matter and the irregularity in the ration distribution was confirmed. Later the quota license was also cancelled, but no action was taken for the recovery of ration of five years.Consequently 114 BPL card holders of the gram panchayat led by Ramrasiley went to the court and the upper civil judge ordered police to probe into the scam. A case has been registered against the ration quota operator Swamidayal. The station officer (SO) KK Pandey told that the accused Swamidayal has been arrested and sent to jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14034407", "title": "Cheteshwar Pujara all set for extended Test run", "text": "NEW DELHI: India A captain Cheteshwar Pujara , currently touring the West Indies, has a very bright chance of booking a place in India's Test team for the home series against New Zealand, according to sources.The Saurashtra batsman, who was down with a knee injury and missed out on a majority of the last domestic season, is all set to be rewarded for his superb performances in the Caribbean.Pujara has scored three consecutive fifties on the tour so far in difficult batting conditions.The Indian cricket board ( BCCI ) is even convinced Pujara is the right man to step into the big shoes of Rahul Dravid . \"He could have been a part of India's Test team on recent tours but wasn't considered because he was unfit. Right now, he is batting well and should be picked for Tests,\" a source told TOI, adding: \"Fitting into Dravid's shoes is not easy but Pujara has started off well. He will certainly get a longer run to prove his credential at the highest level.\"India are supposed to play 10 Tests between August 2012 and March 2013 involving New Zealand, England and Australia. Pujara has played three Tests so far, having made his debut against Australia in 2010.In the second innings, he made a solid 72 as India won the match by seven wickets. Pujara has 4533 runs from 62 first-class matches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "biharsharif", "code": "14035720", "title": "Kisan Credit Card scam unearthed in Nalanda district", "text": "BIHARSHARIF: The Nalanda district administration has unearthed a huge scam in the distribution of Kisan Credit Card (KCC) scheme in which touts allegedly with the support of bank officials fraudulently withdrew several lakhs of rupees using fake land possession certificates during 2009-10 financial year from the Hilsa branch of Allahabad bank.On receiving complaints of large scale fraud in KCC from villagers of Hilsa block in the district, Nalanda DM Sanjay Kumar Agarwal directed the bank manager of the bank concerned to verify the land possession certificates, on the basis of which active gang of criminals with the help of bank officials reportedly withdrew Rs 57 lakh duping the villagers during a single financial year.Villagers from several villages in the Hilsa block area, who were believed to have been duped by middlemen said, \"They took their photographs for KCC and without taking their signatures on relevant papers made land possession certificates in their names using fake seal of the circle officer concerned and withdrew the fund with the help of bank officials and employees.\" DM Nalanda Sanjay Kumar Agarwal not only directed to lodge FIRs against 92 people for duping the bank and harassing the villagers, but also directed the banks concerned to thoroughly verify all LPCs.Terming the issue extremely sensitive, DM Sanjay Kumar Agarwal said, \"All those found guilty cannot avoid punishment as the government sincerely protects the interest of the farmers and anyone who tries to create any hindrances in the process will not be spared.\"Annoyed villagers of Sultanpur, who too have been duped by the touts said, \"It is just a tip of the iceberg. They also said that a proper inquiry in the matter may reveal that crores of rupees have been swindled away by middlemen and bank employees in the district.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14037567", "title": "Petition challenges 'criminal' clause", "text": "PANAJI: A petition has been filed before the high court of Bombay at Goa challenging a clause in the beach shack policy that denies allotment of shacks to any person having a criminal record.The high court has directed the government to file its reply by June 15.The petition filed by Bernardo Silveira came up for hearing on Monday before a division bench of Justice A P Lavande and Justice U V Bakre. The petitioner has challenged the clause in the shack policy framed by the former government.Silveira, who has been banned by the tourism department from bidding for a shack licence for the next three years because of a pending criminal case against him, has termed the clause unconstitutional.Silveira's advocate Abhijeet Kamat argued that the clause only applies if the person has been convicted for the crime.It should not be wrongly interpreted to include any pending criminal case against a person, Kamat argued. Advocate general Atmaram Nadkarni told the court that the government had recently announced that it would come up with a new beach shack policy by the end of July.He pointed out that the petitioner's grievances might be addressed in the new policy. The AG thereafter prayed for time to file a reply to the writ petition.The bench then directed the state government to file a reply by June 15. The petition will be heard next on July 9.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14044797", "title": "Plants swaying in the breeze may actually be conversing", "text": "LONDON: Plants swaying in breeze may actually be conversing with each other as they not only respond to sound but also communicate actively by 'clicking' noises, a new research has claimed.Scientists at Bristol University used powerful loudspeakers to listen to corn saplings, and heard clicking sounds coming from their roots. It is yet more evidence that while they appear to be passively swaying in breeze, plants are in fact actively communicating with each other in a constant chatter.When they suspended their roots in water and played a continuous noise at a similar frequency to the clicks, they found the plants grew towards it. Plants are known to grow towards light, and research earlier this year from Exeter University found cabbage plants emitted a volatile gas to warn others of danger such as caterpillars or garden shears.But the researchers say this is the first solid evidence they have their own language of noises, inaudible to human ears, the Daily Mail reported. Their study is published in the journal Trends in Plant Science.Daniel Robert, a biology professor at Bristol, said: \"These noisy little clicks have the potential to constitute a channel of communication between the roots.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14037299", "title": "Petition seeks regulation of taxi, autorickshaw fares", "text": "CHENNAI: A public interest writ petition seeking a direction to the state government to take steps to curb the public nuisance caused by taxis, autorickshaws and share autorickshaws in the state, and to fix fares for these vehicles, has been filed in the Madras high court.The petitioner, N Murugesan of Chennai, also wanted drivers of these vehicles to be directed to display information on the owners and drivers in the respective vehicles themselves. He also wanted the authorities to identify autorickshaw/taxi pickup points in various areas, so that these small commercial vehicles would not obstruct free flow of vehicular and pedestrian traffic.The first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam, pointing out that the petition had been filed directly in court, asked the petitioner to make suitable representation before the transport commissioner, who should take action in accordance with law.Referring to media reports, Murugesan submitted that autorickshaws and taxis were involved in several crimes besides a litany of road rule violations. Blaming the authorities for not fixing or updating fare structures for these vehicles, he said the absence of designated pickup points choked roads at peak hours.He wanted the court to direct the transport department to regulate the fares of autorickshaws and taxis, and direct the regional transport authorities to implement government order dated May 10, 2007 making display of credentials of the drivers and owners, besides permit numbers.Murugesan further stated that harassment of tourists, office-goers and students by autorickshaw/taxi drivers was common.To put an end to all these social issues, the government must regulate the trade and infuse better discipline among drivers, it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14038124", "title": "Previous govt's job letters must be honoured: Vijai Sardesai", "text": "Fatorda MLA Vijai Sardesai has said that he will take up the cause of youth who were earlier offered jobs as field supervisors by the mines department, but now face the prospects of being denied employment by the current BJP government. A group of persons who were offered appointment letters by the government before the March assembly elections met Sardessai at his residence on Monday urging him to take up the issue with the chief minister. Speaking to TOI, Sardesai said he would urge chief minister Manohar Parrikar to ensure that the candidates are recruited. \"The 230 posts of field supervisors were required to be filled as they were to be posted in the mines with a view to keep a tab on illegal mining. The government should recruit all these candidates as otherwise it would mean that the government is not serious about controlling illegal mining,\" Sardesai said.Proposal for mini water purification plant: Bicholim MLA Naresh Sawal has submitted a proposal to chief minister Manohar Parrikar for a mini water purification water plant, having a capacity of 2 MLD, at the Amthane dam in Bicholim. \"The chief minister has agreed to consider our proposal, which aims at tackling the problem of water solution which is the need of the hour,\" said the Sawal. The MLA also brought to the chief minister's notice that unlike other areas from Bicholim taluka, Sal Dhumasem, Wadawal, Dhangarwada and surrounding areas do not receive water from Assonora and Padoshem plants. With this purification plant about 3,000 houses from these areas will get water continuously, added Sawal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14051344", "title": "Vijay in action despite injury", "text": "Ilayathalapathy Vijay's action thriller Thuppaki is going fast on heels amidst hurdles. Recently on the sets of Thuppaki, the actor got his knee injured while jumping from a height.But the debacle did not stall the Nanban star from continuing the shoots. The Ilayathalapathy completed his portions despite hurting his knee. Sources say that Vijay's leg slipped when he jumped and as he was not wearing a knee-pad got hurt badly. However, amidst severe pain the actor unwilling to stop the shoots has completed his portions. Now, the star is in London for treatment and the shoots will be wrapped up once he returns to India. Thuppaki directed by AR Murugadoss is a gangster flick set in the backdrops of Mumbai. Produced by Kalaipuli S Dhanu the movie features Kajal Agarwal, Vidyut Jamal, Akshara Gowda and others in the cast. Source: cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14036856", "title": "Rare Hunter syndrome haunts Kolkata boy", "text": "KOLKATA: Afflicted with a rare disease that requires a fortune to treat, the parents of a 10-year-old boy in Shibpur, Howrah, are groping in the dark even as their son gradually slips into an abyss.Arian Chowdhury is suffering from the Hunter syndrome, a genetic disease caused by mutation that leads to deposition of biomolecules in cells. As cells get progressively clogged, organs begin to fail, causing death. One in 2,00,000 suffers from the disease. Except in developed nations, most patients die young with parents unable to afford the lifelong treatment of Rs 1 crore a year.In severe cases, children survive till 11-12 years. Arian's case is less severe. Doctors say he may live till 17-18. \"His bones have become stiff and he is unable to bend his fingers or toes. There is facial deformity and his liver has enlarged. But his brain is still fine. The only way to arrest his condition is by injecting a critical enzyme that is deficient in his body,\" said child specialist and Institute of Child Health director Apurba Ghosh.Enzyme replacement therapy is now available for the syndrome. But the vials are too expensive for any individual to afford the treatment that costs around Rs 2 lakh a week. Arian's father Sib Sankar Chowdhury, who has a modest job in a private firm, has written to all, including drug manufacturer Shire US Manufacturing Inc and to the state government. But there has been no response from any quarter.\"It feels so helpless to see Arian's condition deteriorate, more so knowing there is a treatment available. The cost is so enormous that we can't expect it to be met by individual benevolence. Only the government can urge the drug firm to be more generous,\" said Chowdhury.While he has become stoic after learning about their son's disease in 2006, his wife Debjani is unable to come to terms with their son's short life and prolonged death. \"How can we give up on our boy?\" she wondered aloud. Though they can conceive another child and get a pre-natal test done to ensure it does not suffer from the disease, neither parent is willing to think beyond Arian.Arian, their only child, was born on 24 February 2002. It was when he turned two that a local homeopathic doctor heard a wheezing sound from the heart and suspected a cyst. A visit to the local cardiologist and an eco-cardiography revealed that one of the four valves in the heart was thicker than the rest.The couple then took their child to a specialist in Rabindranath Tagore International Institute of Cardiac Sciences, where a third visit to paediatric surgeon Biswajit Bandyopdhyay revealed the problem was not in the heart but elsewhere and he referred the case to Ghosh.As soon as Ghosh saw Arian he knew he again had the dreaded syndrome case in his hands. He immediately referred the case to Christian Medical College in Vellore. There, a 24-hour urine test confirmed the syndrome. But to know the missing enzyme, the Chowdhurys had to take their child to Sir Gangaram Hospital in Delhi, where a test found that iduramate-2-sulphatate was the missing enzyme.The news that a treatment is available brought joy but was short-lived when they learnt how prohibitive the cost was. \"There are two types of views about rare diseases: one is that patients should be treated as individuals and not commodities; the other is that given the multiple problems in India, the state cannot spare scarce resources on individuals. It is difficult to buy the latter when thousands of crores of rupees are lost in corruption. Arian does deserve a future and our political leaders owe it to them,\" said Ghosh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14038182", "title": "Accused in explosives case escapes cops net", "text": "CHENNAI: A quarry owner, prime accused in the seizure of explosives near Chengalpet on Saturday, escaped a police dragnet on Sunday. Police raided the Tambaram house of Antony Goman minutes after he fled. His luxury car was seized.On Saturday, a police team tracking an ammonium nitrate-laden truck stumbled upon the godown and seized 17 tonnes of ammonium nitrate, 350 electrical detonators, 400 detonator cables, 120 gelatin sticks and boosters used to trigger explosions.Krishnan, 65, who runs the firm that supplied the chemical, his son Jeeva, 25, aide Saravanan, lorry driver Ganesan and lorry cleaner Adhi Narayanan were arrested and a hunt launched for Goman and three others.\"We will question Krishnan to find if he had sold the chemical to other quarry owners,\" a police officer said.An official from the petroleum and explosives safety organization, formerly the department of explosives, said: \"Ammonium nitrate has a special quality \u2014 it can be used as an explosive. In most cases, petrol, diesel or kerosene is used to trigger the chemical. The Centre is planning to bring a bill to declare ammonium nitrate an explosive.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14044340", "title": "Sonia De\u2019s death caused Zahir Rana\u2019s downfall?", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Did eunuch leader Sonia De's death cause the second downfall for Zahir Rana? This is what Navrangpura police investigators \u2014 probing fraud complaints against him \u2014 are saying. Rana is accused of Rs 68.40 lakh con. Rana has told cops that De was asked to recover Rs 8 lakh from him by one of his employees. When Rana failed to pay up, De grabbed some papers of property worth Rs 50 lakh from him. These papers were seized by the city police when De was murdered in November 2011 in a turf war with another eunuch group.R N Gadhavi, sub-inspector of Navrangpura police station, told TOI that police had brought in Rana for questioning six days ago. \"Rana claims that he had invested heavily on a plotting scheme at Koyla village near Nal Sarovar,\" Gadhavi said.\"His initial plan was to sell off the real estate and pump in the money into the investment business. Thus, he would get deposits that could go into real estate and the returns from that investment would be used to pay the interest . The cycle, however , broke down in 2011.\" Once Rana's name cropped up, investors started pulling out the money. He had already made huge investments in real estate and without sales, he could not recover the money . \"When he was unable to pay the money back, one of his own employees contacted Sonia De to recover Rs 8 lakh for him,\" said Gadhavi.\"De barged into Rana's house in Juhapura and got Rs 3 lakh on the spot in October 2011. When Rana offered her a property deed as a guarantee, she snatched the entire bunch from him and asked him to take them back when the payment was made. In November, she was shot dead by Sanju De's men near Roopalee cinema.\"Police had recovered the bunch of documents from a safe at Sonia De's residence during subsequent investigation and the papers are still a part of police records. Rana said that using the papers as guarantee, he can raise the money to pay back complainants and clear his name. \"We have sought details of Rana's investments, his properties and liabilities. We are verifying his statement and are also trying to recover the money,\" said P M Sarvaiya, PI of Navrangpura.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14042374", "title": "MA students stage protest seeking level-playing field", "text": "MYSORE: Students studying MA (political science) are upset with their counterparts in the department of studies in public administration at University of Mysore.On Monday, political science students staged a protest, boycotting exams and prevented public administration students from writing their exams. UoM authorities, who have stepped in, said that they will conduct re-exam for them later in the month.The grouse of political science students is that public administration is considered on a par with political science in competitive exams, which, they contended, puts them in a disadvantageous position.\"As the exam started at the Humanities Block in Manasa Gangotri, political science students boycotted the exams, and arrived at the hall where public administration students were writing exams and disrupted the exams,\" police said. They locked the office and classrooms of the public administration department, they stated. Later, public administration students launched a counter-protest. However, they too were sent out of the premises.Re-exam promisedWhen contacted, registrar (evaluation) B Ramu said the issue is at a discussion stage at the higher education council. UoM will conduct re-exam for the students, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14024524", "title": "Performance counts but glamour is important: Saina Nehwal", "text": "NEW DELHI: On Sunday, ace Indian shuttler Saina Nehwal played tough and hard, changed her strategies and manoeuvres to clinch the Thailand Open title, giving India another reason to smile and celebrate. Her win comes close on the heels of Sania Mirza and Mahesh Bhupathi's victory at the French Open. \"I'm very happy with this title,\" she says. This win comes as a boost ahead of the Olympic Games. \"Olympics training will begin only later. My immediate focus is to win the Indonesia Open next week,\" she adds.Sunday's match was a tough one, the shuttler admits. \"My Thai opponent (Ratchanok Inthanon) had very good strategy and she was very alert and aggressive. She played some good shots and I got into the rhythm very late. I did get better when I was 17-19, but then I made a small mistake which cost me the first game,\" she analyses. In the second game, the tide turned in the favour of the top-seeded Indian. \"I got my confidence back. I decided to play longer rallies and that worked well. I slowed down the game because Ratchanok was very good with the fast shots,\" she shares.She was trending on social networking sites after her victory, but the shuttler seemed unaware of the congratulatory tweets and messages. \"It's nice to know that there's so much support back home. I spoke to my parents first thing after the match. My father has been my source of support and strength. Even my coach P Gopichand has worked very hard,\" she says, adding, \"He is also planning a good training programme for the Olympics.\"In a tournament, every minute aspect makes a difference and impact \u2014 from the strategy to a player's fitness. \"We need good support in terms of physiotherapists, analysts, etc. In badminton, things are improving and we have a great physiotherapist and analyst with us,\" Saina says.Lately, the focus in sports has gone beyond just cricket. \"It's obviously not as much as cricket, but yes, all sports are doing well now. Badminton has grown in the last five-six years. There is support from sponsors as well as the government. Because of the government support, we are able to play every tournament,\" she adds.Sports, be it cricket, badminton or tennis, can't stay away from glamour. The shuttler agrees. \"Performance counts but glamour is as important. People watch a sport also because they like a particular player. Especially in India, if a sportsperson looks good, he or she easily gets a lot of ads and media coverage,\" she says. \"So many sports people don't get recognized because they don't look good. That is sad and should change. I don't take care of myself, but I thank God that I'm blessed with good looks. Now with the Olympics coming up, it's great to see equal coverage being given to all the participating Indian sportspersons,\" she adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14042828", "title": "Stealing water may land you in trouble", "text": "KOLKATA: Those caught pilfering water from drinking water pipelines will face the heat soon. The state government is preparing to pass an act on this in the next monsoon session. All agencies, including NGOs and research establishments, will also have to seek permission from the Public Health Engineering (PHE) department before tapping ground water, particularly in arsenic and fluoride-affected parts of the state. This was announced by Subrata Mukherjee, minister in charge of the PHE department, on Monday.\"There are several agencies involved in tapping ground water. Some of them distribute it to locals after 'treatment'. Others conduct research. Now, there are several departments in the government dealing in ground water but there is no monitoring of the agencies. We will pass an act that will empower the PHE department to monitor the actions of all agencies. Under this act, those caught pilfering drinking water from pipelines will also be punished. It will be considered a criminal offence,\" Mukherjee said.When pointed out that the West Bengal Water Resources (Management) Control Act, 2005, already exists, the minister said that this does not deal exclusively with drinking water and hasn't achieved much in controlling the several agencies working in arsenic and fluoride-affected blocks.\"This Act won't infringe upon the rights of research bodies. In fact, they will be welcome to use our research facility that we are setting up on 9 acre in Joka. The National Institute for Arsenic and Water Quality Management is expected to be completed in 24 months. The Centre has allotted Rs 50 crore for this in the first phase. It will be a joint effort of the Centre, state and the United Nations . We shall also bring in patients to carry out research at this one of a kind set-up in the country. I also feel that steps should be taken to monitor the use of ground water for agriculture. After all, the agricultural produce is also getting laced with arsenic and the consumers are getting affected. So far, 79 blocks are under threat,\" the minister said.The state government had asked for Rs 1,000 crore from the Centre this time around for arsenic- mitigation projects. The Centre has already released Rs 110 crore in May, Mukherjee said. According to him, much progress has been made and the arsenic problem in the state will be solved to a large extent by 2020 as per the government's vision document.\"Our aim is to distribute clean water at a rate of 70 litre per capita per day to people by then. Wherever perennial sources of water are available, we shall tap them. Elsewhere, ground water sources will be tapped. Trouble is that we are strapped with some useless baggage of the past government. The laboratories that they set up are in bad shape. There are nearly 750 contractual employees who we can't get rid of or employ on a full time basis,\" Mukherjee said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "the british built connaught place from scratch in less than five years \u2014 1929-33 \u2014 but civic agencies tasked with redeveloping it have already spent more time on the job, and seem set to miss another deadline", "code": "14041641", "title": "Condemned place: CP bleeds to death", "text": "The British built Connaught Place from scratch in less than five years \u2014 1929-33 \u2014 but civic agencies tasked with redeveloping it have already spent more time on the job, and seem set to miss another deadline: December 2012. Even chief minister Sheila Dikshit's intervention has had no impact on the redevelopment project's pace, claim businessmen.In April, Dikshit had appointed a monitoring committee to review the progress of the project. Engineers India Limited (EIL), the contractor , was asked to expedite the work. Sources say the government has now asked Delhi Metro to assist New Delhi Municipal Council (NDMC) in \"planning the balance work and doing it in a phased manner\" .\"DMRC has expertise in underground construction work. It has constructed the underground Metro line in Connaught Place. It is also a member of the monitoring committee. NDMC and the contractor can consult it in planning the balance work and completing it in a time-bound manner,'' said a Delhi government official. SK Gupta, chief engineer (tenders), DMRC, said, \"The monitoring committee has asked us to help NDMC in the CP redevelopment project. They (NDMC and EIL) had asked our view on the service utility corridor. We have advised them to club all the utilities so that minimal cuts are made to complete the work. We have also suggested ways to reduce the time to complete the underground tunneling project.\"Many works are way behind schedule . Renovation of facades of all the blocks \u2014 the first project taken up under the redevelopment plan in 2007 \u2014 is yet to be completed. While NDMC officials claim the renovation is almost over, blocks in Inner Circle still look shabby. Sources say the original contractor had left 15 days before the Commonwealth Games in 2010. The plan to install focus lights outside each pillar is still on paper ; electric wires remain exposed. \"It is risky to walk in the outside corridor as wires are protruding from the ground,'' said Shweta Saxena, who has an export business in CP.Even completed works show signs of neglect. \"NDMC was supposed to deploy housekeeping staff for the maintenance of the renovated areas. Some of the blocks have employed their own people to keep the blocks clean. They should have done the work in a phased manner,'' said Atul Bhargava, president, New Delhi Traders' Association.At B-block in Middle Circle, 1.5-metre-wide pavements have to be built on both sides of the roads, but only a small portion has been completed. With electric and other service cables lying on both sides of the road and the entire area dug up, people have very little space to walk. Restaurants and other businesses are suffering huge losses. Rajesh Chugh of Nizam's claims one of his outlets in B-block gets no business. \"They have made no approach road to my restaurant . The contractor has dug up the area to lay sewer lines but left the work incomplete ,'' said Chugh, adding, \"The drain stinks as it is clogged with garbage . People don't want to come here.\"The entire Middle Circle and the radial roads are dug up. Construction sites are not barricaded properly. \"They have not barricaded the area properly. People can get hurt as large machines are being used here,'' said Aruna, an IT professional .With monsoon approaching, businessmen fear more waterlogging. \"They have not connected old sewer lines with the new ones. Last year, water had entered the showrooms. We fear this year will be no different,'' said Anil Khanna, owner of Jukaso Inn. But NDMC officials claim all sewer lines have been connected .NDMC spokesperson Amit Prasad said, \"The work is moving at a fast pace. It will be over by December. We have connected the old drainage lines with the new ones, so waterlogging will not be a problem this monsoon. We have also desilted adjoining areas.\"Businessmen say there are major design flaws which NDMC is not ready to rectify. \"The stairwells to the utility service tunnel have been constructed right outside the entrance of my guesthouse. They are constructing a pavement \u2014 1.5-metre-wide on both sides \u2014 in the Middle Circle. This will leave no space for parking,'' said Bhargava. But NDMC officials said the design was approved long back and cannot be changed now. \"They should be practical. There could be technical problems while implementing the design,'' said Khanna, adding, \"I have lost 70% business in the last five years. Most of my clients are foreigners, but now people don't want to live here.\"Even the work on subways is far from over. The one at Panchkuian Road was dug up nearly a year ago and is now used as a garbage dump.With the redevelopment unlikely to finish by December, businessmen are demanding suspension of property tax. \"We have lost 70% business in the last five years. The civic agency should exempt us from paying tax till the work is finished,'' said Bhargava.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14042587", "title": "Chandigarh to get automatic poultry processing plant", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The dream of an automatic poultry processing plant in the city may soon become reality as for the Rs 45-crore project, the civic body is planning to hire a consultant from National Meat and Poultry Board. It would cost about Rs 37 lakh for consultancy while for the release of funds for the entire project, the civic body will take the help of the centre and the Chandigarh administration. The matter will come up for a detailed discussion and approval before the finance and contract committee of the municipal corporation on Tuesday.As per the national policy, the hired consultant will first prepare a detailed preliminary project report regarding different option for machinery and equipments, architectural drawings, structural design, air conditioning services and maintenance of automatic poultry processing plant. Besides, he will also prepare a tender document supervising during execution and will also be engaged in mandatory approvals from different authorities required before and after commissioning of the processing plant. The consultant will also have to complete the entire process of his functioning within a period of six months and the allocation of funds has already being kept in the annual budget of the civic body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14043636", "title": "Kerala Water Authority's anti-theft squad hanging fire", "text": "KOCHI: The non-revenue water management wing (NRWM), a new body constituted by Kerala Water Authority (KWA) to check water theft, is yet to take off owing to staff shortage. Though KWA had decided to launch NRWM in Kochi, the government hasn't yet issued orders allotting it adequate number of staff.An executive engineer was expected to head NRWM, and his team was to have an assistant executive engineer, an assistant engineer, a head clerk, a UD clerk, overseers and meter-readers. The government has issued orders appointing an executive engineer to head the project, but the other members of the team are yet to be appointed. KWA authorities in Thiruvananthapuram had asked its Kochi division to send a list of all the major consumers in its jurisdiction.After going through details like supply and bills of these consumers, KWA authorities had found that hospitals, ice factories, apartments and hotels were illegally tapping water.NRWM, once it begins its work, is expected to assess water consumption by non-domestic consumers, especially big firms and institutions that normally require more quantity of water.\"Various devices to check leakage, as well as the flow of water, have already been sent to the Kochi office. These modern devices will help check leakage and theft with precision,\" KWA officials said.The team will make a primary assessment by checking the storage facilities in the listed firms and institutions.The meters of consumers suspected to be stealing water will be sealed. KWA will then make these consumers sign an undertaking that they will be responsible for any damage to the seal.Once the NRWM officials are appointed, they will be trained on how to use the new machines to check water theft.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14041304", "title": "Filmmakers cash in on Raja spirit", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Raja celebrations are in the air and so is the time for unabated revelry. The joy is incomplete if the revelers don't indulge is some very entertaining movies. Film-makers know this all too well and wait for this time of the year to release flicks that gel well with the festive spirit. \"Raja is fun time, particularly for girls. The girls are not allowed to do any physical labour and are supposed to spend time merry-making. Watching a movie is a must during the festival,\" said Sikha Suman, a school student.This year, three Odia movies will draw crowds to the theatre during Raja that starts from Wednesday. All three are based on time-tested formula of love story and family drama. 'Raja Jhia Sange Hoigala Bhaba', has already been released on Sunday in 25 cinema halls. The other two are 'Matric Fail, MA in Lovology'. and 'Idiot'. \"Though I and my friends have not decided which movie to watch, all the three films sound interesting,\" said Suman.Film producers and directors are busy with publicity campaigns and music launches to attract audiences to theatres. Sitaram Agrawala of Sarthak Production said, \"Like all our productions, 'Raja Jhia Sange Hoigala Bhaba', will also be a complete entertainer with love story and family drama. The music has also been very well done\". The lead actors are Arindam and Archita but the main attraction is the special appearance by veteran actor Maheswata Ray. The film is directed by Sudhansu Sahu and music composed by Premanand.Bidisha Craft made its debut with hit pair of Ollywood Anubhav and Barsha starrer 'Matric Fail, MA in Lovology'. The film is out and out a musical romantic film directed by choreographer-turned-director Sudhakar Basant. Abhijit Mojumdar is its music director. Giving a tough competition to these two love stories is 'Idiot' with Baushan and Riya in lead roles. The music of the film has been scored by Gudli Rath.But film buffs are skeptical about these movies because these are treading the beaten path when it comes to stories and themes. \"With no new story or theme, there is little chance of these films doing extraordinaryly well. However, since people come to watch movies during Raja, these films can attract some audience to cinema halls,\" said Ranjit Biswal, a film buff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14037446", "title": "Jaya demands more kerosene allocation for Tamil Nadu", "text": "CHENNAI: Reiterating her request for additional kerosene allocation, chief minister J Jayalalithaa on Monday urged Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to allot at least 52,806 kilolitres every month as against the state's requirement of 64,140 kl.\"As the kerosene requirement in Tamil Nadu's public distribution system is 64,140 kl per month, I once again request an allotment of at least 52,806 kl per month, which was the allotment at the time when my government assumed power in the state,\" she said in a letter to the PM. \"The sudden drastic reduction in kerosene allotment to the state from 52,806kl for April and May 2011, to 44,580kl in June 2011 caused great hardship. After the AIADMK government assumed charge, the allotment was further reduced to 39,429kl for the quarter April-June 2012, without any reason or logic,\" the chief minister wrote.Stating that the Centre has given a monthly allotment of 42,460 kl with an increase of just 3,031kl per month, she said, \"The increase in allotment is negligible when compared to the drastic reduction from 52,806kl in May 2011, to 44,580kl in June 2011, which was further reduced to 39,429kl from April 2012.\" She hoped that the PM will co-operate with her in \"mitigating the sufferings\" of the people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "madikeri", "code": "14042173", "title": "Rs 1,000 crore investment in Kodagu to boost tourism", "text": "MADIKERI: The recent Global Investors Meet in Bangalore is expected to benefit the Malnad district of Kodagu.Asia Pacific Industries Ltd has come forward to invest Rs 1,000 crore in the district, an industrially backward district in Karnataka.Speaking to TOI, the company director Vignesh confirmed that the company will invest in tourism. The schemes will be implemented under mini-hydel projects and will provide an impetus to tourism centres in Kodagu.Vignesh said Kodagu, which was attracting more tourists, needed more facilities .The state government has also given a green signal for these projects, Vignesh said.The projects will be implemented in Madikeri, Virajpet and Somwarpet districts on priority basis. During the implementation of these projects, environment will not be disturbed, he assured.Meanwhile, establishment of homestays and food processing units are also planned. The hydel projects will solve the power scarcity in the district, Vignesh analyzed.Preference will be given to unemployed youths in the district during new appointments, he added.Virajpet MLA and speaker K G Bopaiah and Madikeri MLA Appachu Ranjan have been encouraging investors to invest in Kodagu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14044634", "title": "First common testing Lab and tool unit for small &amp; medium enterprises in the offing in Nashik", "text": "NASHIK: With an aim to provide product testing and R&D; facilities exclusively for micro, small &amp; medium enterprises (MSMEs) across Nashik, the MSME Development Institute, Mumbai, under the ministry of MSME, has in principal approved the proposal for setting up a Testing Lab in Nashik city and a tool unit in Sinnar industrial estate, about 30 km away.The Testing Lab would be the first in Nashik district for MSMEs. The decision to this effect was taken by the MSME Development Institute at a meeting held in Nashik with Nashik Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (NIMA). Vijay Kumar , director MSMEDI, discussed the issue with NIMA President Dhananjay Bele and other office-bearers.\"The MSMEDI has in principal given its approval for the new Testing Lab and Tool Room. The project will be funded by the MSMEDI under its schemes for the development of SMEs in the country. The Testing Lab to be set up in Nashik is estimated to cost Rs. 25 crore. The Tool Unit will be set up at Sinnar industrial estate, near Nashik and it is estimated to cost at Rs. 9 crore,\" Dhananjay Bele, President, Nashik Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (NIMA) told TOI.The small and medium enterprises in Nashik are mostly based on auto and engineering industries. It will help them to test auto and engineering products at the testing lab, which will have all the advanced testing machines. Besides, the Lab will also have R&D; facilities for SMEs to design their products.The proposed Tool Unit will include all the expensive advanced tools and equipments, which small units are not able to afford individually. This will help SMEs to use or handle all the advanced tools or equipments.\"We will soon prepare a Detailed Project Report (DPR) for the Testing Lab and the Tool Room. We will soon appoint a consultant to chalk out DPR. The DPR, once it is ready, will be submitted to the MSMEDI and a Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV) will also be floated after the final approval of the project,\" Bele said.There is already an Engineering Cluster in Ambad MIDC in Nashik for all the industries, which provide various advanced facilities for industries, including CAD/CAM/CAE training centre, Rapid Prototyping, CNC Machining Centre, Specialised Heat Treatment, Inspection/Testing facility, Calibration Centre and common facilities.There are around 4,500 micro, small, medium and large industries in Satpur, Ambad and Sinnar areas of Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC). Of which, around 3,500 are micro and small industries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14041643", "title": "Doctors root for adoption over in vitro fertilization", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Following two cases of death of women who had been undergoing in vitro fertilization (IVF) elsewhere and had come to the PGI later, some doctors from government and private hospitals have formed a group to make families of infertile couples aware about the limitations of IVF after 45 years of age. The group includes a psychologist, four gynaecologists and a parent who had undergone several cycles of IVF and has now adopted a girl child. The group is working towards giving such couples an alternative \u2014 adoption of children.As Dr Lakhbir Dhaliwal, head of the gynaecology department in PGI said, \"People who are in their 50s and come for IVF must not be encouraged. We had two such women who died in our hospital recently and had undergone IVF somewhere else.\"When such cases come to the IVF clinics, it is seldom that doctors refuse the parents whose composite age comes to 90 or above. To curb this, likeminded city doctors and professionals have come together to counsel such parents on the adverse effects of undergoing such medical procedures after a particular age. Dr Umesh Jindal running an IVF clinic who initiated this awareness programme said, \"Going by the life expectancy it is not possible for a couple who have crossed their late 40s to give birth and raise their children. I have had cases where couples who are suitable to be grandparents came to me with a desire to become parents. There are so many orphans in need of parents. I have started asking such couples to adopt rather than go for these treatments.\"She informed, \"The peak fertility which is before the age of 30 years starts declining at the age of 35 and even more rapidly after 35 years.\"Besides Dr Dhaliwal and Dr Jindal, the group includes Dr Yash Bala and Dr Ruby Ahuja, gynaecologists.The group includes one of the mother's who underwent six cycles of IVF and also tried surrogacy. But she finally adopted a girl child. She is now 38 years old. The woman who did not want to be named said, \"I have undergone hell. But when we decided to adopt a child, I became a mother. After that I had children, but I lost them soon. The thought of adoption itself however proved to be a boon. Now I have been able to convince five such couples to adopt.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14038251", "title": "Tar balls hit Arossim beach", "text": "MARGAO: Tar balls have been surfacing on the coastline of Arossim for the last few days, causing anxiety among the locals and tourists frequenting the beach.The unsightly slimy black substance has been putting off the tourists enjoying the monsoon experience on the Goan beaches.Last month, tar balls had appeared on the Benaulim beach and they keep on resurfacing intermittently, locals pointed out. The phenomenon is largely witnessed before the onset of monsoon.While dumping of oil by passing ships is learnt to be the common cause for such a slick, the issue has been a cause of concern for the state government as frequent surfacing of tar balls on the shoreline can threaten the tourism activity on the beaches.A water sports operator at the Benaulim beach, popularly known as 'Pele' said, \"The occurrence of tar balls on the beach is turning out to be a real menace. We have got tired of telling the previous Congress government to do something about the ships that release oil near the coast that leads to formation of tar balls. We earnestly hope that the new BJP government takes some action to resolve the problem.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "14043443", "title": "Vadavathoor's garbage woes to multiply once rains start", "text": "KOTTAYAM: Monsoon brings with it a pool of misery for residents of Vadavathoor. Once the rains begin, highly contaminated water (leachate) will flow out of the garbage dumping yard here, posing grave health threat to the locals here.The high court directive to the municipality to remove the waste piled up in the yard has not yet been carried out. The locals are also complaining that the Leach Treatment Plant (LTP) here is not functioning properly in spite of another court directive to make it operational.Vadavathoor panchayat ward member Jacob John said he had apprised the district collector of the seriousness of the situation. The issues related to contaminated water flowing out of the yard will be more serious this year compared to last year as the amount of waste piled up in 3.5 acres of land is more this time.\"Once the rain starts, thick black water flows out from the yard to the surrounding areas,\" he said. It is also a threat to the over 20,000 students of the 11 schools situated in 1km-radius of the yard.\"The garbage brought to the yard is segregated waste, but it still has a severe foul smell,\" said John, who fears the situation may go out of control this rainy season. He said the tarpaulin cover over the waste is totally ineffective as water keeps oozing into the waste during heavy rains.Meanwhile, the action council formed by the LDF is planning to step up agitation in the coming days. The locals want the waste piled up here removed immediately. \"Once the rain starts, we won't be able to even walk through the roads,\" said action council convener A K Janardhan. Leeches, snails and worms invade nearby houses once the rain starts, he said.The waste treatment plant here is operated by Ramky Infrastructure Limited, a Hyderabad-based company, with which the municipality entered into a contract in 2005. Though in the contract it is mentioned that the company will have to plant trees around the yard and ensure that local residents are not affected by the functioning of the yard, nothing has been done in this regard so far.Leachate polluting ground water resource too: StudiesKottayam: Studies conducted by the Tropical Institute of Ecological Sciences (TIES) here have found that leachate is also polluting the ground water resources in areas surrounding the Vadavathoor dumping yard. As the yard is situated on a small hill top, leachate seeps into the neighbouring paddy fields at Ponpally.TIES team has isolated more than 16 pathogenic bacteria and 14 pathogenic fungi from the soil and wells in the surrounding area. The study also revealed that the fringe area community (100m-radius) of the dumping yard faces serious public health issues. According to TIES survey, 38.1% of the population here has skin infections and 1.8% have cancer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "karwar", "code": "14041927", "title": "Police misbehaved with dancers, claim resort owners", "text": "KARWAR: Venkataraman Nayak and Harish Nayak, owners of Honey Beach Resort in Honnaibail, on Monday alleged that police officers who raided the party tried to disrobe some of the girls with the help of women constables.Addressing reporters in Ankola on Monday, the duo said that a group of tourists from Mangalore had stayed in their resort on Saturday, and that the women dancers were called from Hubli to arrange a party.\"It was a cultural dance and not obscene as alleged by police,\" they claimed, and clarified that it was not a rave party. They also rejected the claims that the dancers were semi-nude and the audience was showering money on them.According to the Nayaks, a huge posse of police led by Karwar dySP Ullas Revankar raided the resort at 11.30pm and snatched the money from the party-goers. \"They also tried to strip the dancers, and when they protested, police asked them to remove their clothes in front of TV crew who were there.\" However, police officials denied the allegations, saying that it was a ploy to divert the attention from the investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14035248", "title": "India may become first \u2018fallen angel\u2019 among BRIC countries", "text": "NEW DELHI: The clouds over the Indian economy just got darker. Global ratings agency Standard &amp; Poor's on Monday cautioned that India seriously risks losing its investment-grade rating, citing slowing growth and political roadblocks to economic policy making as some of the factors pushing up the risk for Asia's third-largest economy.The S&P; report, which is a follow-up to its April outlook revision, says India's ability to pull back from the edge will depend on the way the government handles potentially slower growth and economic shocks. That would determine whether the country can maintain an investment grade rating or become the first \" fallen angel\" among the BRIC nations - Brazil, India, Russia and China.\"Setbacks or reversals in India's path towards a more liberal economy could hurt its long-term growth prospects, and therefore, its credit quality,\" S&P;'s credit analyst Joydeep Mukerji said in a report titled, \"Will India be the first BRIC Fallen Angel?\" The report had its impact on the financial markets, hurting stocks and the rupee.Reacting to the report, finance minister Pranab Mukherjee said the government was fully seized of the current situation and vowed that there would be a turnaround in growth prospects in the months ahead. He rejected the S&P; report which warned that India could be the first BRIC country to falter.In late April, S&P; had revised the outlook on India's long term sovereign rating to negative from stable citing slowing growth, high fiscal deficit and debt burden and the government's inability to push through economic reforms. The agency had made it clear that its action was not a downgrade but a revision in the outlook based on the current economic situation. It maintained its BBB (minus) rating which is the lowest investment grade rating.Any downgrade in the rating now will badly hit investor sentiment, increase overseas borrowing costs for companies and emerge as a risk for the Indian economy. Since the April outlook revision, a spate of economic data has drawn a gloomy picture. Growth in the January-March quarter slowed to a 9-year low of 5.3%, while food inflation hit double digits. Industrial growth remains sluggish and business confidence has taken a knock.Overall, growth in 2011-12 has slowed to 6.5% from 8.4% in the previous year and below the government's estimate of 7%.Launching a scathing criticism of the handling of economic policy, the S&P; report says the risks surrounding economic policy arise from an unusual political situation in the country, not from an ideological movement against reform.\"There is little sign of a revival in public support for the statist economic policies that were pursued until 1992,\" the report says.It adds that divided leadership at the Centre may be the biggest hurdle to further economic liberalisation. \"The crux of the current political problem for economic liberalisation is, in our view, the nature of leadership within the central government, not obstreperous allies or unhelpful opposition,\" the report says.\"The Congress party is divided on economic policies. There is substantial opposition within the party to serious liberalisation of the economy. Moreover, paramount political power rests with the leader of the Congress party, Sonia Gandhi , who holds no cabinet position, while the government is led by an unelected prime minister, Manmohan Singh , who lacks a political base of his own.\"The UPA government has dragged its feet on economic reforms and blamed the policy logjam on the opposition's hardline and its unwillingness to cooperate on approving key economic legislations. Strong opposition from allies such as the Trinamool Congress has forced the government to put on hold its decision to open up the multi-brand retail sector to foreign firms such as Wal-Mart , Carrefour and others. Trinamool boss Mamata Banerjee's opposition to pension reforms has stalled any progress while plans to raise railway passenger fares had to be reversed on her demand.\"The division of roles between a politically powerful Congress party president, who can take credit for the party's two recent national election victories, and an appointed prime minister, has weakened the framework of policymaking in our view,\" the report says.\"For example, Singh has been unable to liberalise the heavily controlled coal sector despite publicly advocating it for many years. The unusual division division roles and political power inside the central government has likely contributed to poor discipline and cohesion within the cabinet and government as a whole.\"The report says the political context (and not lack of willingness among key economic policymakers in the central bank and the central bank) may limit the government's ability to act decisively and quickly to manage eroding economic environment and possible external shocks.But the ratings agency had something to cheer for policymakers. It said that India is better positioned to weather the setbacks than in the past.\"Despite its recent problems, the Indian economy remains in much better shape to muddle through the current period of heightened global uncertainty than it was earlier, especially in the early 1990's, when it suffered a balance of payments crisis,\" the report said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14043342", "title": "Wealth of career choices in medicine", "text": "Students with a medical background or those intending to take up medical stream in Class X, have a host of opportunities ranging from dentistry to MBBS, ayurvedic, homeopathic degrees, honours school programme at Panjab University or opting for a career in clinical research.For students who have cleared Class XII and do not wish to pursue any of the core degrees in medial sciences including MBBS, BAMS, BHMS, even alternative career choices are equally lucrative. Students can apply to a host of honours school programmes offered by PU, for which appearing in a common entrance test is a must.Each year, government medical college and hospital conducts a centralized counselling for admission to four courses - MBBS offered by GMCH-32 itself, BDS offered by Panjab University's Dr Harvansh Singh Judge Institute of Medical Sciences and Hospital, BAMS by Sri Dhanwantry Ayurvedic College and BHMS by Homeopathic Medical College and Hospital.The counselling is done only once the CET exam results are out and a merit list is made. The exam is conducted by PU each year in May. \"Each year during the annual event of GMCH-32, \"Euphoria\", students from classes IV to XI are told about the medical stream and what it takes to be a doctor. Students are encouraged to take up the profession and their queries are taken up so that they explore all options thoroughly before selecting any stream,\" advisesDr Raj Bahadur, director-principal, GMCH in Sector 32 and chairperson of the joint counselling for CET. Those with an inclination towards healthcare industry or drug discovery can also think about entering the pharmacy discipline. \"Students entering the pharmacy field have an option of settling in any part of the world. Students should primarily have an interest in drug discovery and creation of a tablet,\" said Karan Vishasht, former chairperson, University Institute of Pharmaceutical Science (UIPS).Clinical research, say scholars, is the another great career option. It's primarily an applied research discipline aiming to test medicines on humans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14038391", "title": "Mobiles, cash stolen from Arambol guest house", "text": "PANAJI: Mobile phones and cash worth 53,500 were stolen from a guest house in Arambol recently. The complaint was lodged by Dhanajay Hari Lad of Vintage Hospital, Panaji , who stated that on June 10, the accused Prasanna Suvarna of Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh , broke entry into the room through the gallery and stole mobiles phones and cash worth 53,500.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14035621", "title": "Speeding truck mows down elephant, mahout in Sanwer", "text": "INDORE: A recklessly driven allegedly mowed down an elephant and its mahout in Sanwer area in the wee hours of Monday. The deceased has been identified as Mithun, 22, a resident of Satna district in the state.According to police, the incident took place at around 4 AM when Mithun was taking the elephant along the Sanwer bypass, a truck bearing registration number RJ20 GA3369 hit the elephant in its rear side. The mahout was on its back and in the impact, he fell down. Police said that the youth died on the spot.The elephant also fell down in the impact and sustained serious injuries. Mithun was taking the elephant to Ujjain to participate in a forthcoming religious convention there.The driver and the helper escaped the spot with the truck. Officials took five hours to take the injured elephant to the Sanwer-based veterinary hospital for treatment with the help of a crane. It died soon after reaching there.The traffic on this route was affected during the rescue operation. Meanwhile, police arrested the helper of the truck identified as Saitan Singh Meena on the basis of its registration number. He is the resident of Rajasthan. Police impounded the truck as well. The driver was also identified as Kaptan Singh Meena, who managed to give slip to the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "14037805", "title": "VHP has separated Hindus from their brothers: Sant Narayan Prem Sai", "text": "PONDA: Sant Narayan Prem Sai, a disciple and the son of Sant Asaramji Bapu, has alleged that the Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP) has separated Hindus from their traditional brothers by using the word Hindu in its name.Speaking to reporters on the sidelines of the four-day All India Hindu convention under way at Ramnathi, Narayan Sai said Hindus, Jains, Buddhists and Sikhs hail from the same roots and are \"natural brothers\".\"But the VHP has used Hindu (in its name) and this has separated Hindus from their natural brothers. Hindus must bring together, for a Hindu nation, the Jains, Buddhists and Sikhs, as their ancestors were Hindus,\" Narayan Sai said.Justifying the need for a united Hindu nation, he said, \"If the world can have 92 Islamic nations and 56 Christian nations why can't there be a Hindu nation?\"Pointing out that Hindus have forgotten their \"strength, pride and greatness\", he said Hindus must strive continuously to form the one nation.He also suggested forming a \" Sanatan Arya Board\" to work towards the same.\"The board would work as an umbrella body, just like the Muslims' Waqf board, and would have several Hindu organizations and their leaders all working to meet the demand of a Hindu nation,\" Narayan Sai said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14035882", "title": "Kumhrar, a tourist\u2019s delight", "text": "Curious to learn about their ancient civilization, Indian tourists visit the ASI-excavated site of Kumhrar almost everyday. In the 2011-12 fiscal year, 95,853 Indian tourists visited the site, while the number of foreign tourists was 469. A nominal fee of Rs 5 is charged from Indian tourists and Rs 100 from foreign tourists visiting Kumhrar, the seat of the Mauryas and Guptas. However, there is no total count of the tourist inflow to the over two-millennia-old site, as a huge number of students from within Bihar and from outside the state continuously visit the site. Under the state government's Darshan Yojana, students' trips are encouraged to the site so that they are able to learn about their ancient civilization and culture. Morning walkers are charged Rs 35 in the form of monthly pass.The Archaeological Survey of India (ASI), in an effort to further improve the maintenance and preservation of the excavated site, has introduced several new measures. Says superintending archaeologist, ASI, S K Manjul, \"Without disturbing the landscape of the century-old excavated site, we have constructed stone pitching around the depressed pond that has been in place for over a century, so that surplus water can flow out from the area.\" The ASI has also increased the number of medicinal plants in the herbal garden around the basic structure of the Arogya Vihar. Lemon grass, ajvain and varieties of aloe vera and tulsi, among other medicinal plants, are being grown there. A potsherd was excavated by Altekar and Ghosh in 1951-55, under the aegis of K P Jayaswal Institute, which referred to Dhanvantari, a navratna of Chandragupta II. The Arogya Vihar was Dhanvantari's hospital.Talking of the promotional plan of ASI, Manjul says, \"The preservation of the site is top quality. The exhibition hall in which the excavated artefacts have been preserved is being improved. Moreover, a multi-purpose hall is under construction just behind the exhibition hall. Other archaeological sites and monuments will be shown on a projector to draw more and more tourists. This hall will be ready by November-December, 2012.\" Manjul also said that a CCTV would be installed at the entrance gate of the Kumhrar site to monitor the entry of people visiting the ancient site. A cloak room at the entrance is also in the pipeline so that handbags, coats and other stuff, which can possibly harm the excavated pillars and other artefacts that are lying in the open, can be kept there before tourists enter the excavated site. The ancient cultural history of the area, aesthetically engraved on stone, has been introduced at the ticket counter to inform tourists of the place at one go.Another interesting measure being undertaken by the ASI to increase tourist inflow is a year-long exhibition. \"As there is no other archaeological site in the city, we have planned to create awareness among the large number of tourists, particularly youths, who come to Kumhrar. Pictures of monuments and sites excavated by the ASI have been pasted on the inside wall of the sprawling Kumhrar site. The history of Bihar, with its two ancient universities - Nalanda and Vikramshila, Vaishali and Barabar Hills, Sher Shah Suri's Mausoleum and other big and small monuments preserved by the ASI, has been exhibited on this wall with exquisite pictorial effect.\" The ASI looks after 71 sites in Bihar, of which Nalanda, Vaishali and Vikramshila are the most well preserved.In an effort to protect the ancient site from the vagaries of sound and environmental pollution and preserve it for posterity, the ASI has undertaken an innovative step. All along the huge boundary wall of the excavated site, 100 trees of different varieties have been planted. Ashoka , mango and litchi trees can be seen encircling this ancient site even from outside.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14038988", "title": "Activists join hands to stop lion shows", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Wildlife lovers have joined hands to give the lion king of Gir some peace and quietness. With the help of NGOs working in Saurashtra, a group of wildlife enthusiasts has decided to take up cudgels against illegal lion shows organized in the revenue areas outside Gir Sanctuary.On Sunday, a group gathered in Ahmedabad to decide on the future course of action. In all, 20 wildlife lovers from Ahmedabad, Rajkot, Amreli and other places attended the meeting, where they decided to launch a drive for the effective conservation of lions.\"We all first met on a social networking site and during discussion on the site, it was decided to form a group which would be working for the cause of the lion,\" said Bhushan Pandya, a wildlife photographer.He said several wildlife lovers who work with private firms too joined hands to conserve the big cat found only in the Saurashtra region. Many of them from Ahmedabad have joined them.Kishore Kotecha, who runs an NGO in Saurashtra, said that during the meeting it was decided to distribute pamphlets to create awareness about the illegal shows. He said that to begin with, his NGO will organize a medical health check-up camp in Lathi area where such illegal shows are organized.It was also decided that they would hold meeting with grams panchayats and get an assurance from sarpanches that they would not allow any outsider to enter their village for lion shows even if the person happens to be a relative of the villagers.\"We have also decided that the NGOs working in the area will also create their own network to get information about those organizing such shows,\" said one who attended the meeting.They also decided to meet once in a month to review the situation and also form a group which would be the core team to decide on various issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14043586", "title": "Needed a movement to save Anna from team: Salman Khurshid", "text": "KOCHI: Union minister for law and justice Salman Khurshid on Monday alleged that there are grave differences between Anna Hazare and Team Anna over the agenda of their anti-corruption movement.\"Anna is in serious trouble, and we might need a movement to save him from his team. The agenda of Team Anna appears not eliminating corruption, but settling scores with people with whom they had earlier disagreements. Anna Hazare had said that Prime Minister was good one day, next day he said PM was corrupt, and the third day again he said PM is not corrupt,'' the minister said.Salman who was on a visit to the DCC office here, launched a frontal attack on the Team Anna core group member and former IPS officer Kiran Bedi for comparing Manmohan Singh with the Hindu mythological figure Dhritarashtra. \"Kiran Beid had positive and negative points during her career days itself. But we were overlooking her negative sides considering that she was the first women IPS officer to reach that stature. However, now through her utterances she has demonstrated her negative sides more, and it is her own doing,'' Salman said in response to questions from reporters.RS panel on Lokpal Bill: The minister disclosed that the report of the Rajya Sabha Select Committee on the Lokpal Bill was expected in the next session of the Parliament.The government was keen to get the Lokpal Bill passed in the Parliament, and setting up a strong institution to fight corruption. \"But this cannot be at the cost of existing institutions like judiciary and Parliament. The executive must also be able to work without fear or favour.'' Later delivering the 'Fifth K S Rajamony Memorial Public Law Lecture' at the Kerala high court, the minister made it clear that the proposed Lokpal will have to be 'subservient and inferior' to the judiciary. \"No institution be it civil society groups, or politicians or media,should be allowed to undermine the role of judiciary,'' he said. He also asserted that the government would not allow anyone to challenge the powers of the Parliament. In a democracy Parliament cannot be substituted or replaced by any institution.''Replying to questions the minister said he was personally in favour of video-recording the court proceedings, and making them available to the parties involved in litigation. \"But this is something that the judges have to decide. However I would propose this idea to the Chief Justice of India at the next national level judges' meeting,'' Salman said.He said 'fast unto death' forms of agitation should not be used as a pressure tactic, but should be resorted to only in extreme situations where the there was no platform for dialogue was available, and ruling regime was behaving in a dictatorial without letting institutions like media not freely.Congress confident on prez poll: Union minister of law and justice Salman Khurshid on Monday claimed that Congress was fully confident of getting its nominee elected as the new President.\"We have done our sums, and we are confident of our numbers. We are confident of our candidate getting elected to the post,\" the minister who was here to deliver the K S Rajamony Memorial Public Lecture said in response to questions from journalists.Union Minister for Law and Justice Salman Khurshid on Monday alleged that there are grave differences between Anna Hazare and Team Anna over the agenda of their anti-corruption movement.Anna is in serious trouble, and we might need a movement to save Anna from Team Anna. The agenda of Team Anna appears not eliminating corruption, but settling scores with the people whom they had earlier disagreements. Anna Hazare himself had said that Prime Minister was good one day, next day he said PM was corrupt, and the third day again he said PM is not corrupt ,'' the Minister said.Salman who was on a visit to the DCC office here launched a frontal attack on the Team Anna core group member and former IPS officer Kiran Bedi for comparing Manmohan Singh with the Hindu mythological figure Dhritarashtra.'Kiran Beid had positive and negative points during her career days itself. But we were overlooking her negative sides considering that she was the first women IPS officer to reach that stature. However, now through her utterances she was demonstrating her negative sides more, and it is her own doing,'' Salman said in response to questions from reporters.RS panel on Lokpal BillThe Minister disclosed that the report of the Rajya Sabha Select Committee on Lokpal Bill was expected in the next session of the Parliament.The Government was keen to get the Lokpal Bill passed in the Parliament, and setting up a strong institution to fight corruption. But this cannot be at the cost of the existing institutions like judiciary and Parliament. The Executive must also be able to work without fear or favour.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14037024", "title": "HC directs South East Central Railway to pay wages to 152 parcel porters", "text": "NAGPUR: In an interim relief to 152 parcel porters, the Nagpur bench of Bombay high court has directed the South East Central Railway (SECR) to pay wages to them till the pendency of the writ petition.The court order was issued on April 10, 2012, but porters were entitled for wages from March 6, 2012. However, even after lapse of three months, court direction is not being followed.Earlier, the Central Government Industrial Tribunal (CGIT), Nagpur, on July 15, 2010 had directed the SECR to regularize services of 152 parcel porters engaged with SECR. However, instead of regularizing them, the SECR challenged the CGIT order in the high court. The HC stayed the CGIT order on June 28, 2011.Hearing the civil application of petitioner-SECR, Nagpur, Justice MN Gilani ordered to provide relief to the porters by paying wages under Section 17-B of the Industrial Dispute Act 1947, till the pendency of the matter.Accordingly, the SECR had to pay wages as per the Minimum Wages Act. However, the court orders have not been followed.Rajesh Supatkar, general secretary of the Parcel Porters' Sanghatana, has now filed a complaint with central regional labour commissioner, Nagpur, against the SECR.\"We will file a contempt petition against the railways for violation of high court order,\" Supatkar said.He added the SECR is not only violating court orders but also flouting Railway Board directives issued in 1983 stating that railways should take immediate steps to ensure that retrenchment provisions of Industrial Dispute Act (IDA) are strictly complied with and unnecessary litigation is avoided.This is the second round of litigation between the porters and the SECR. The porters belonging to the sanghatana were recruited by the SECR in 1994 but were not regularized.The CGIT on September 15, 2010 ruled in favour of the porters. Prior to this, the high court too had passed orders that these porters are workmen under the Industrial Dispute Act and hence should be regularized under Group D category.However, SECR argues that provisions under 17-B of the IDA can be invoked when there is direction of 'reinstatement'. The CGIT has directed regularization of porters.Supatkar alleged that SECR is buying time. \"There are many vacancies under Group D category. The Railway Board is recruiting 'substitutes' under the Group D category to ensure that railway services are unaffected. Surprisingly, parcel porters, who have won legally, are not being considered,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14037464", "title": "No forest land for mining: Alina Saldanha", "text": "PANAJI: Taking off from where her husband and former forests minister Matanhy Saldanha left, new incumbent Alina Saldanha said she will not allow the use of forest land for mining purposes.Speaking to TOI, Alina said, \"I am happy to get portfolios that were very close to Matanhy.\" She added, \"No forest land will be allowed for mining,\"Chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Monday decided to allot environment and forests portfolios to Alina.Matanhy in March was allotted tourism, environment and forests. He had then said he would review forest clearances given to mining firms and for development purposes, and had stressed that not a single inch of forest land would henceforth be transferred for mining activities.Alina on Monday blamed mining activities for deforestation. \"Mining has already decreased the forest cover of our state. I will do my best to see that I do everything within my capacity to protect the environment, which includes flora and fauna, rivers, hills and soil and the wealth coming with it.\"\"My aim is to monitor the process of reforestation wherever needed to replenish the plant cover of Goa,\" Alina said.The Shah Commission investigating illegal mining in Goa has also pointed out to violations of the Forest Act.Speaking to TOI Parrikar said, \"I have decided to allot the environment and forests portfolio to Alina. The notification in this regard will be issued by Wednesday.\"Alina was inducted into the cabinet on Friday. She is the first BJP woman MLA in the state to be sworn in as minister.After Matanhy's sudden demise, tourism was given to Saligao MLA Dilip Parulekar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14036004", "title": "Night of terror at New Market: Girl molested in bar, chased, pulled out of bus and thrashed", "text": "KOLKATA: In the deserted New Market area, around 11.30pm on Sunday, a young girl ran for her life from a group of molesters, chased by a band of locals who had joined in for fun. Bleeding from deep cuts, breathless and panic-stricken, she saw a bus moving towards Esplanade and made a desperate leap for it. To her horror, the gang stopped the bus, pulled her out and started beating her. No one in the bus raised a finger in protest.The assault continued until the 21-year-old girl collapsed on the road, wailing and pleading for mercy. She had fought on as long as a lone woman could against a mob. Just when she feared it would get worse, the attackers saw she was bleeding heavily from her injuries, lost their nerve and fled.When TOI met her on Monday, she had her right hand in a sling. It took 14 stitches to seal her wound. \"The horror will haunt me for the rest of my life. But I will fight till the molesters are put behind bars,\" the gutsy north Kolkata girl said. TOI is withholding her name for security reasons. She is also a key witness in the Park Street rape case, which had shocked the nation and brought home the unpleasant truth that the city may be getting increasingly unsafe for women. It was she who had come forward with information to help police nab the alleged rapists.Like the earlier incident, the accused in the New Market case are also businessmen. They were remanded in police custody on Monday.The incident comes barely three days after a homemaker was kidnapped and raped by the driver of a luxury taxi. The 21-year-old said that she and her friends had been to a lounge bar near Lindsay Street only once or twice, and always with male company. \"On Sunday, it was just us three girls. When we reached at 11pm, it was very crowded. Even the bar stools were taken so we stood near the bar,\" she recalled. The three friends were happily chatting, when a man suddenly came and grabbed her from behind, she says.\"My skin crawled. I immediately wrenched myself out of his clasp, and shoved him with my elbows. Then I turned around and pushed him away with both my hands,\" she said. The man stumbled with the forcefulness of the counterattack and staggered back a few steps.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14039284", "title": "Anti-terrorism squad questions Rakhi Sawant's brother for six hours", "text": "MUMBAI: The anti-terrorism squad (ATS) on Monday quizzed director Rakesh Sawant for six hours on Monday in connection with Laila Khan's disappearance.Sawant, who is actor Rakhi Sawant's brother, was the first to file a police complaint after Laila Khan went missing.The director was shooting his second film Jinnat with Laila just before she disappeared from Mumbai. Sawant is alleged to have met Laila's friend Parvez Tak, a suspected Lashkar-e-Taiba member, at her Igatpuri house. Tak is suspected of being behind Laila and her family's disappearance.Laila, her mother, her sister, their domestic help and a family friend went missing in February last year. The ATS is making inquiries about their disappearance. There were reports that Tak had used her to conduct a recee of Mumbai. According to reports, Laila and her family were last seen carrying jewellery and over Rs 2 crore in cash.Laila's friends and acquaintances are being questioned by the police. The starlet's father Nadir Patel and friend Afghan Khan have already recorded their statements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "palanpur", "code": "14042831", "title": "Municipal offices targeted in Palanpur, Mehsana", "text": "PALANPUR: A group of women from Kanbivas in Salempura in Palanpur ransacked furniture at the municipal office in Palanpur on Monday accusing the officials of failing to ensure proper supply of drinking water in their locality since last several months.Ward member Ashok Joshi alleged that residents of these two localities have been running from pillar to post to ask for drinking water since four months. \"We have given an ultimatum to the civic authority to restore water supply within three days, or else the stir will be intensified. We will organize sit-ins and matka phod programmes. We may even resort to fast unto death outside the residence of local BJP MLA Govind Prajapati,\" said Joshi. Chairman of municipality's water supply committee Vijay Joshi assured that water supply will start as soon as possible.Meanwhile, residents of about 15 societies in Mehsana took out a rally to voice their problems about dirt and filth in their localities due to open gutters. \"Water-logged streets with dirty sludge and heaps of garbage is a common scene everywhere,\" said Lakshmi Prajapati, a resident of Khushboo Flats on Visnagar road.\"The stench is unbearable and there is threat of an epidemic due to mosquitoes. Lakshmikunj Society, Kadmbini, Gayatrinagar and near-by localities are also facing the similar problem,\" said Jayesh Patel. The stagnant water has turned into a breeding ground for mosquitoes. The residents have threatened to intensify their agitation if the local civic body does not clean up the area within 10 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14050392", "title": "Pay electricity bill online, win silver coin", "text": "BHOPAL: In a first of its kind incentive in the government sector, the central region power distribution company has an incentive scheme for low-tension consumers on payment of electricity bill online through their web portal.The state electricity company recently announced 20 winners from among the low-tension domestic/non-domestic and other consumers, who have paid their electricity bills online through website. Twenty winners of the lucky draw will be given a 10 gram silver coin each.The lucky winners include consumers from Gwalior, Itarsi, Betul, Bhopal and Harda.A committee comprising of additional director (finance) PK Kamthan, joint director (R-APDRP) RK Sharma, general manager (commercial) PK Saxena and deputy public relations RS Parashar were on selected the winner, according to a press release.Draw of 'pay online - win silver coin' has been a huge success for the state company claimed officials as it expects to better its bottom line faced drop in recovery ratio. \"The company has urged its low-tension electricity consumers to pay their bills through an official website of the company from April 1,\" said an official.Under the scheme a lucky draw will be held every month and twenty winners of will be given 10-gram silver coins each as incentive. Consumers from rural and urban parts will be eligible for the 'pay online - win silver coin' scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14037808", "title": "Haryana ignored NCPCR warnings on shelter homes", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Even as sordid tales of sexual abuse of inmates of shelter homes in Haryana continue to tumble out of the closet, documents accessed by TOI from the National Commission of Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) have now revealed that Haryana government ignored at least 12 notices over one year, each asking it to put its house in order in running these shelter homes.Following a raid by NCPCR on a shelter in Rohtak in May, which revealed rampant sexual harassment of inmates, the commission had summoned the state DGP, financial commissioner and two IGPs to Delhi for questioning.A seven-member commission bench held back-to-back hearings on May 14 and May 15, drawing up a scathing assessment of the state police, health authorities and other senior officers.\"It had become necessary for the commission to take this step. Wasn't the raid at Apna Ghar, run by NGO Bharat Vikas Sangh, embarrassing enough for the state police to give us an appropriate reply after these communiques?\" Vinod Tikoo, member, NCPCR, told TOI.A dozen notices had been sent by NCPCR on lack of commitments by the Haryana government to monitor any misdeeds including sexual and physical abuse, flesh trade and abandoning of children.Tikoo had earlier led the team on May 9 during the raid at Apna Ghar taken care of by Jaswanti Devi, who was later arrested. The raid had revealed torrid tales of sexual abuse of home inmates.In one of its documents, the commission said, \"It had been forced to exercise its constitutional powers by summoning officers including Haryana DGP R S Dalal, financial commissioner of Women and Child Development department Dheeral Khandelwal, Rohtak deputy commissioner Vikas Gupta and Rohtak IG Alok Mittal (among others).\"Seeking immediate intervention, the commission wrote that all the powers were vested with the state government and the police machinery and it was their responsibility to take care of the homes.Citing a case of 13-year-old boy and his re-victimisation in Gurgaon, it sought assurances from the DGP that the children in these NGOs would be respected as individual entity with dignity and not subjected to torture.Lack of a robust mechanism by the financial commissioner to register the NGOs was also raised as part of the summon proceedings.\"Child mapping in observation homes and child care institutions must be completed in 45 days and registration in the state is to be made mandatory,\" the commission warned.These officers were called for a personal hearing on account of non-response on matters related to child rights violations and deprivations.The commission gave the Haryana government and its officers a 30-day deadline to submit the action taken report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14043776", "title": "P R Sreejesh's goal is semis berth in Olympics", "text": "KOCHI: For the past one week, goalkeeper P R Sreejesh was living on a prayer. With goalkeeper Bharat Chettri almost certain to make it to the Olympic hockey squad as skipper, Sreejesh knew his only chance of sealing a berth in the Indian hockey team to London depended on selectors' decision to pick two goalkeepers.On Monday, his prayers were answered as the selectors included him as the second goalkeeper in the 16-member squad for London. And there's one man Sreejesh thanks profusely for making his London trip possible - Indian team's Aussie coach, Michael Nobbs. \"The coach has reposed great belief in my abilities. He has helped me in realising my dream. Now it is time for me to repay the faith that he has showed in my abilities,\" Sreejesh told TOI from his training camp in Pune.Though some former players criticised the decision to include two goalkeepers, the 24-year-old lad from Kizhakkambalam near here sees merit in the move. \"In hockey, the goalkeepers have a heavy workload. In a high profile tournament like Olympics, it is good to have two goalkeepers. Our coach has opted for a rotation policy for goalkeepers in the last few tours. I think he plans to continue with that policy in Olympics too. Moreover, if there is an injury to one goalkeeper, you have a ready backup on the bench,\" added Sreejesh, sounding optimistic of his chances of making it to the playing XI. The Kochi lad thinks the team has gained immensely from its foreign tours. \"In the last one year we have played against almost all big teams. We know their style of play. So it will be easy for us to plan and strategize. The exposure tours have made us fearless.\"However, he is realistic about India's chances at London. \"It is easy very easy to say that we will return with a medal. But you have to take into account the fact that we are up against the likes of Holland and Germany in our group. Our objective should be to qualify for the semis first,\" said Sreejesh.Sreejesh will not have time to come to Kochi and share his joy of Olympic selection with his parents. The training camp will continue in Pune and on June 24 the team will leave for a tour of France and Spain before heading to London.However his parents, Raveendran and Usha Raveendran are not disappointed. \"Ever since he grabbed a hockey stick, he always wanted to play in Olympics. I am glad his hard work and perseverance has paid off. I hope I can see him with an Olympic medal on his return from London,\" said Raveendran.Deserving the placeI am very happy for Sreejesh. I have watched him from a very small age. He has got a daredevil attitude towards the game and is unperturbed. His performance under the bar will be critical to India's chances at London - Ramesh Kolappa, Sreejesh's first coachI have watched Sreejesh on television. To me he is better than skipper Bharat Chettri in goal. He has sharp reflexes and his charging down against opponents in penalty corner conversions is brilliant. My blessings are with him. I could only return with a bronze from Munich Olympics in 1972. I hope comes with a gold from London - Manuel Fredricks, Kerala's first Olympian in hockey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14043948", "title": "Ahmedabad\u2019s wait just got longer for double-decker train", "text": "AHMEDABAD: For Amdavadis looking forward to commute by the air-conditioned double-decker train to Mumbai, the wait just got longer. The rakes for the trains, which were received for the trail run, have been sent back to Jaipur for further improvement.An official in the Western Railway said that the department was planning to start the double-decker train from June. The Research Design and Standards Organization ( RDSO) began the trial of the AC rake on the route from April and was to continue for a month.Officials said that, the train should achieve a speed of 130 kilometers per hour. However, as per the norms, when the train was tested with a diesel locomotive, it was revealed that the train could only achieve a maximum speed of 110 kilometer per hour.After the initial trail run on the Ahmedabad-Mumbai track, the rakes from Jaipur were withdrawn and would not be available, as expected, for the scheduled run in June, the official added. Now the Ahmedabad division is waiting for the rake to come back after which the schedule for the train will be decided.Another senior official said that the double-decker train is yet to receive safety clearance from the Commissioner of Railway Safety (CRS) despite two trial runs. The train is being tried for speed ranging from 80-100 kmph to 130 kmph. After the month-long oscillation and route trials, the readings have been submitted to the CRS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14040979", "title": "Explain why gym lease not renewed: Bombay high court", "text": "MUMBAI: \"Why are you not renewing their lease?'' the Bombay high court asked the state government on Monday while hearing a petition filed by a gymnasium at Azad Maidan.A division bench of Justice Dhananjay Chandrachud and Justice Ramesh Dhanuka was hearing a petition filed by the National Health League, an association formed in 1941 by freedom fighters. A plot was allottedto them on lease in 1952 by the government. The league promotes sports, including weight-lifting, power-lifting, body-building and caters to the poor and backward classes. After the lease expired in 1972, it was not renewed and the matter was under litigation.By a government resolution in 2005, the lease was renewed for 35 years from 1982 to 2007. After 2007, the government refused to renew it. A single HC judge in December 2011 dismissed the petition challenging eviction order passed by the estate officer but directed the chief minister to hear and dispose of their representation before March 31, 2012. The CM rejected it on March 21, 2012. On March 31, a notice was issued for payment of arrears of lease rent amounting to Rs 19.17 lakh up to March 2012 and thereafter to pay penal lease rent of Rs 31,690 per month till they vacate the premises. The League has moved HC has against this.Additional government pleader A S Saluja said the gym does not fit in the new policy regarding renewal of licences on land allotted to gymkhanas. The League's advocate Prasad Pathare said the decision \"is in contravention of their own policy''. He said that under a GR in 2003, the renewal of lease of government land allotted to gymkhanas is to be renewed for a period of 30 years from the date of expiry. \"They are harassing us by charging exorbitant lease rent for 60x130 sq ft,'' said Pathare. \"Nothing is being done about encroachers and illegal constructions on the ground,'' he added.Justice Chandrachud asked, \"What are you going to do with the gymnasium?'' To this, Saluja replied. \"The government will develop it and make it a state-of-the-art gymnasium.''Advocate Anita Castellino, appearing for the interveners-members, including award-winners-said the government has already a built a gym at Sion.\"This gymnasium (League's) has produced many world-record holders. The government is scuttling a gym, which is doing so well. Some of the members are practising for forthcoming events,'' she added.The judges have directed the government to file an affidavit \"telling us why you are not renewing the lease''. The matter has been posted to June 26, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14041951", "title": "This summer, no food for Panjab University hostellers", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Panjab University's recent move of shuffling certain hostel wardens is costing students dear. Close to 100 students of University Institute of Engineering and Technology (UIET), who are undergoing training programmes this summer and residing in boys hostel No. 8, are devoid of meals.Students undergoing these scheduled training programmes, which are an annual feature on the campus, are making alternative arrangements for food. With the warden of hostel No. 8 shifted to hostel No. 3 recently, PU officials are passing the buck citing that the mess contract expires at this time of the year.\"Each year such training programmes are organized for students. It's for the PU authorities to ensure that students get food at least, even if it requires imposing extra charges. Fearing wrath from the authorities, students neither wrote to the hostel nor the department,\" said a third year student from UIET declining to be named.On being questioned, the outgoing hostel warden said none of the students raised an objection. \"We do make special arrangements for students but this year nobody requested for any such provision. The mess contractors generally close down their services during this time because the staff goes on vacation,\" said Emanual Nahar, the outgoing hostel warden.UIET faculty members said all first year students are required to stay back during their summer break for workshops. Also in the same department, third year students of BE (Electrical and Electronics) are under going a special workshop in which industry experts have been invited. Certain other students, from BE second and third year both, who are learning Java programming, are staying back in hostels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "14043934", "title": "Finally, Maniyan gets his community certificate", "text": "KANNUR: Maniyan T N, the adivasi athlete from the district, who feared losing the fireman's job he was offered by the government for want of a community certificate, got the certificate on Monday.He said the tahasildar had issued him the community certificate after reading the Times of India report on Sunday. TOI had reported that Maniyan had been running from pillar to post to get the certificate after he got a memo from the PSC to appear for certificate verification on June 13. Earlier, he was denied the certificate after the Chirakkal Village, where he resides, refused to testify that he belonged to the Kurumban community, as according the village authorities, people belonging to that community were not known to be living in the district.\"However, after reading the report, the authorities called me and issued the certificate online,\" said Maniyan.He has participated in state and national-level competitions in 200 metres and 400 metres and has won medals on many occasions. However, it was his scheduled tribe status that had made PSC offer him the job, Maniyan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14037116", "title": "Teenager booked for neighbour's rape", "text": "NAGPUR: The Yashodhara Nagar police on Sunday lodged a rape case against a 19-year-old boy, Shaikh Asif Khan, after his neighbour complained of being forced for physical relation. According to police, victim Neha (name changed) and Khan are neighbours at Garib Nawaz Nagar.On Sunday evening, Khan approached Neha at a desolate place when she was trying to locate her mother. The tormentor forcibly taken her to behind a locked office and forced himself upon her. Later, Neha disclosed her ordeal before her family who lodged a complaint with the police. A medical examination was conducted on the victim before the offence was registered. The accused is not arrested yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14040080", "title": "Mant set for a triangular fight in bypoll", "text": "LUCKNOW: Polling for Mant assembly by-election in Mathura district will be held on Tuesday. While in Kannauj, ruling Samajwadi Party candidate Dimple Yadav won unopposed in the Lok Sabha bypoll, in Mant its candidate is facing a tough challenge from Rashtriya Lok Dal and All India Trinamool Congress (AITC). Polling will be held between 7.00 a.m. and 5 p.m., with 2.86 lakh voters exercising their franchise at 351 polling booths. Counting of votes will be done on June 15.The seat had fallen vacant due to resignation of RLD general secretary Jayant Chaudhary, who is also son of Union civil aviation minister Ajit Singh. Chaudhary is already a member of Parliament from Mathura. The RLD has fielded Yogesh Chaudhary for the bypoll. Pandit Shyam Sundar Sharma who won the Mant seat six times since 1989, is in the fray on AITC ticket. SP has fielded Sanjay Lathar, a member of chief minister Akhilesh Yadav's core group of advisers. Like Kannauj bypoll, national parties like the Congress, BJP and BSP have not fielded candidates in Mant bypoll as well. Hence, the fight is between RLD, SP and TMC.Mant has a sizeable population of Jats and Brahmins. In recent assembly election, the performance of SP was poor and its candidate polled only 1,058 votes. However, equations have changed after SP victory in the state. SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav has kept away from campaigning in Mant, but chief minister Akhilesh addressed a public meeting in highlighted the provisions made by the state government in the budget and said that SP has fulfilled its promise after coming to power. Political analysts said that Kannauj was easy, because it has been SP's bastion since long. Mant will be the first 'real test' for the ruling party after the 2012 assembly elections, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14039400", "title": "NABARD decision on funding Rajasthan's roads soon", "text": "JAIPUR: The national agriculture and rural development board (NABARD) is set to decide on the soft loans proposed by the public works department (PWD) of the state government on Wednesday. The department has forwarded projects worth Rs 1,562 crore to NABARD for refurbishing roads in the state.NABARD chairman Prakash Bakshi will be on his two day visit to Jaipur starting from Tuesday and is scheduled to meet chief minister Ashok Gehlot and PWD department officials. The state government is expecting funding from NABARD for rural connectivity, strengthening of roads constructed by marketing board, approach connecting inter-state roads and improvement of districts roads.\"We have proposed projects worth Rs 1,562 crore to NABARD under five different categories. The aim is to strengthen the road connectivity in the state. We will discuss in detail on these projects with the chairman of NABARD on Tuesday,\" said J C Mohanty, principal secretary, PWD.The proposal includes Rs 394 crore for missing links, Rs 152 crore for Rajasthan state agriculture marketing board, Rs 600 crore for village connectivity, Rs 132 crore for inter-state roads. \"There are many patches which were constructed by the agriculture marketing board but couldn't be properly maintained by them. So PWD will now take care of these roads,\" said the official in PWD.However, it is not likely that NABARD will accept all the proposals placed by the state government. So far, through its rural infrastructure development fund (RIDF), NABARD has disbursed loans worth Rs 5,406 crore to Rajasthan till September 2011. Rajasthan is unlikely to get all the funds as other states have recently started depending more on the agency for funds.\"It has been the highest project proposal submitted by the PWD so far to NABARD. We have done well in projects under the Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana and very well utilized the funds given to us by NABARD. Based on our past performance, we hope that our proposal will be accepted by the development board,\" said the official.The government has already made roads in the areas with population of more than 500 people. The current projects are aimed to link the tribal and deserts villages with population of less than 250 people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14050990", "title": "A working holiday for Bindu", "text": "Looks like actress Bindu Madhavi knows how to combine work with pleasure.The actress, who last delivered an impressive performance as a factory worker in Kazhugu, starring Kreshna in the lead, will be shooting in the US for almost a month. And the girl says this will be a working holiday of sorts for her!Bindu says, \"I've signed up a film with Vinay Rai, which is being directed by cinematographer-turned-director Ramesh. My portions in this yetto-be-titled film will be shot in the US for about 25 days. We'll be leaving in the month of July, and I'm looking forward to this schedule. I'm hoping to make the best out of this trip!\"Talking about her role in the film, she says, \"In all my films, be it in Tamil or Telugu, I've always played a conservative girl from a rural background. Even in my last Tamil film, I appeared san makeup. And now, for the first time, I'll be playing an urban girl, an NRI at that, and I'm totally excited. I want my character to look completely fresh and upbeat.\"The film, which has music by Vijay Antony, is being planned as a Tamil-Telugu bilingual. Meanwhile, the Veppam girl is looking forward to performing live at an awards function in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14044805", "title": "City and Industrial Development Corporation area to see water cut today", "text": "NASHIK: Water supply from the Pawan Nagar water tank at New Nashik (Cidco) will be stopped on Tuesday afternoon so that urgent repairs on a 400mm bypass valve can be carried out.Uttam Nagar, Mahajan Nagar, Manik Nagar, Pandit Nagar, Upendra Nagar, Saigram, Ganesh Colony, Rajratna Nagar, Saibaba Nagar, Pavan Nagar, areas near Bhole Mangal Karyalay, Jagtap Nagar, Priyanka Park, Kalika Park and Untwadi are the areas that will not get water supply in the afternoon on June 12.On June 13, water will not be supplied in the morning at Trimurti Chowk, Shiv Shakti Chowk, Abhiyanta Nagar, Pavan Nagar and Flat System, area near Ahilyabai statue, Raigad Chowk, Torna Nagar, Uday Colony and Mahalaxmi Chowk. The water supply department has regretted the inconvenience and has appealed to the residents of these areas to cooperate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14038004", "title": "Want to join Rizvi college? Get a voter's card", "text": "MUMBAI: Students seeking admission to degree courses in any college under the Rizvi Education Society (RES) will have to produce their voter identity cards as one of the prerequisite documents for admissions. Beginning this year, in a drive to encourage more youngsters into participating in the election process, students have to submit their voting ID or get it within a year after the date of admission.RES, which runs a college each of architecture, management studies, law, hospitality management, apart from the regular arts, science and commerce colleges, has a total strength of 18,000 students. \"Out of the total strength, around 12,000 candidates are eligible voters. We want these students to get into the habit of voting. Most of these students do not have a voter ID, so we want to ensure that they acquire one and also use it for voting,\" said Abis Rizvi, secretary at the trust.\"Candidates for first-year degree courses will have to submit it at the time of the admission. If they do not have one, a special cell will maintain a record of such students and keep following it up with them throughout the year.\" The special team will constitute of teachers and volunteers from among the students.This project was taken up by the college management during the civic elections this year. All students were roped in to participate in the nine-day awareness campaign. \"Not voting is actually voting for corruption. We cannot change the party, but we can surely change the candidate in our area,\" said the secretary.The management has also approached the state election commissioner's office seeking their help in order to speed up the process of registration for so many students. \"We have also asked them if we could take the awareness campaign beyond our college campus too,\" said Rizvi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14044235", "title": "Legislative Council election: Nandiesh Reddy airlifted to vote", "text": "BANGALORE: An expensive but crucial vote was cast in the legislative council election on Monday, with the BJP ready to run that extra mile and get the voter to the polling booth, cost no bar!It took a chopper and zero traffic clearance to rush BJP MLA NS Nandiesh Reddy into Vidhana Soudha so he could cast his vote before the 4pm deadline. The party worked as a team on the logistics, and despite the nail-biting suspense, managed the vote which won the election for Vimala Gowda, who sailed through after facing some difficult moments.The drama commenced early in the day when Reddy, whose election from KR Puram constituency in Bangalore was set aside by the Karnataka High Court, chose to challenge the order in the Supreme Court. Around noon, when the apex court stayed the high court order and restored Reddy's membership, he had barely four hours to reach Bangalore from New Delhi and get to the polling booth.That's when a team led by home minister R Ashoka got into action to ensure his seamless journey from the capital to Bangalore. As Nandiesh Reddy landed at Bangalore airport at 3.05pm, a chopper chartered by party MP PC Mohan was ready on the tarmac, rotors whirring, to fly him to the booth. The plan was to land the chopper either in the Palace Grounds or at the helipads of either star hotel ITC Gardenia or UB City. Permission was not given as the copter was big, so it landed at Jakkur airfield.Here, Ashoka was waiting for him, armed with zero traffic clearance, and the convoy reached Vidhana Soudha at 3.45pm. The suspense did not end here. The returning officer wanted clearance from the Election Commission . This was coordinated by former minister Aravind Limbavalli and BJP spokesperson S Prakash, and came just in time to allow Reddy to vote, even as the 4pm deadline closed in.LIFE-AND-DEATH VOTESThis is not the first time the BJP has pulled out all stops to bring its members to the polling booth. In 2009, for the Bangalore Urban zilla panchayat poll, a bedridden MLC S Kailash was brought in an ambulance to the polling booth at the urban deputy commissioner's office. The ballot paper was taken to the ambulance and the process completed, but the returning officer ordered a repoll later.During the trust vote sought by former CM BS Yeddyurappa, MLA Eashanna Gulagannavar was also brought in an ambulance to the House .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14043122", "title": "Sun film off from cars: Privacy, safety level down", "text": "BANGALORE: Be just a little careful the next time you drop your high-value mobile on the dashboard, or even change your socks or touch up your lipstick: with sun film being stripped off your car windows, your privacy is definitely gone. Neither is safety guaranteed.No film, screens or curtains, police have ruled. \"The point of not having sun film is to let enough light enter the vehicle and increase visibility. How can we allow curtains?\" asked MA Saleem, additional commissioner of police (traffic).Transport department officials, too, agree that the Supreme Court has banned the use of screens and curtains which block out light. But they said the rule does not ban curtains.While Section 100 of the Central Motor Vehicles Act 1989 also does not ban the use of curtains for car windows, the apex court has made it clear that it cannot be allowed, claimed Saleem and added: \"We are following the SC diktat.\" Rule 100 of the Act stipulates 70% visibility for front and back windscreens and 50% for windows. Both traffic police and Regional Transport Officers (RTOs) are empowered to inspect your vehicle and penalize you. The deadline to remove sun film was extended to June 5.However, high-end cars of companies like Honda, Ford, Toyota, Audi, BMW, Mercedes, Porsche and Jaguar are exempt as they come with factory-fitted tinted glasses, and fall under the category of Original Equipment Manufacturer. The apex court order says the glass should be in the condition it was when delivered by the maker. Only owners of India-made vehicles, who have added tints to windows after purchasing their vehicles, will have to remove them.Safety is also at stake. \"My wife's wallet was stolen from the vehicle while the traffic cop was removing the sun film from her car windows in broad daylight, in the presence of the cop. It has its own demerits,'' said a commuter.FINES COLLECTEDAs on Sunday, RTOs had collected more than Rs 60,000 in fines. \"We booked 600 cars till Sunday and most of them are either first- or second-time offenders. Presently about 60% of cars in the city have removed sun film,\" said a senior transport department official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14037461", "title": "Petition seeks CBI probe into misuse of emergency quota", "text": "CHENNAI: A public interest petition has sought a probe by CBI into irregularities in emergency quota (EQ) in the railway reservation system and a set of foolproof guidelines to regulate it.If that is not possible, the EQ provision should be abolished, the petition filed by advocate C Jebakumar George said. It alleged rampant misuse of the quota, accounting for a 5,760 crore scam annually.The first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam, before which the matter came up for admission on Monday, adjourned the matter by six weeks, with a direction that the relevant papers be served on the railways for reply.According to the PIL, only a negligible benefit goes to the railways through EQs, as most of the money is siphoned off by railway staff and travel agents who make up to 300 each while selling tickets. Pointing out that the Southern Railway's headquarters at Chennai released 3,600 EQ tickets daily, he said the loss to the railways worked out to crores of rupees every year.Citing a February 2011 circular issued by the Railways on EQs, the petition said only VIPs shall be allotted EQ benefits. The circular further mandates that all request and allotment details shall be duly recorded in a diary for perusal and inspection later. The petitioner wanted the court to direct the Railway Board to issue detailed guidelines regarding the issue and not to release EQ for regular sleeper class coaches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14036345", "title": "Secunderabad Cantonment Board to fix water meters soon", "text": "HYDERABAD: To boost its income, the Secunderabad Cantonment Board (SCB) will fix water meters for residential connections. \"For the first time, the Cantonment Board will be fixing water meters in its jurisdiction. It will help us to monitor water usage and consumption. Recently, we had fixed water meters at pump houses and improved water supply. Now, we have decided to fix water meters of residential customers,\" a senior SCB water wing official told TOI.Though SCB has been issuing bills, it was not getting revenue as expected. Moreover, residents have been blaming the SCB for inadequate water supply.\"To avoid all these issues, we will fix water meters at the residences of our 16,000 customers,\" the official said.Initially, the SCB would fix meters at residences of customers who have been paying bills promptly. \"In our findings, residents of Mahendra Hills, Trimulgherry, Bowenpally, Bollarum and Karkhana have been found to be paying their water bills promptly,\" he added.In preliminary discussions with a private firm, which supplies water meters in the city, each unit cost has been pegged at Rs 480. \"We are planning to open counters on the premises of our pump houses for the convenience of customers to purchase water meters. The process of fixing water meters will start after three months,\" said the official.\"Once, the water meters are fixed, then SCB will issue water bills every month like Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWWS&SB;),\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14037739", "title": "Rains raise hopes of monsoon revival", "text": "PANAJI: Cloudy skies and spells of rains in the morning and evening in the city raised hopes of revival of the monsoon, but officials at the meteorological department are waiting for signs of a more active current.\"There are a few changes, but there is no active current,\" K V Singh, director of meteorological observatory, Altinho, Panaji , said.After some sharp showers, the sun emerged again in the afternoon, but there were intermittent showers in the evening and late night. \"An offshore trough is developing and there might be moderate to rather heavy rainfall,\" Singh said.The monsoon had advanced upto Harnai, just beyond Ratnagiri from Goa on June 6, 2012. \"But as the monsoon current is weak, it has not gone further than that,\" Singh said.The monsoon current suddenly weakened on Thursday morning after its advance over the state and the weather was largely dry for a few days in the city. Other parts of the state received intermittent showers.The total rainfall during the last 24 hours upto 8.30am on Monday was 6.5 mm while the seasonal total was 182.5 mm, a shortfall of 46.5 mm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14039009", "title": "Standard &amp; Poor's threat sullies Cong's global image", "text": "NEW DELHI: Global agency Standard &amp; Poor's threat to lower India's rating to \"speculative grade\" may have been rejected by finance minister Pranab Mukherjee , but it has served to heighten the sense of a slipping economy and an inadequate response.The possibility of becoming the first BRIC country to suffer such a downgrade is embarrassing as the government has taken some pride in India being seen to have better legal systems and stronger democratic credentials than others in the grouping.Yet, the rupee's travails against currencies like dollar, yuan and yen has added to an impression of fragility in the political system as the government looks to dispel gloomy predictions by trying to hasten investments in infrastructure and government programmes. In fact, notwithstanding Mukherjee's strong statement, S&P; report merely reflects the unease over economy that dominated the meeting of the Congress Working Committee precisely a week ago.The marathon deliberations had seen many participants lamenting the economic decline. Although they took care not to criticize either Prime Minister Manmohan Singh or finance minister Pranab Mukherjee, many of the participants minced no word to say that the \"blame-it-on-global-crisis\" tactic was not working with people.The S&P; comment on Congress being divided on reforms and the problems of political power being wielded by Congress president Sonia Gandhi while an \"unelected\" Prime Minister Manmohan Singh would be resented by the ruling party. Not too long ago, the Sonia-Singh partnership was hailed as success story.The Opposition has repeatedly sought to rub in the charge that the government has been paralyzed by its inner contradictions and allies, something that Congress contests.But there also, Congress leaders acknowledge and increasingly complaint about the lack of rapport between the government and the party. Doubts about the effectiveness of the PM who has had to bear the brunt of the attack and who has lately found himself directly in the crosshairs of the Opposition as well as Team Annna, have also increased.S&P; had lowered India's rating outlook to 'negative' from 'stable' in April and has now said, \"Moreover, paramount political power rests with the leader of the Congress party, Sonia Gandhi, who holds no Cabinet position, while the government is led by an unelected Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, who lacks a political base of his own.\"Problems have mounted for UPA-II not only in Parliament where it faces an upbeat Opposition while allies as well as outside supporters are becoming more demanding, the pace of governance has also been hit by a sluggish bureaucracy that is smelling a weakened government.The officialdom is also sullen because of investigative agencies putting senior bureaucrats in Maharashtra and Andhra Pradesh behind bars for cases like Adarsh and alleged corruption relating to the late Y S Rajshekhar Reddy. It has been felt that officials have been made to pay instead of political bosses and this has provided an excuse for an unofficial go-slow.The PM has urged the bureaucracy not to go into a shell, promising honest mistakes will not be punished, but trouble from single-minded allies like Trinamool Congress has eroded his political capital leading to Opposition quoting the international magazine Economist referring to Singh as a \"lame duck\".Disputes with domestic and foreign investors are not helping. The Budget's bid to impose retrospective taxation and a general anti-avoidance rule proposal that gives too much authority to the tax officials has attracted a sharp negative feedback.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14040041", "title": "EC announces UP council bypoll programme", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Election Commission has announced the programme of by-election to the Uttar Pradesh Legislative Council from Bahraich local authorities' constituency. According to chief electoral officer (CEO) Umesh Sinha, this seat has fallen vacant following resignation of its elected member Madhuri Verma. The notification for this election will be issued on June 15, the last date for filing nominations is June 22 and the last date for withdrawal of nominations is June 25, CEO informed. The election to this seat will be held on July 9 between 8 am and 4 pm and votes will be counted on July 12. The CEO said that with the announcement of the programme of by-election, provisions of model code of conduct have come into force. He said that ministers, whether central or state shall not make any official visit in any district(s) in which any biennial/by-election from a Council constituency is being held.Counselling begins: Counselling for admission to various engineering, pharmacy, management and applied sciences courses began at Integral University on Monday. Ghufran Ahmad, academic coordinator of the university informed that counselling for BTech programme will continue till June 15 followed by counselling for BTech, second year and other academic programmes, which will be over by July 14.Govt promotes 25 engineers: Government has promoted 25 assistant engineers of public works department to the post of executive engineers in the pay band-III (Rs 15,600-Rs 39,100 grade pay Rs 6600). The date of regular appointment of these engineers will be presumed after one year of probation and they will continue to discharge their duties on their present place of working till further orders.Executive committee meeting held: The executive committee of Industries Welfare Association, Uttar Pradesh at its meeting held here on Monday discussed the issue of one time settlement scheme (OTS) of outstanding house/water tax of the industrial units of UP from the year 2002-2003 to 2011-2012. Mohd Younus Siddiqui and Deepak Birmani, president and general secretary respectively of the association told the meeting that they have requested chief minister Akhilesh Yadav to implement the format of the OTS formula which was fixed by the then chief minister of UP Mulayam Singh Yadav in 2003. Siddiqui said that this formula will reduce the burden of industrial units and they enable them to pay all their outstanding house and water tax.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "mansa/barnala", "code": "14038427", "title": "Cow slaughter: Tension in Mansa, Barnala; Joga SHO suspended", "text": "MANSA/BARNALA: Joga village remained tense and volatile on Monday, a day after residents targeted a factory for slaughtering cows. There was complete bandh in Mansa, Barnala and Budhlada towns on Monday. An angry crowd torched four motorcycles at Mansa, presuming that they belonged to persons involved in ferrying the cows for slaughter. Curfew, though, was relaxed in Joga for six hours.Meanwhile, police booked five persons after recovering 88 bulls from nearby Bhainibhaga village even as Joga SHO Rajinderpal Singh was placed under suspension. Mansa SSP Sukhdev Singh Chahal was suspended on Sunday, for dereliction of duty in the aftermath violence triggered over the killing of cows.People had gone on rampage on Sunday, after word spread of slaughtering of more than 30 cows at animal bone crushing factory. Angry residents had damaged the factory and the houses of its three partners. When police failed to restore order, the district administration clamped a curfew. Besides, police had booked the factory partners for hurting religious sentiments and under Cow Slaughter (Prevention) Act.Following a call by Vishva Hindu Parishad for complete bandh in Mansa and Barnala, hundreds of residents and activists landed on the streets and forced the closure of business establishments. Some heated exchanges were also reported at Barnala. Angry Mansa residents staged a dharna and headed towards court road when they heard that some cows were being transported in a truck. Seeing them, the truck driver left in a huff, while four motorcyclists fled in fear after leaving behind their bikes. The crowds torched the bikes and set the cows free.Mansa DC Amit Dhaka said the administration was keeping a strict vigil and that the situation was under control.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14039095", "title": "Training workshop for mine workers", "text": "JAIPUR: The mine labour protection campaign (MLPC) in collaboration with the directorate of mines safety (DGMS) and the department of mines and geology is jointly holding six-days training on safety for the workers at Udaipur.The training started on Monday and will be held till June 16 at Rishabdeo, near Udaipur.About 50 persons are taking part. \"As per the mines Act it is mandatory for mine owners to seek consent from the DGMS to operate but over 90% of the leasses have violated this clause and now due to the intervention of MLPC, the government has provided them an opportunity to get themselves registered with the DGMS and also undergo the mandatory training as under mines vocational training rules 1966,\" explained Rana Sengupta, managing trustee of the MLPC.\"We also have three former asbestos mine workers in this training so that they can get employment as skilled workmen in other mines. This is the first time we will take such activity for the rehabilitation of the former asbestos mine workers,\" he added.MLPC has launched a safety help line for the mine workers. \"We are linking this phone line with the DGMS and hope that the ministry adopts it in near future. I hope the organizations working for mine labourers use this number across the country so that any accident in mines gets reported to the DGMS and necessary action is taken,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14040611", "title": "Panel expresses reservation on power setup", "text": "LUCKNOW: The UP Electricity Regulatory Commission on Monday expressed its reservations over the power infrastructure in the state capital, which is often leading to repeated power outages.The commission was petitioned by the UP Rajya Vidyut Upbhogta Parishad that the power system of Lucknow does not match the load that Lucknow Electricity Supply Administration (Lesa) seeks to increase.The authority has been asking the consumers to increase the load to ensure proper supply of power. However, the association said that as against the existing consumer load of over 18 lakh kilowatt, Lesa had infrastructure to support around 12 lakh kilowatt.\"The mismatch is telling on the existing power supply of the state capital during peak demand hours,\" said association president, AK Verma. Taking note of the petition, the commission wrote to GM Lesa that the upgradation of the power distribution network has not been done as per the norms of the Electricity Act.The reservation comes at a time when the top brass of UP Power Corporation Limited takes stocks of the situation of some of the power sub-stations in the state capital.Chairman, UPPCL, Avanish Awasthi had recently visited the sub-stations like Hanuman Setu and the one in Purania, which, have not been up to the requisite mark.Not surprisingly, various parts of the state capital have been witnessing repeated power cuts, which often get prolonged for more than five to six hours. Dhiresh Kumar, a resident of Janakipuram said that the power situation in the locality has gone from bad to worse. \"There are times when some parts of the locality do not receive electricity for the whole day,\" he claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "14036291", "title": "Man kills wife over trivial dispute in Goregaon", "text": "GONDIA: A 20-year old woman was killed by her husband at Padasgaon tehsil in Goregaon on Saturday.Maheshwari Chakate (20) was strangulated to death by her husband Mahendra Chakate, 26, after a triviale dispute. Sources said the couple had got up early morning on Saturday and there was some dispute between them.The dispute became so severe that Mahendra became violent and strangulated his wife, who died on the spot. The cause of the dispute is not yet known. Duggipar police are investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "14036292", "title": "Thane Municipal Transport workers thrash officers over dues", "text": "THANE: Four high-ranking officials of the loss-making Thane Municipal Transport (TMT) were beaten up by the undertaking's staffers at its Wagle Estate office on Monday as they were upset over non-payment of their allowances and other dues.TMT's personnel officer Damodar Nankar, along with officials from the accounts department Shivram Dhamanse of the accounts department and two other officials one Kole and P. Pinto were thrashed mercilessly by the irateClass 3 and Class 4 employees of the transportation department following a heated argument over pending arrears.The staffers alleged they have not been paid their dues, collectively exceeding Rs 30 crore, for the last four years because of inefficient handling of day-to-day affairs of the TMT and corruption among its senior officials.The staffers barged into Nankar's cabin and demanded to know why their dues dearness allowance, and dues towards leave travel allowance, medical allowance and over-time wages exceeding to Rs 30 crores have not been paid. made to them. It was pointed out that employees of the Thane municipal corporation, who were given the pay structure as recommended by the sixth pay commission , were getting their arrears in installments every three months. However, the TMT employees have been discriminated against and that they wanted immediate clearance of all dues.Nankar, who is said to have tried to reason with the angry staffers, was assaulted and beaten up. The three other officials who tried to intervene were also thrashed by the staffers. It was with much difficulty that the mob was persuaded to leave the premises. All the four staffers were later taken to Thane civil hospital for treatment.The Shreenagar police are investigating the offence and are still to make any arrest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14044176", "title": "I want to play for my brother: Sanyogita Ghorpade", "text": "PUNE: It is not easy for a player when they lose their dear ones, particularly when the tragedy happens early in their career. More often than not, they break down and it is very difficult to focus on the game thereafter.However, Sanyogita Ghorpade is different. She lost her elder brother Siddhant in a tragic car accident on February 12 but life goes on for this talented Pune shuttler. Representing Daring Doves in the Maharashtra Badminton League, Sanyogita proved her worth. Equally good in singles and doubles, she guided her team to triumph.In the badminton fraternity of Pune district no one wants to remember that day when Siddhant along with another national-level player Saurabh Paralikar were killed in a road accident on the Mumbai-Bangalore Expressway near Balewadi Sports Complex, near Pune. The other player Devavrat Bhalerao survived the mishap. The trio was returning to Pune after having their dinner when their car suddenly lost control and rammed into the roadside tree.\"Obviously, I was shattered and didn't know what to do. The thought of leaving the badminton did cross my mind. But my parents, my coaches and my friends supported me a lot. They were with me when I required them the most. It is only because of their love I did not stop playing badminton. They urged me to continue and helped me overcome the tragedy,\" Sanyogita told TOI.The 19-year-old now wants to achieve something for her departed brother. She believes that her good show on the court will be the real tribute to her beloved brother.\"There was around two years' age difference between us. We grew up together. We played together. He was more like a friend than brother. He was a good badminton player and I learnt a lot from him. Now I am only playing for him. I want to achieve something for him. I am sure my brilliant performance will make him happy up there,\" said Sanyogita, a BCom third year student of BMCC College, Pune.So far, Sanyogita represented junior Indian team twice. She was part of the national squad during the international badminton tournament in Japan in 2099 and Asian Badminton Confederation Championship which was held in Kuala Lampur (Malaysia) in 2010.Currently, she is ranked 13 in the women's singles in India. \"I am determined to make badminton as a career. I hope to do well in the forthcoming season and break into the top-5 in BAI rankings. I am eager to make a mark for myself in the national circuit which will boost my chances to get into the senior India team,\" said Sanyogita, who finished runner-up in the All-India tournament in Bareilly a couple of years ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14041175", "title": "Japanese flavour to enrich Rath Yatra", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: While pilgrims are waiting with bated breath for the ensuing Rath Yatra, the annual festival brings extra cheer for film buffs this year with the Japan Foundation, Consulate General of Japan, Kolkata and India Japan Friendship Centre (IJFC) jointly organizing a two-day Japanese film festival and exhibition during the nine-day car festival in Puri.The proposed programme aims at commemorating the 60th anniversary of establishment of diplomatic relations between Japan and India. As part of the anniversary, the Japan Foundation, Japan Embassy and Consulate General of Japan in Kolkata have jointly been organizing cultural exchange programmes in different places in India.\"Keeping in mind the huge congregation of tourists from across the country and abroad for the forthcoming Rath Yatra, Japan chose Puri as its venue for conducting cultural programmes,\" IJFC (India chapter) president S K Dash told TOI. \"The film festival will be held on June 23 and 24 at Santana Hotel in Puri. We urge the tourism department to supply us with brochures and leaflets to distribute among Japanese tourists. A Japanese delegation is scheduled to arrive in Puri soon. The Japanese visitors will enjoy Rath Yatra and learn Odia art and culture,\" Dash said.Film screening will continue for six hours on June 23 and four hours the next day. A number of Japanese musical instruments, including giant drums, will be kept on display to woo the crowd.Like last year, IJFC will organize a chariot-pulling ceremony on the occasion of Rath Yatra on June 21. A miniature chariot, constructed by some Japanese tourists last year, would be tugged on the Chakratirtha Road. \"Unlike the chariots of Jagannath temple, we did not dismantle the small chariot. The same chariot will be pulled this time as well,\" Dash said.Impressed by the craftsmanship of carpenters engaged in construction of chariots, some Japanese tourists had constructed a small chariot under the guidance of a carpenter last year. Their rath was a big hit, with over a hundred foreigners, mostly from Japan and Korea, pulling the chariot with elan last time.Naoto Sakamoto, a Japanese tourist said, \"We are eagerly looking forward to the mega festival this year.\" The touring Japanese delegation that will conduct the film festival will also take part in the chariot-pulling ceremony.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14044118", "title": "Student Federation of India march to SP's office turns violent, seven hurt", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The protest march taken out by the Student Federation of India (SFI) to the office of the district superintendent of police turned violent on Monday and left two policemen and five protestors injured in stone throwing and scuffle.The SFI activists were protesting against the 'inaction' of the state government in nabbing the culprits responsible for the murder of Idukki SFI district vice-president Aneesh Raj. Police resorted to lathi-charge and used water cannons as the protesters engaged in heavy stone throwing.P Pramod, inspector of police at the Kasaba station, and civil police officer, Mukti Das were injured in the stone-throwing.The march, taken out by the SFI from Muthalakulam grounds at 12 noon, was blocked by the police in front of the LIC office. The protesters tried to overturn the barricades and break through the police cordon soon after the inaugural speech by SFI state vice president S K Sajeesh. The police used water cannons to disperse the protesters. They however regrouped in front of the central library and Vaikkom Mohammed Basheer Road and pelted stones at the police. Several vehicles which were parked in the area were damaged in the stone throwing. Vehicular traffic through the main Mananchira junction remained affected for more than 30 minutes due to the violence.The police have registered cases against 34 SFI activists in connection with the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14037177", "title": "Centre weighs legal strength of IITs\u2019 stand", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a bid to thwart the growing opinion against the common entrance test (CET) within the Indian Institutes of Technology (IITs), the government is examining the legal strength of the position taken by the IIT Senates. So far, the human resource development (HRD) ministry has adopted a wait-and-watch policy even as senates of IIT Kanpur and Kharagpur rejected the government's decision to participate in the CET.Sources in the HRD ministry said that according to the IIT Act the Senates are neither autonomous nor do they have unfettered rights in the matters of academic concerns of the Institute. \"It is the IIT Council, rather than the senate, who is empowered to set the admission standards and other related academic matters,\" a source pointed out.The decision taken by the IIT-Kanpur will have to get the nod of its board of governors in keeping with the IIT Act. According to section 13 of the Act, the Board of Governors (BoG) has the right to review the acts made by the senate, by another clause modify and cancel ordinances.While Section 15 of the IIT Act gives control and general regulation responsibility for maintenance of \"standards of instruction, education and examination in the Institute\" to the senate, sources said that the function of the Senate did not include 'admission standards', which is in the exclusive domain of the IIT Council.The ministry has been caught in a bind. While endorsed by the IIT Council, the \"one nation, one test\" issue has been close to HRD minister Kapil Sibal's heart. Sources said that the ministry would have to take a political decision on postponing the exams to 2014 or will face the risk of alienating the powerful faculty lobby. \"While the BoG can overrule the senates, it will put the faculty on a path of direct confrontation with the administration and management which is best avoided,\" a source said.Meanwhile, IIT Delhi Alumni Association and All India IIT Faculty Federation \u2014 the two organizations opposing the government's move most vehemently\u2014 have sought a meeting with the Prime Minister to apprise him of the situation that has arisen out of the ministry's announcement of new JEE on May 28.Sources said that IIT Kanpur professors had also written to the PM protesting against the new format.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "faizabad", "code": "14041094", "title": "Wheat stock awaits nature's onslaught, colossal loss", "text": "FAIZABAD: Even as people across the state eagerly wait for year's first major showers to give them relief from the intense heatwave, officials of the Regional Food Controller's office of Faizabad wish exactly the opposite.The reason behind officials' negative mindset regarding monsoon, is that if it rains, then wheat worth more than rupees 10 crore purchased by the government to allot to the poor and distribute it through PDS will get wet and subsequently spoiled. Officials have been unsuccessful in arranging space to store the wheat in safe places before the purchase is made.Thousand of metric tonnes of wheat is lying unattended under open sky. In Faizabad division, which consists of Faizabad, Ambedkar Nagar, Barabanki, Sultanpur and CSM Nagar, as many as 297 wheat purchase centres have been established and according to the official sources till June 4; 2,32,419 metric tonne wheat have been purchased.The purchasing of wheat by the government agencies is in full swing, but the departmental officials are least bothered about the storage. All the godowns of Food Corporation of India, Central Warehousing Corporation in Faizabad district are over-loaded much more that their capacitiesTalking to TOI, regional food controller of Faizabad division, Ravi Shankar Pandey, said, \"Some storage space has been arranged in the godowns of local sugar mills and rice mills to store about 15,000 metric tonne of wheat. However, these are still not accommodating the total purchased wheat. I hope within a week, we will be successful in storing all wheat in godowns.\"Now the ground reality is that thousand metric tonnes of wheat can be found lying under open sky without any security and safety.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14051364", "title": "Raaja\u2019s NEP tunes out in July", "text": "Director Gautham Menon is furiously working towards launching the audio of his Tamil-Telugu bilingual, Neethaane En Ponvasantham (NEP), by the first week of July.He wrote on his micro-blogging site, \"Music of NEP and Yeto Vellipoyindhi Manasu (its Telugu version) will be out very soon. First week of July. Maybe even 1st of July. Really hoping that everybody likes the music...\"The film, which has Samantha, Jiiva and Nani as the lead in the two version, has music by Ilaiyaraaja. This is the first time that Raaja is teaming up with Gautham Menon. The duo had even spent a couple of days in London, where the maestro was composing for the flick.Gautham further updated his fans on his future assignments, writing, \"Yohan (with Vijay) will start his journey in July. We're also producing Tamilselvanum Thaniyaar Anjalum, to be directed by Prem Sai. Jai and Richa will play the lead in the Tamil version;, Nithin will be playing the protagonist in Telugu one. Some really sweet tunes composed by Karthik. Filming starts on June 14.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14043233", "title": "20% rise in people with heart trouble", "text": "LUDHIANA: Indulging their love for food rich in oil and 'ghee' and being lax about exercising in the middle of their packed schedules is putting Ludhiana's industrialists at higher risk of coronary artery disease. Doctors in the city say there has been a 20% increase in the number of cases in the last 10 years.Kailash Matta, 63, a businessman from New Tagore Nagar realized this the hard way. He was recently admitted in Hero Heart Centre of Dayanand Medical College and Hospital (DMCH) after he complained of chest pain. Doctors diagnosed him with coronary artery disease.Another leading industrialist from South City who requested not to be quoted sought a cardiologist at Christian Medical College and Hospital after suffering severe chest pain. Doctors had to perform angioplasty to remove excess fat deposited in his arteries supplying blood to heart for purification, which is later supplied to various parts of the body.The disturbing trend in leading city hospitals suggests that coronary artery diseases, caused by narrowing or blocking of blood vessels due to fat deposition, is the main cardiovascular disease among the elite and middle class in this industrial town. Says Dr Naved Aslam, associate professor and senior consultant, cardiology at DMCH, \"Among different cardiovascular diseases, coronary artery disease is most common in Ludhiana. Normally, we see 50-70 patients of cardiovascular diseases at DMCH of which more than 50% suffer from coronary artery diseases. Over the last decade there has been increase of 15-20% cases in Ludhiana.\"According to Dr Aslam the disease is mainly caused due to fat deposition in the arteries which in turn is due to apple or pot obesity (in the abdomen area). High intake of oily foods, junk foods, sedentary lifestyle with little physical activity, work stress, smoking and drinking, family history are some of the reasons for coronary artery disease.Reasoning the high percentage, he adds, \"In Ludhiana, the incidence is higher as it's a rich industrial city where people love to eat oily food and their life is stressful due to high business activity. To add to this they have sedentary lifestyle with little physical activity.\"Another cardiologist, Dr Rajneesh Calton, professor of cardiology at CMCH, says, \"I get a lot of industrialists patients who suffer from coronary artery disease. We are doing a good number of angioplasties to remove fat in patients with this disease.\" He adds among 50 to 100 cardiovascular disease patients they see every day, 60-70% cases are of coronary artery diseases. In men, the age groups where most cases are reported is between 40 to 50 years. However, now cases are also being reported among younger people too. In case of women since there is hormonal protection, the coronary artery disease occurrence is delayed by 10 years.Dr Jasprakash Singh Grewal, senior consultant in cardiology at SPS Apollo Hospital, says, \"Lifestyle modification with less oily and sugary food, exercise and brisk walking, meditation, avoiding tobacco and alcohol helps to keep the disease in check.\" However, Dr Grewal says more people are aware about the disease because of which an increased number of cases of coronary artery diseases are referred to them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14040283", "title": "Girls shun union fear, seek admission in Lucknow University", "text": "LUCKNOW: Contrary to the belief that the number of girls seeking admission in Lucknow University may come down due to fear of violence and eve-teasing following revival of students union, a good number of girls have applied for undergraduate courses.Sample this. In BA (Hons), out of total 259 forms received, 149 are girls as against 110 boys. A total of 590 forms have come for BSc (biology). Out of this, 337 are girls and 253 boys. In BCom (Hons), 291 girls have applied against 297 boys. Girls have also outnumbered boys in applications received for BFA course. A total of 117 girls have applied for the course against 87 boys. In other courses like BCom, girls are behind boys only marginally. As against 1,281 applications received from boys, 964 have come from girls.Citing the trend as healthy, LU admission coordinator Prof Rajeev Pandey said, \"The number of applications from girl has surprised us. We were expecting a decrease in the number of girls due to the revival of students union. But the figures have shown that girls are ready to take the challenge.''University officials added that with five more days remaining to fill up the forms, the number of girls and boys applicants could come closer. If last year figures are an indication, 61.7% boys sought admission in LU against 38.3% girls. As high as 52.6% girls had applied for BA (Hons), 57% for BSc (biology), 48% for BCom (Hons), 41.7% for LLB (Hons), 38.8% and 37.1% for BCom and BA respectively. The least number of applications (31%) from girls had come for BSc (Maths). Interestingly, girls dominated the university's admission merit list last year.\"The figures of boys seeking admission might be more than girls but the trend is that nearly 70% girls are enrolled as against 30% boys in the university,'' said a university official, adding that this year's figures show that girls have to join LU despite revival of students union.\"I feel there is nothing to fear from the student union. The scenario five years back was different,'' said a student seeking admission in BCom (Hons). tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14038000", "title": "Guardian minister for year-long road repairs", "text": "MUMBAI: Jayant Patil, guardian minister for the island city, has written to Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) commissioner Sitaram Kunte to follow a year-long planned programme instead of a last-moment drive for cleaning of nullahs and drains, and repair of potholes, in preparation for the monsoon. Patil has written a similar letter to the Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA).Patil, who holds the rural development portfolio in the Congress-Nationalist Congress Party-led Democratic Front government, had been irked with bumpy rides during the monsoons in 2010. He had taken additional municipal commissioners Ashish Singh, Aseem Gupta and Manisha Mhaiskar around the city in his car for a first-hand experience of potholes.\"I have suggested that the BMC and MMRDA conduct quarterly audits of work such as cleaning of drains and nullahs, and general cleanliness. The audits will help the civic agency plan its strategy for Mumbai, monitor projects and, most importantly, avoid last-minute, ad hoc measures,\" Patil said. \"Quarterly audits will help reduce inconvenience caused to Mumbaikars during the monsoons,\" he added.Patil's letter comes as the civic administration is struggling to wrap up repairs of potholes in some areas.AGNI coordinator James John is skeptical about Patil's letter having an impact. \"Knowing the civic body, the BMC after completing a quarterly audit, will take another three months to compile a report. By the time the report reaches Mr Patil, and he recommends action against erring officials, it will take another three months. In a year, there will be maximum two reports for review. This will not fetch results,\" John said.\"Civic officials gear up for monsoon-related work merely two months before. It affects work quality. Instead, the civic administration should have monthly programmes for cleaning and carrying out repairs of roads,\" he added.Times ViewMumbai again seems unprepared to tackle monsoon. Targets have not been achieved either because of contractors' delay (road repairs and removal of silt from nullahs) or bureaucratic red tape (tree-trimming ). It's a shame that Mumbai's caretakers (that includes the MMRDA as well) have not been able to take advantage of the slight delay in the arrival of monsoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14038135", "title": "Bhiwani panchayat decides murder case \u2018to help poor family\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A social panchayat in Haryana has imposed a penalty of Rs 10 lakh on the four youth, who are facing allegations of murder in connection with death of a villager in Bhiwani district.Over 500 villagers from 13 villages attended the panchayat held at Garanpura Kalan village on Sunday. The panchayat was called in connection with the death of Sita Ram, 48, on May 22. The deceased's family was alleging that Sita Ram died after a scuffle with the four youth of a neighbouring village.Gulab Singh Verma, who headed the panchayat, said both the parties have given them their consent for compromise in writing. \"The accused admitted to their 'mistake' and have agreed to pay the fine on or before June 30,\" he said.According to Verma, who is a former sarpanch of Dani Dariyapur, the complainant would withdraw the complaint once the amount is paid. \"We have taken a decision to end the enmity between the two parties. It would also help the poor family of Sita Ram, who has left behind four daughters and a son,\" he said.A truck driver, Sita Ram had got into a scuffle while returning to his village. \"He was attacked when he objected to their (youths) stealing of bricks from a small bridge over an irrigation nullah in our fields. Sita Ram died a few hours after the scuffle,\" said a villager. He said police lodged an FIR against the accused for damage to government property and not a murder case.The panchayat decision has come at a time when self-styled panchayats of Haryana have been drawing flak for their \"interference in matrimonial cases and extra-constitutional powers\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14037045", "title": "District level cells to check female feticide in Maharashtra", "text": "PUNE: The state health department has decided to establish pre-conception and pre-natal diagnostics techniques (PCPNDT) cells at district levels across the state in the next one year. It is aimed at setting up monitoring mechanism in the interiors to curb cases of female feticide by effectively enforcing the PCPNDT Act.The Union government has already approved Rs 1.80 crore - Rs 5.47 lakh for each district - for this under the National Rural Health Mission. For the last one year, the cell has been functioning in the cities at the level of municipal corporations in Maharashtra.\"The district level cell will have a dedicated staff comprising a medical officer, a legal advisor and a data entry operator. The cell will ensure that the PCPNDT Act is implemented in letter and spirit in the interiors of the state. The cell will also ensure that criminal complaints are lodged against erring doctors/sonography centres. The cell will file watertight cases that would successfully stand in the court,\" S J Kulkarni, assistant director, state health services, told TOI on Monday.There are 33 districts in the state, and each will have a cell. \"Each district is entitled to Rs 5.47 lakh to set up the cell. The staff at the district level cell will be recruited on contract basis,\" Kulkarni said.\"The formation of the PCPNDT cells at the district level will expedite the pending PCPNDT complaints filed in different courts across the state. This will eventually bring about uniformity in drafting, presenting and conducting cases,\" said medico-legal consultant Milind Salunkhe.\"Such a cell would also make search and seizure inspections carried out by all appropriate authorities, including district collector, additional district collector, medical superintendent of rural hospitals, tahsildar, naib-tahsildar, sub divisional officer, civil surgeon as per the procedures laid down in the PCPNDT Act, rule as well Code of Criminal Procedure,\" Salunkhe added.This is one crime where the doctor doing the test and the couple getting the test done are hand in glove. There is little possibility of a complaint being filed. Hence, establishing district level cells is a good idea to act against violators of the PCPNDT Act, said experts in the field.Officials said the cell would need to file airtight cases and get evidence which stands the scrutiny of the court.The PCPNDT Act is an important tool in helping improve the skewed child sex ratio in the country. The main purpose is to ban use of sex selection techniques before /after conception and check misuse of pre-natal diagnostic techniques for sex determination.The Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques (Regulation and Prevention of Misuse) Act, 1994 came into force on January 1, 1996. The amended Pre-conception and Pre-natal Diagnostic Techniques (PCPNDT) Act, 2002 came into force on February 14, 2003.Total 317 cases have been filed against doctors in the state for flouting various provisions of the PCPNDT Act. Of these, 90 have been decided so far and 41 doctors have been convicted. Pune has registered 40 cases against doctors and 29 of them are pending.In Pune rural, eight cases have been registered against doctors, of which only one has been decided, while in Pimpri-Chinchwad, of the six cases filed, only one has been decided.Of the 317 cases in the court, 58 pertain to non-registration of ultrasound machines., 31 are decoy cases where doctors have been caught in sting operations while conducting illegal sex determination and 219 are regarding non-maintenance of records. There are 8,161 registered ultrasound centres in the state, of which 420 have been sealed. In Pune, 45 of the 381 registered ultrasound centres have been sealed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14036203", "title": "Youths on bike rob collection agent", "text": "NAGPUR: A collection agent was robbed of Rs 1.68 lakh cash and 12 cheques by two knife-wielding youths near Dattatreya Nagar garden on Sunday night.Victim Ambadas Rathod (28), working for a private company, was heading to the NMC office at Civil Lines to deposit money that he had collected from 18 octroi posts. The collected money was to be deposited at NMC office. Rathod had started the collection at 3pm and ended around 10.30pm. He and his driver Mustafa Shaikh was travelling in a four-wheeler.\"We took the last collection from Hudkeshwar and were heading to Civil Lines when two youths on a bike suddenly stopped in front of our car,\" said Rathod.The pillion rider came near the driver's window and accused Shaikh of careless driving. \"He started abusing Shaikh. When I interrupted, the youth opened the door and came to me,\" he said.Before Rathod and Shaikh could react, the youth placed a knife on Rathod's neck and asked Shaikh to drive slowly. The youth riding the bike followed them.The robber asked both Rathod and Shaikh to handover their cellphones. Rathod was slightly injured when he tried to resist. After a few minutes, Shaikh was asked to stop on a dark stretch of the road. The robber inside the car took Rathod's bag containing the cheques, cash and some other documents. He then got down from the car, and fled on the bike. Rathod said one more youth on a bike followed the thieves' bike.Rathod and Shaikh immediately informed the senior officials and later lodged a police complaint. \"We have shown some pictures of known criminals to the victim,\" said A P Lengre, senior police inspector of Sakkardara police station, the investigating officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14044437", "title": "Confederation of Indian Industry to develop soft-skills among engineering , management and ITI students in Nashik", "text": "NASHIK: With an aim to develop soft skills among students, the Nashik chapter of Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) is planning to implement the project 'Finishing School' in Nashik, on the lines of an existing training programme in Pune.Three batches are to be started shortly for students from engineering and management streams and those belonging to Industrial Training Institute (ITI). The CII has also tied up with K K Wagh College of Engineering and ITI, Satpur, over this training initiative.Pradeep Bhargava, Chairman, CII, Western Region, said, \"The objective of Finishing School is to provide soft skills coaching to students graduating from engineering, business management and ITI. The programme has met with success in Pune and will soon be introduced in Nashik.\" Students currently studying in their pre final year/semester of their course stand to benefit from the training which has been successful in Pune and will soon be introduced in Nashik as well would benefit from the Finishing School. This project was first commenced in Pune and was so successful there. We are also planning to implement this concept in Nashik, shortlyFinishing School will aim to develop students' soft skills to improve their employability as global professionals are integral to success in any profession the world overwhich have now become extremely important for success in any profession anywhere in the world. The cutting edge of the finishing school is the development of the framework and its contents through a collaborative effort between industry, educational institutions and specialized learning management system providers. The touchstone of this finishing school is to deliver a more polished budding professional. In that sense, the challenge of the finishing school is to build and enhance the confidence level of the students by providing them early exposure to their future work places.\"Initially, we are commencing three batches with the help of K K Wagh College of Engineering and ITI, Satpur. Each batch will have around 30 students. The coaching of 60 hours will be imparted to engineering and management students, while coaching of 30 hours to be imparted to ITI students. The coaching will be conducted around three hours on weekends,\" Bhargava said.Areas of training would include Objectives of the Finishing School include enhancing confidence levels, providing a enhancing multi-industry perspective with an opportunity to meet senior industry personnel, holding group discussions, learning business etiquette and presentation skill. , enhancing impact and quality of formal Presentation skills, improving the quality of confidently facing an interview.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14036810", "title": "Team Anna expects big turnout", "text": "HYDERABAD: Team Anna's anti-corruption crusaders are all set to address their maiden public meeting in the city on June 13 where the focus is going to be the 15 Union cabinet ministers whom they have identified as major hurdles preventing the passage of a strong Lokpal bill.The speakers, among them Arvind Kejriwal and Kiran Bedi , are expected to highlight the corruption charges against these cabinet ministers, including Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , home minister P Chidambaram, finance minister Pranab Mukherjee, science and technology minister Vilasrao Deskmukh and human resources development minister Kapil Sibal.Giving out these details at a news briefing in the city, members of India Against Corruption's Hyderabad chapter exuded confidence that the public meeting will see participation by a significant number of citizens. The public meeting is scheduled to be held at the Wesley College grounds, Secunderabad from 5pm to 8pm. \"This is a roadmap for the indefinite fast programme from July 25 in Delhi. Apart from the importance of the bill, the members will also show how the present inflation is the result of rampant corruption which can only be curtailed through a strong Lokpal bill.\" said C Chandrasekhar, spokesperson, IAC-Hyderabad chapter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14037174", "title": "Play speaks of social insensitivity", "text": "NAGPUR: Sunday afternoon saw a very different mix of audience who had gathered at Dr Vasantrao Deshpande Hall to watch a play 'The Lost Humans' and also to applaud the felicitation of actors held later. Staged by Bahujan Rangabhoomi, the play written and directed by Virendra Ganvir, is an attempt to explore the various facets of social injustice. Therefore the presence of a good number of youngsters in the audience bore an eloquent testimony of the concerns that grip the youth today.Ganvir uses his protagonist Sama, a poor farmer and his son Samar, to take up various evils like caste system, greed, corruption, unemployment , the Anna Hazare revolution and even globalization. Samar who wants to be a musician faces many hurdles as he sets out to pursue his dream and ultimately realizes that more than talent one needs money and connections to make it big. His struggle and sorrows peak with the death of his father and it is then that he takes up the path of revolution to break the shackles of caste, exploitation and corruption.The director has used the philosophy of Lord Buddha and also the doctrine of Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar to provide answers to various modern day problems. But more than the theme of the play it is the treatment and the format which is interesting. Ganvir has made use of many forms of theatre like ballad, street play, folk and abstract to bring out the various facets of the drama. Twenty-two very young actors enthuse freshness to a theme which is otherwise heavy and morbid.Beginning with a ballad that helps etch out the constant fight between hope and despair, the play makes good use of music and light to augment the dramatic effect. This more than makes up for the amateur skills of the actors.Ganvir who revels in intensity of thought says that he wrote the play to voice his concerns about the loss of humanity in today's society. \"We are all driven by greed and ambition. This has made us very insensitive. Theatre today is very professional and the themes usually are about sex and humour. Through this play I hope to give a social message and draw the focus on the problems plaguing the society.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14037605", "title": "From Rs 7, govt now hikes paddy support price to Rs 17", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar , who also holds the agriculture portfolio, on Monday announced a series of new initiatives in agriculture including his government's decision to hike the support price for paddy from Rs 7 of the earlier government to Rs 17 for the current season.Briefing the media, Parrikar said that the importance his government gives to agriculture can be gauged from the fact that he as chief minister is himself holding the agriculture portfolio. He said the earlier Congress government announced a support price of Rs 7 for paddy. But the price of paddy fell to 6 and the farmers got only 13 which is unaffordable, Parrikar said. He also said that the payments were never made and that his BJP government would now clear all cheques by June 15.Parrikar said that the support price of Rs 17 for paddy was 60% higher than that of any state in India. Parrikar also announced the modification of the Shetkari Adhar Nidhi scheme. Earlier, when wild animals damaged or destroyed farmers' crops, the compensation was paid by the forest department. Parrikar said that the forest department officials were reluctant to pay the compensation. The scheme to pay this compensation has now been incorporated into the Shetkari Adhar Nidhi scheme of the agriculture department , Parrikar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "karwar", "code": "14041439", "title": "Kaiga gets cabinet nod for Units 5,6", "text": "KARWAR: The Kaiga Generating Station (KGS) has got the nod for setting up Units 5 and 6 by the Union cabinet. It is awaiting clearance from the ministry of environment and forest.J P Gupta, site director of Kaiga nuclear power station, said on Monday that the Nuclear Power Corporation of India Limited (NPCIL) has identified 10 places in the country to set up the nuclear reactors of 700 mw and Kaiga is one among them. The reactors would be set up on priority basis in these places, he said.After setting up of Unit 5 and 6, Karnataka will get 50% of the electricity generated in KGS. The KGS has made a profit of Rs 165 crore in the financial year 2011-12, he added.Gupta said since the last four months, all the four units of KGS have been operating continuously producing 650 MW of electricity. Unit 2 of KGS which is operating from June 3, 2011, completed a year of continuous operation.This year the 'Power Line' award given for production of electricity was bestowed on KGS.The KGS got the best performing Nuclear Station Award, which was presented by Union power minister Sushil Kumar Shinde . Apart from this Kaiga also got the the award of the fourth best nuclear power unit in the world, he said.Health surveyGupta said that the health survey Tata Medical Centre is conducting in and around Kaiga plant and also in other parts of the country where there are nuclear power stations, is independent and NPCL has no say in it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14049761", "title": "Krishna arrives in Washington for India-US Strategic Dialogue", "text": "WASHINGTON: External affairs minister S M Krishna arrived here to hold the third India-US Strategic Dialogue with secretary of state Hillary Clinton during which the two leaders are expected to discuss a range of bilateral and regional issues including Afghanistan and Pakistan .Hours before Krishna arrived here on Monday afternoon by a Acela train from New York, Clinton set the tone for the talks by announcing that India has \"significantly\" reduced its dependence on Iranian oil and this would get waiver from the Iranian sanctions act of the US Congress.The Strategic Dialogue, said external ministry spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin, is a reflection of the vastness of the India-US relationship and the breadth of engagement between the two countries.\"The issues on the table are pretty clear... it covers a whole host of things apart from discussing strategic and regional issues, we would also have issues related to human resources development, we have issues related to women empowerment and a whole set of issues, homeland security,\" the spokesperson said.\"We have a very elaborate delegation. We hope to engage in a very candid and forthright manner with the US counterparts,\" the spokesperson said.Noting that it is difficult to bring down the India-US relationship to a single issue, he said the Strategic Dialogue would focus on a diverse range of issues.Krishna is accompanied by a number of his top ministerial colleagues including minister for science and technology Vilasrao Deshmukh , Union health and family welfare minister Ghulam Nabi Azad , deputy chairman of Planning Commission Montek Singh Ahluwalia and Prime Minister's public information infrastructure and innovation advisor Sam Pitroda.Others include minister of state (independent charge) for women and child development Krishna Tirath, minister of state for planning, S&T; and earth sciences Ashwini Kumar, foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai, home secretary R K Singh, director of Intelligence Bureau Nehchal Sandhu, secretary for higher education Ashok Thakur and other senior officials.Krishna is scheduled to address tomorrow the annual meet of the US India Business Council, the largest bilateral trade organisation based in Washington and the premier business advocacy group advancing the Indo-US commercial ties.\"Krishna's participation will provide a boost of confidence into what has been a rewarding US-India commercial partnership these past 20 years, since India first opened its economy in 1991,\" USIBC president Ron Somers said.Ahead of the Strategic Dialogue on June 13, the two sides started a number of sub-dialogues, including the Global Issues Forum, Homeland Security Consultations, Strategic Intelligence Dialogue, the Counterterrorism Joint Working Group, Cyber Consultations, Information and Communications Technology Working Group, the Women's Empowerment Dialogue, Dialogue on Health Cooperation and other events.Indian ambassador to the US Nirupama Rao said the Strategic Dialogue will have discussions on five themes, strategic, defence, homeland security, counter-terrorism and intelligence; economic, energy, climate; S&T;, innovation and health; higher education and empowerment; and regional strategies and linkages.On the margins of and preceding the Strategic Dialogue, Union human resources development Minister Kapil Sibal will co-chair a meeting with Clinton on education related issues.Meanwhile, Deshmukh today co-chaired the joint science and technology commission meeting with John Holdren, President Barack Obama's advisor on science and technology.Azad will co-convene with Clinton and UNICEF, a Call to Maternal and Child Care Action on June 14-15 here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14040834", "title": "16 Uttar Pradesh Rajkiya Nirman Nigam officials suspended", "text": "LUCKNOW: Sixteen top officials of the Uttar Pradesh Rajkiya Nirman Nigam (UPRNN) were suspended by the Samajwadi Party-led state government for their alleged involvement in the multi-crore scam in the construction of the Kanshi Ram Memorial during the regime of Mayawati.The suspended officials include four general managers and a dozen project managers of the UPRNN.The action was ordered by public works minister (PWD) Shivpal Yadav, who has been all out to expose the large scale pilferage of funds in the construction of memorials and monuments by former chief minister Mayawati.A whopping sum of Rs 7,000 crore of taxpayer's money was spent on BSP supremo's \"dream projects.\"The 220-acre memorial-cum-park was christened by Mayawati as 'Manyavar Kanshiram Ji Memorial and Green Eco Garden'. Announcing punitive action against the officials, Yadav said that a preliminary inquiry carried out on his instructions has shown that Mayawati's officials have pilfered anything between 150- 200 per cent of the actual expenditure on the memorial.\"I am firmly of the view that the pilfered money must be recovered from these officials after a thorough probe,\" he added.The suspended officials include general managers S Kumar, A K Gautam, Awani Kumar and Rajbeer Singh, an official statement issued here said.Uttar Pradesh Rajkiya Nirman Nigam was a construction agency involved in various dream projects of former chief minister Mayawati.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14040936", "title": "Bhavika Mehta's kin want railway job for her", "text": "MUMBAI: The family of Bhavika Mehta (24), who lost a leg after a thief dragged her out of a running train near Ambala, is worried about her future.According to Heena Mehta, aunt of Bhavika, \"We had planned to arrange Bhavika's marriage. She is good-looking and educated and many proposals had come for her.\"The Bhiwandi resident was returning from Kashmir with her family when the horrific incident took place last week. On Saturday, she was brought to Mumbai and admitted to Raj Hospital in Mulund for further treatment. With Bhavika losing her leg, the family is worried that it will be difficult for her to find a good match. \"We belong to the Gujarati community and are worried about her marriage,\" Heena said.The family is demanding that the railways should provide Bhavika a job so that she can earn her livelihood.Rahul, Bhavika's brother, who also injured while jumping off the train, said, \"My sister has completed MCom and she wanted to become a professor. She wanted to complete her BEd before getting married. But it seems it will remain her dream as in such a situation, it will be difficult for her to complete further education.\"\"We want that railways to provide Bhavika a job. If they had provided police personnel on the train, the incident would not have taken place,\" said Maya Sangadi, another aunt.The family claims that no cops were deployed in the train during the entire journey. \"We appeal to Mamata Banerjee to provide security in all long-distances train so that robbers can never dare to target passengers in future,\" Maya said.The family is also upset with the railways for not offering any aid. Rahul said, \"No railway official came to see my sister. Only the investigator, Somnath from Ambala railway police asked us if we require monetary help when we decided to bring Bhavika to Mumbai. But we refused as he was paying from his own pocket.\"The Mehtas alleged that when they asked Ambala railway officials to provide them reserved AC tickets so they could bring Bhavika to Mumbai, they refused. The family had to spend Rs 1 lakh on arranging for an ambulance to bring Bhavika to Mumbai.Somnath, in-charge at Ambala GRP, said, \"We are searching for the accused through our informers. We have also asked the family to provide us the IMEI numbers of the stolen cellphones so that we can trace the accused.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14035042", "title": "Water flows in Subarnarekha canal after 36 years", "text": "RANCHI: The state water resources department on Monday released water to test the 85-km stretch canal the Subarnarekha Multipurpose Project (SMP), ending the 36-year-long wait of the people.State water resources secretary S K Satpathy said the release of water was expected to be complete by Tuesday. \"Once the testing is completed, we will take a final call on releasing water in the canal from Chandil Dam which will irrigate around 20,000 hectares in Saraikela-Kharsawan and East Singhbhum districts in the first phase,\" Satpathy added that this would be a historic moment for people of Jharkhand especially those living around the canal.\"We hope that life of people living around the canals of the SMP will witness sea change in the coming days,\" he added.Engineers of the water resources department said water would be discharged for the first time since the SMP was conceptualized in 1977 to irrigate more than 3.6 lakh hectares in Jharkhand, Odisha and West Bengal.The project is a joint venture of Jharkhand, Odisha and Bengal. It will cover total 2.63 lakh hectares in Jharkhand, around 90,000 hectares in Odisha and 5,000 hectares in Bengal. One the project is completed, it will also generate around 500 MW hydel power.\"We hope that in the next three to four years the entire area coming under the project will be provided water that will help in multi cropping because of availability of water round the year. At present, most of the farmers depend on mono crop because of lack of irrigation facility in the area,\" he added.Interestingly, the project could have been completed in 1980s but could not see the light of the day because of shortage of funds and also because corruption. The project cost has increased from Rs 128.99 crore in 1977 to Rs 6,613.74 crore in 2011. Now the project has been taken under Centre-sponsored Accelerated Irrigation Benefit Programme. The Central Water Commission has approved the project with estimated cost of Rs 6,613 crore and completion time of four years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14038118", "title": "Airports Authority of India to clear runway path for big aircraft", "text": "CHENNAI: Airports Authority of India (AAI) is working to ensure that the entire length of the extended portion of the secondary runway will be available for use before it is open for traffic. Though the runway is extended across the Adyar River, nearly 2,559 feet of the runway cannot be immediately used because of obstacles like tall towers and buildings in the flight approach path.\"We have asked the state government to speed up removal of obstacles on 12-end (extended portion on the Manapakkam end) of the runway so the entire extended portion of can be used, allowing bigger aircraft to use the strip\" said airport director H S Suresh. This will help bigger aircraft to land on the secondary runway.The 6,676-foot runway was extended to nearly 11,269 feet but because of the displacement, only around 8,000 feet was usable. AAI was earlier planning to open 8,000 feet of the runway with the displacement on Manapakkam end. It has submitted documents to the directorate general of civil aviation (DGCA) for approval as works have been completed.As the new domestic terminal is complete and ready for opening, AAI is hoping to make it fully equipped by August to start operation. New aerobridges, shops, restaurants, duty free shops and lounges are expected to be in place by then. AAI is yet to finalise a date to open the terminal because the Union and state governments have said all facilities should be in place when the terminal is commissioned.Meanwhile, SITA will install common user terminal system for check in at the new terminal which will have 52 counters. All work on this has been completed and the system will be activated when operations are moved to the new terminal. This will eliminate need for exclusive check in counters for airlines as it can be used by any airline to check in their passengers. \"We are planning to start acceptance test of the new domestic terminal with the Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) and other agencies soon,\" the airport manager said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14036220", "title": "4 more held in liquor scam", "text": "HYDERABAD: Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) investigators have arrested four more persons in the liquor syndicate probe.Guduri Hanumanthu Rao, from Palakollu in West Godavari district, and Dontala Butchi Babu from Vizianagaram have been arrested along with Gurram Ajay Goud and Loka Santosh Reddy - belonging to Hyderabad and Nizamabad districts, respectively.All four were produced before court and remanded in judicial custody. With this fresh round of arrests, the ACB has booked 24 syndicate leaders in June, according to an official release issued here on Monday.Meanwhile, while talking to the media, ACB director-general (DG) B Prasada Rao said that he would be directly supervising the activities of the Special Investigation Team (SIT) formed to probe the liquor syndicate scam. So far, 20 persons, including politicians, and their associates have been summoned by the bureau to record their statements in relation to the allegations made against them by arrested syndicate leaders, he added.The ACB may issue summons to more people after the first round of questioning of these 20 people. The DG also said that media personnel whose names crop up in the confession statements would also be summoned for questioning.Meanwhile, ACB director-general (DG) B Prasada Rao has said that Nacharam history-sheeter Yadagiri Rao, an accused in the cash-for-bail case, was still on the run but added that a manhunt has been launched to nab him. However, the Nalgonda police had said that they had arrested the history-sheeter a week ago and handed him over to the CBI. For reasons unknown, CBI sleuths grilled Yadagiri Rao and then let him off, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14044144", "title": "Hyderabad for kids: Learning the natural way", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a city where IIT- Joint Entrance coaching starts at the age of 11, there are a handful of children who are staying away the mad rush of competitive classrooms. Parents say that opting for alternate schooling which do not follow the conventional methods of classroom based education is a tough decision to make but it's totally worthwhile.Hyderabad has a few schools which offer alternative education where art and craft is not just an extra curricular activity but subjects that form a good portion of the academic schedule. From cooking to fishing , nature walks, toy making and astronomy, alternate schools in the city offer a holistic learning environment for the child where critical thinking is encouraged and appreciated. And parents who opt for alternate methods of learning say that their children are not losing out on anything. \"My eldest son studied in a conventional school which offered the national syllabus. But my younger son goes to an alternate school and gets to learn in a more relaxed environment which brings out the best in him and his confidence level is high,\" said Suchitra Reddy, a city parent whose son studies in Centre for Learning , an alternate school based in Kanajiguda, Secunderabad.Around 15 per cent of the total students from the state take exams under the National Institute of Open Schooling. School managements say that alternative education is catching up among the urban bred affluent parents. Peepal Grove, a residential school providing alternate mode of education which started in 2006 in Madanapalle in Chitoor district reports a large number of students from Hyderabad and other south Indian cities including Bangalore and Chennai. Of course, Madanapalle is better known as Jiddu Krishnamurti's birthplace where he also founded the wellknown Rishi Valley school that follows an ICSE curriculum but is known for its more life-skills oriented approach towards education.\"Of a total of 130 students we have, a majority are from Hyderabad. The school offers its own syllabus to children within the age of nine to 12 and later allows children to write ICSE board examination to get a certificate for higher education. Our main emphasis is on critical thinking,\" said Viraj Naidoo, the academic coordinator of Peepal Grove. While the school hours are divided into periods, the school doesn't follow prescribed set of textbooks but believes in free learning, even if it means teachers collating age-appropriate data from various sources, including the internet.Then there are the Waldorf schools, which started out as a concept in Germany emphasize on back to the nature learning methods. \"We believe that childhood is an impressionable age and hence what we expose the child to becomes very important in personality formation. Learning starts from the use of wood toys instead of plastic ones,\" said a teacher of Sloka School.Some school managements , however, say that it is a daunting task to convince parents to do away with the competitive spirit. \"It's an uphill task to get parents to understand the concept of education in our school. We are swimming against the current but more number of parents are getting to know about the advantages of enrolling children in alternate schools. It is also important that we allow complete integration of all strata of society as 70 per cent of our students are from underprivileged backgrounds,\" said Ramgopal Koneripally, a teacher at Centre for Learning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14039114", "title": "11/7 blasts: Appeal filed", "text": "MUMBAI: The defence in the 11/7 Mumbai serial train blasts case filed an application in the special MCOCA court on Monday seeking permission to examine a metropolitan magistrate who had recorded accused statements who had recorded accused statements. The court was scheduled to commence recording of the accused statements under section 313 of the Crpc. The defence also filed another application and sought recalling of another prosecution witness.The application will be decided by the court on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "14035349", "title": "Six Maoists killed in Sunday encounter: CRPF", "text": "GAYA: The CRPF has claimed that six Maoists had been killed and 11 others injured during the Sunday encounter with the police forces comprising COBRA battalion of the CRPF, STF and BMP jawans in Chakarbandha forest under the Dumaria police station in Gaya district.However, the Maoists maintained they did not suffer any loss in the gun battle that followed the landmine blast. Reports say that the Maoist squads made a tactical retreat. They were the members of the PLGA, the armed wing of the Maoist outfit. The police operation against them continued on Monday with one helicopter requisitioned to provide aerial support to the police forces.According to Amit Kumar, IG (Operations), the morale of the cops engaged in the operation was very high and the campaign would continue till the area was fully sanitized. He justified the use of motorbikes in the operation saying the cops have been imparted intensive training for conducting such operations on bikes and the results have been encouraging. Moreover, there has been no complaint from the jawans on this count, he said.The CRPF DIG, Umesh Kumar, told TOI that the two killed Maoists have been identified as Kailu Manjhi and Phoolchand Manjhi, both residents of the area. The DIG claimed the Maoists had deployed a sizeable number of trained women in the Sunday morning operation.According to the IG, CRPF, A A Khan, CRPF jawan Shachindra Sharma died in the landmine blast while another died due to heart attack. Six CRPF jawans also received injuries. All of them were out of danger, he said. The policemen recovered the body of the two Maoists and overpowered an injured Maoist. A special team is interrogating the injured Maoists at a secluded place in Gaya town to ascertain his identity, he added.Khan told TOI that the police forces intercepted the voice of an area commander of Maoists, Sandeep Yadav, who was leading the operation against police in the forest, and came to know that overall six Maoists were killed and 12 others injured. Search was on to trace the bodies as all nursing homes in the district were being closely screened to locate them.As soon as the police got information about the gathering of over 100 Maoists, led by Sandeep, in Chakarbandha forest on late Saturday evening, the CRPF, STF and BMP jawans decided to move towards the forest late in the night. About 400 CRPF personnel and 100 odd Bihar police jawans moved in anti-landmine vehicles, bullet proof jeeps and motorcycles.The terrains were difficult. Hence the movement of the forces was slow. This gave sufficient time to Maoists to plant landmine with heavy explosives on the route. IG CRPF said in all 85 landmines were laid in a series as a result of which one landmine vehicle and few motorcycles were blown off. But even in the face of death, the forces showed their grit and determination, Khan said.They moved in four directions to surround the Maoists who were firing hail of shots from automatic weapons. Police repulsed fire with equal force and also triggered blasts with 51mm mortar and grenade launcher since the Maoists were at a higher altitude and covered themselves in forest woods. As the forces advanced, they kept on demining the rugged road. The IG said he had never seen such a heavy firing from the Maoists who had deployed their best warriors for the face-off with the police forces.It is also the first time that the police could recover the body of dead Maoists. Otherwise, the ultra-Left always carried away bodies of their slain colleagues, as part of tactics, to avoid identification.The IG said search operation was still on and the police forces were also carrying out an operation under the leadership of CRPF DIG Umesh Kumar. \"We have sealed their escape route,\" the IG added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "14052544", "title": "Rajat Gupta's daughter, school friends take witness stand", "text": "NEW YORK: A day after former Goldman Sachs director Rajat Gupta notified the court that he will not testify in his own defence, his eldest daughter and close friends took the witness stand on his behalf in the high-profile insider trading trial.The defence on Monday presented in Manhattan federal court character witnesses, who testified about Gupta's honesty and integrity, before it prepares to wrap its case by tomorrow. Closing arguments in the trial, which is running in its fourth week, will be made on Wednesday.Gupta's 33-year-old daughter Geetanjali, the last to take the witness stand yesterday, told the jury in a confident voice that she had studied law and management at Harvard and currently works for the Harvard Management Company.She has been regularly attending her father's trial, sitting with her mother and three sisters in the spectators' bench right behind Gupta, who sometimes turns and leans back to talk to his family during breaks in the court proceedings.As Geetanjali walked up to the witness stand, Gupta's gaze followed her. However, her testimony was interrupted by the prosecution which raised an objection when Gupta's lawyer Gary Naftalis began questioning her about a September 2008 conversation she had with her father regarding his investment with Galleon hedge fund founder Raj Rajaratnam.Due to a lengthy discussion between the judge and attorneys over the objection, the jury was dismissed for the day and the testimony of Geetanjali, a mother of two-year-old twin girls, will resume later today.Gupta's lawyer, who had said last week it was \"highly likely\" that he will testify in his defense, conveyed to the judge on Sunday that his client will not take the witness stand \"after substantial reflection and consideration.\"If convicted 63-year-old Gupta, who served on boards of various companies, faces up to 25 years in prison.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "chitradurga", "code": "14042242", "title": "21-year-old 'guru' in soup for cheating", "text": "CHITRADURGA: A 21-year-old man, who made it a habit to con people of their money by claiming to be possessed the goddess, has finally landed in police net.Renukacharya was nabbed after Radha from whom the former had taken Rs 10,000, by promising to solve her problems by invoking Horanadu Annapoorneswariamma lodged a cheating complaint with police.According to police, in response to an advertisement in a Kannada daily and advice given by the 'guru' over cellphone, Radha remitted the money to the bank account suggested by him.When she contacted him again, Renukacharya denied that he had received money from her. When she realized the true colours of the 'guru', Radha approached the Chitradurga police on May 21.The accused, who was taken into custody from Bangalore, has been remanded to judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14034596", "title": "Authorities gets into repair mode before Akhilesh's visit", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The upcoming visit of chief minister Akhilesh Yadav to the city on June 17 has woken up the civic authorities from slumber. The road widening work has gained speed and electric poles which were obstructing the roads are being shifted. Authorities have also started road repair work on a war-footing.The widening of roads is progressing at a fast pace in Civil Lines. The roads being widened include Nawab Yusuf Road, Mahatma Gandhi Marg among others.However, the laying of sewage pipelines on GT Road in Preetamnagar, Dhoomanganj, Sulemsrai and Bamruali is progressing at a slow pace. And given the speed of work, it seems repair of the road would not be completed till June 30.The power department has begun shifting electricity roads which were obstructing the movement of traffic. These poles are now being installed at new locations.Managing director of Poorvaanchal Vidyut Vitran Nigam Limited AP Mishra told TOI that shifting of the electric poles are being carried on various roads. The roads on which the electric poles are being shifted include GT Road stretching from Sohbatiabagh to Eklavaya crossing. Other important road from which electric poles are being shifted include Stanley Road.Other roads on which the including Thornhill Road, Drummond Road, and another road stretching from Naini jail to Rampur Mor from which the electric poles are being shifted.However, the cutting and pruning of trees is not progressing at the required pace.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14042264", "title": "Childline in distress to get help soon", "text": "MANGALORE: With lack of amenities and staff Mangalore childline, a hotline created to help children in distress, has more often than not projected a sad picture. But if everything goes as per the plan it will soon be revived. The department of women and child welfare through the Childline Foundation of India has appointed Padi-Valored, an NGO working for children's rights and education, to man the centre.Earlier, several children's rights activists had complained to Karnataka State Commission for Protection of Child Rights chairperson Nina Nayak that the childline in the city was not functioning effectively.The centre had only two staff to attend to the entire district. It was not possible for them to make the centre functional 24x7 as per the guidelines. The centre also had no vehicle. Many a time the hotline was left unattended because of this.Following this, Nina Nayak directed officials of the department to set right the anomalies immediately.Padi-Valored director Renni D'Souza said that the organisation had received the letter from the department asking it to man the Mangalore childline. \"Some formalities are yet to be completed. We have plans to involve the public to make the childline more active. We will hold discussions with people and seek their support to run the centre effectively,\" he added.As per guidelines, a childline centre can have eight staff including one coordinator and volunteers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14037336", "title": "Passport office to move to swanky premises next week", "text": "CHENNAI: The Regional Passport Office (RPO) will move out of Shastri Bhavan to a plush 20,000sqft office in Rayala Towers on Anna Salai next week. The first and second floors at Shastri Bhavan will now be handed over to the Department of Explosives. The RPO's three passport seva kendras (front offices) at Vadapalani, Nelson Manickam Road and Tambaram receive applications, feed in biometric data and issue orders on passports.Regional Passport Officer C Senthil Pandian said on Monday that the fourth-floor Rayala Towers office \"will have state-of-the-art systems, providing a welcome experience for applicants''. The ministry of external affairs, which purchased the space in 1990, was later involved in a court battle before regaining it more than a year ago.The RPO was established in George Town in 1955 before shifting in 1966 to Shastri Bhavan where a number of other Central government offices are also located.Initially, RPO catered to the needs of applicants in Tamil Nadu and Puducherry in addition to those in neighbouring Kerala, Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka.In 1976, separate passport offices for these three states were established. In 1983, the RPO Chennai was again bifurcated and a separate office established at Trichy. The RPO Chennai is primarily responsible for issuance of passports to Indian citizens residing within its jurisdiction. Various miscellaneous services like change of address in passport, additional endorsement regarding Emigration Check Not Required, Police Clearance Certificate, etc., are also done there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14039882", "title": "Jagdishpur to have UP's first mega food park", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a landmark decision on Monday, Uttar Pradesh government cleared the decks for setting up the state's first Mega Food Processing Park at Jagdishpur in Sultanpur district. Pending since 2010, when the Union Ministry of food processing industries gave an in-principle approval to the proposal submitted by Aditya Birla Nuvo Limited (ABNL), the food park project, on Monday, was also cleared by Uttar Pradesh State Industrial Development Corporation (UPSIDC).Speaking to TOI, Managing Director, UPSIDC, Manoj Kumar Singh, said: \"UPSIDC, on Monday, allowed ABNL to sublet the land acquired for setting up the food park. Of the 833 acres owned by Indo-Gulf, a Special Purpose Vehicle will be floated for setting up the food park on 72 acres.'' Singh also said the project would invite an investment of Rs 148 crore and create direct and indirect employment for nearly 30,000 persons.Earlier, the project was caught in a web of technical complications regarding the land lease. Under the UPSIDC by-laws, only two land leases could be issued. Holding the first lease itself, the second sub-lease for the MFP land was with ABNL. However, according to the Central government rules for setting up the MFP, land holdings must be in the names of the individual processing units. Since ABNL could not further lease this land to individual units, UPSIDC decided to sell additional land adjacent to the existing MFP to ABNL, allowing it to hold the first lease and issue sub-leases to individual processing units.The mega food park is expected to leverage UP's position as a leading supplier of raw materials - wheat, sugar, potato, milk and livestock - in agriculture. The scheme is expected to raise India's processing of perishables from the existing 6% to 20%, value addition from 20% to 35% and the share in global food trade from 1.5% to 3% by 2015. In this light, the current project is expected to tap into UP's potential by developing the value chain from the farm to the market.According to ABNL's existing proposal, the Central Processing Centre (CPC) will be set up at Jagdishpur, with primary processing centres at Sultanpur city, Faizabad, Rae Bareli, Barabanki, Lucknow, Pratapgarh, Ambedkar Nagar and Jaunpur.With UPSIDC allowing ABNL to sublet the land, ABNL will now have 72 acres of land transferred to it from Indo Gulf Fertilisers to the Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV) floated for setting up the MFP. Though the company had, in its initial proposal, proposed to hold 94% equity in the SPV to be floated for the MFP, it has, subsequently, agreed to keep its equity at a maximum of 74%, as desired by the government.Currently, though five food parks exist in UP, only one - at Sahjanwa, Gorakhpur - has been able to remain profitable since its inception in 2005. Attempting to bridge the gaps through the new 3-tier MFP scheme, the government also made provisions for an efficient supply chain and backward linkages. The scheme will also provide processing, packaging, environmental protection systems, quality control laboratories and trade facilitation centres.HighlightsThe Mega Food Park Scheme is expected to raise processing of perishables in the country from existing 6% to 20%, value addition from 20% to 35% and share in global food trade from 1.5% to 3% by 2015.The scheme aims to provide excellent infrastructure - transportation, logistics, centralised processing centres, effective supply chain, processing, packaging and environment protection systems, quality control laboratories and trade facilitation centres.Between 50 to 100 acre land holdings will be set aside for setting up Central Processing Centres. Addition land will be needed for Primary Processing Centres and Collection Centres. Each project is expected to have around 30 to 35 food processing units with a collective investment of Rs 250 crore. Eventual annual turnover is expected to be between Rs 450 and Rs 500 crore.Pattern of assistance for MFP: One time capital grant of 50% of project cost (excluding land cost) subject to a maximum Rs 50 crore.MFPs will be run by Special Purpose Vehicles (SPVs), each of which will have at least 3 entrepreneurs or business units which will be independent of each other, and with no common directors.At least 26% of the equity of SPVs must necessarily be held by food processors within SPVs", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14044131", "title": "School enrolment drive from June 14", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The 10th statewide school enrolment drive 'Shala Praveshotsav' will begin in the rural areas from Thursday. The three-day programme will be launched by chief minister Narendra Modi . A meeting to chalk out the details of the drive was held in Gandhinagar on Monday.The drive aims at ensuring that every child in the village is enrolled in primary schools. In the urban areas, the drive will be conducted for three days from June 28.Along with this drive, the Kanya Kelavani Abhhiyan organised to specially encourage the girl child to join school will also be taken up during the same period.Officials said that the two campaigns will cover about 34,000 government primary schools in the state. The main aim of the campaigns is to bring about qualitative improvement in education.Government officials and ministers will visit about five schools daily as part of the campaign. Education department officials have set a target to cover all 18,000 villages in the state in three days.Also, the school board in eight municipal corporations and 159 towns in the state will take up the programme from June 28. The government has decided to give interest on the Rs 1,000 bond given to the girl child who joins school. A girl student who completes her studies will get Rs 2,000 instead of just Rs 1,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14041097", "title": "Naveen Patnaik rules out poll pacts with BJP, Cong", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Fuelling speculation about cobbling a third front ahead of the 2014 general elections, chief minister and BJD president Naveen Patnaik on Monday ruled out any electoral tie-up with either the Congress or the BJP, but kept his options on a pact with the Left parties close to his chest.\"Let me make it quite clear as the president of BJD, that there is no question of my party having any electoral alliance with the BJP or the Congress party,\" Naveen told mediapersons here. However, Naveen, who has been trying to strengthen his grip over BJD since his friend-turned-foe Pyarimohan Mohapatra made a failed coup attempt on May 29, evaded queries on possible poll arrangement with the CPI and the CPM. \"The question is premature as elections are still one and a half years away,\" he said, noting that in the 2009 elections his party had seat adjustments with the two Left parties.BJD then also had an alliance with the NCP but it no longer exists with all four NCP legislators and several other leaders joining the regional outfit. Naveen, for the record, had last week met some senior CPM leaders at his residence, following which state CPM secretary Janardhan Pati had indicated his party preference to back BJD, instead of the BJP or Congress. On February 15, Naveen had indicated his keenness for a Third Front, by expressing the need for a 'non-UPA, non-NDA' alternative and had dubbed the Congress as \"thoroughly discredited\" and \"scam-ridden\" and the BJP as \"communally-tainted\". \"I certainly think there is a need for some sort of a new front which will be transparent, anti-corruption and secular,\" he had said.Naveen's latest statement is being viewed with significance as he has since been apparently working towards getting close with regional satraps like J Jayalalithaa (AIADMK), Mamata Banerjee (TMC) and N Chandrababu Naidu (Telugu Desam) by taking up a pro-active stand onl National Counter Terrorism Centre and payment of compensation to state governments for reduction in central sales tax rates. Naveen and his Tamil Nadu counterpart have also proposed P A Sangma as a probable candidate for the Presidential elections in July.Incidentally, Naveen came up with a statement on not having a truck with the Congress or the BJP on the question of revamping the BJD. \"It seems Naveen deliberately made such a statement to quell speculation about possible pact with BJP (with whom BJD severed its 11-year-old alliance in March 2009) or the Congress. Possibly, he wanted to send across the message to certain leaders outside the BJD to join the party as there is heightened speculation of Naveen working on reuniting the Biju Parivar,\" a BJD leader observed. Another BJD insider opined: \"With the storm within BJD blown over, Naveen perhaps wants to reopen the Third Front debate and strengthen his case at the national level.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14038827", "title": "\u2018Anti-child labour cells need support\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: Anti-child labour laws and their strict implementation have not been able to contain the problem of child trafficking in the city. Children are still being trafficked from states like West Bengal, Jharkhand, Andhra Pradesh and Assam to work in factories and households in inhuman conditions.Industrial estates like Okhla, Wazirpur and Jhilmil Colony see a number of such children steadily working when they are guaranteed free education under the Right to Education Act.While Delhi Police's anti-human trafficking cell is over a year old now, and has helped rescue child labourers, there are several areas that need to be worked upon.Ravi Kant, Supreme Court advocate who is conducting a study on several such cells in Delhi and across the country said, \"There is no convergence between the ministry of women and child welfare and these cells and both agencies are working in isolation. The ministry needs to support the work of the police.\" Kant's study will form the India Country Assessment Report for the ministry of home affairs.\"While district level sensitization is going on, the justice delivery system needs to be strengthened. The legal aid system does not properly support the victims right now as the victims have to travel between states and testify in a court. While the travel expenditure is taken care of by the court, the state does nothing to ensure their accommodation,\" he said. Many times, the victims and their families do not show up in court due to social stigma. \"There is need to conduct these cases over video conferencing to encourage victims to testify. Right now, employers are not getting convicted in a lot of cases because of this,\" he added.Activists also say that the creation of these cells have helped the process of rescue of child labourers. Till April-end this year, 34 cases of child labour have been reported and 149 such children rescued. In 2011, 135 cases were reported and 1,144 children rescued.Activists say that responsive nodal officers have helped them crack down on employers faster. Increase in registration of cases of missing children is a positive step in this regard. \"Each of these state cells are given Rs 35 lakhs per year and a jeep to help them in raids. Video cameras have been provided by MHA for detailed recording of these rescue operations,\" said Rishi Kant of NGO Shakti Vahini.Currently, the cell in each district is headed by one inspector with sufficient number of upper subordinates and supporting staff. \"In case of any organized trafficking racket that comes to notice, instructions are that the probe of that case shall be transferred to Anti-Kidnapping section of the Crime Branch for further necessary action,\" explained a senior police officer.While 33 persons - including 22 women - have been arrested under the immoral trafficking (prevention) act already this year, 121 such persons were arrested last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14035563", "title": "Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya students pour out exam woes to vice-chancellor", "text": "INDORE: After a week's lull, students stormed Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya (DAVV) vice-chancellor's office on Monday to draw his attention to examination and result-related problems. The vice-chancellor had to face a tough time as groups of students protested alleging poor marking or demanding rescheduling of examination dates.In the morning, students of different streams, including B Ed, M Sc, BCA, BBA and Bachelor's in Hotel Management approached the VC office to sort out their problems. A group of BEd students demanded that examination be conducted as it was already running four months late against the schedule. The VC reportedly assured to hold examination by July 5. In a similar protest, MSc students with students' union representatives and principal of Gujarati College Dr Narendra Triveni approached the VC office alleging poor marking in Topology subject. BCA sixth semester students demanded changes in time table.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14038334", "title": "Plea to rehabilitate oustees of Moti Dongor demolitions", "text": "MARGAO: Goa pradesh Congress committee minority department has demanded that chief minister Manohar Parrikar rehabilitate all the people who were staying for the last 15 years at Moti Dongor whose houses were recently demolished.The administrator of comunidades, South zone, had recently demolished 36 illegal structures at Moti Dongor.The committee has written to the Governor, directorate of women and child development and other authorities claiming that the ousted residents would face hardships in the monsoons and that it was the time for schools to reopen.\"This so called illegal settlement cannot be considered as illegal as all those residents from the constituencies of Margao and Fatorda have been issued ration cards and water and electricity connections,\" said Kalim Khan Pathan, convener, South Goa minority cell, in a statement issued on Monday.Pathan further demanded fresh investigations to ascertain on what grounds the structures were deemed illegal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14043932", "title": "Non Resident Keralites' Affair Department to install e-messenger system", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Non Resident Keralites' Affair Department (Norka) is all set to install e-messenger systems in its three regional offices -- Thiruvananthapuram, Ernakulam and Kozhikode.The system will help job aspirants track the status of their applications and certificates send for authentication. Any applicant who registers his/her email ID or mobile number with the e-messenger system will receive updates during various levels of authentication and attestation process, said officials. The system will also help aspirants who seek job abroad to submit their certificates online to the certificate authentication centers.Candidates who require their certificates to be attested by embassies of the UAE , Saudi Arabia and Kuwait can also find out its status once the e-messenger system becomes functional, said officials. Tenders to install the system have already been invited. Once the authentication centres complete the process, the certificates will be forwarded by the NRK development office in New Delhi to the Ministry of External Affairs for MEA as well as embassy attestations, and to Mumbai for getting consulate attestation..", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14035140", "title": "Statue shifted in Bairagarh to widen road", "text": "BHOPAL: After a long wait, the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) on Monday shifted the statue of Sant Kawar Ram in Bairagarh to clear the way for widening roads under the Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) corridor.\"We shifted the statue on Monday from the middle of the road to a side so that the roundabout can be demolished to widen the road,\" BMC PRO Virendra Tiwari said.The corporation is also speeding up the construction work to reduce the size of the rotary at Shivaji Nagar square, opposite the Red Cross hospital on link road No. 1. Plans are afoot to redesign the roundabout at polytechnic square and reduce the one at Roshanpura square. The work for reducing these rotaries will begin soon, the BMC officials said.However, there has been a lot of delay in the shifting of statues and reduction of rotaries. \"The work was to be over by March this year. The work suffered delay on account of BMC's poor financial condition. We are trying to complete it at the earliest,\" Tiwari added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14042461", "title": "Soon, super-specialty hospital at Amingaon", "text": "GUWAHATI: Assam government and the Bangalore-based Narayana Hrudayalaya signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) here on Monday for setting up a super-specialty hospital at Amingaon, on the outskirts of the city, with an investment of about Rs 150 crore.The MoU was formally signed at the secretariat complex in the presence of chief minister Tarun Gogoi, health minister Himanta Biswa Sarma and Narayana Hrudayalaya chairman Devi Shetty.\"Our effort has always been to provide quality medical care, especially to the poor. The super-specialty hospital, which will come up in public-private partnership mode, will be able to provide best of health facilities to the poor at a very low cost,\" said Gogoi.The health minister informed that the state government will provide Rs 22 crore, land and an existing building for the hospital. Shetty said the hospital would open up a new chapter in the history of taking super- specialty healthcare to the poor.The chief minister, in his 2011-12 budget speech, had announced setting up of the hospital.The super-specialty services include cardiology, cardiac surgery, neurology, neurosurgery and dialysis. Fifty per cent of all beds would be charged at 1.85 per cent below central government health scheme (GGHS) schedule rates. Similarly, 50 per cent of OPD and diagnostics will be also be charged at 1.85 per cent below CGHS schedule of rates, while 50 percent of beds, OPD and diagnostics will be charged at rates decided by Narayana Hrudayalaya.On the other hand, the Assam Pradesh Congress Committee's manifesto implementation committee and party-government coordination committee will meet in the evening. The committees will review the progress in implementing the promises made in the 2011 manifesto and also coordination between the government and the party.AICC general secretary Digvijaya Singh is also here to take part in the meet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14036640", "title": "Presidential poll: TDP non-committal to Sangma", "text": "HYDERABAD: Telugu Desam Party president N Chandrababu Naidu on Monday was non-committal in his support to the presidential bid of former Lok Sabha speaker P A Sagma. Sangma called on Naidu here and sought his support.Backed by the AIADMK and BJD, Sangma is hoping to become the first tribal leader to become the President and is approaching political parties to support his nomination. However, the response was not encouraging for him from Naidu.Refusing to give a commitment, the TDP chief told Sangma that he would get back to him after June 15 when the poll process of the ongoing by-elections is over. Naidu is learnt to have told Sangma that he had to consult his party colleagues and politburo before taking a call on the issue.\"I have sought the support and blessings of Chandrababu Naidu, who is one of the most prominent political leaders of the country. He told me that he would take a decision after discussing the issue with the party's politburo,\" Sangma said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14036776", "title": "Prakash Totwani, Sanjay Bhonde, Mahendra Raut set to be co-opted as corporators", "text": "NAGPUR: Ending the two-month suspension over co-opted corporators, the BJP-led ruling group in Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has declared former corporators Prakash Totwani and Sanjay Bhonde and BJP leader from East Nagpur Prakash alias Mahendra Raut as its nominees. The three will have to wait for sometime as Congress failed to declare its two names and sought time till June 18.Leader of ruling party Praveen Datke submitted the three names with municipal secretary Harish Dube on Monday. Mayor Anil Sole, BJP city president Krishna Khopde, MLAs Vikas Kumbhare and Sudhakar Deshmukh were present. BJP has compensated Totwani and Bhonde for sacrificing their seats for BJP senior leader Girish Deshmukh. Totwani and Bhonde were to contest the municipal election from Khamla ward but had to pave way for Deshmukh. The selection of Raut came as a surprise for many as it meant former corporator Sanjay Bangale who sacrificed his seat for Sole was left out. Bangale and his wife Manjusha were representing Shankar Nagar ward for past 10 years.Sources told TOI that Khopde backed Raut who is said to be his close aide. Besides, all three would be from West and South-West Nagpur if Bangale were selected. It also came as a jolt to the Shiv Sena that was hoping for one seat.Meanwhile, leader of opposition group Vikas Thakre wrote to Dube seeking time for submitting names for two seats in Congress quota. Sources told TOI that many senior leaders are in race putting Thakre in a fix. Besides, consent of MPCC president Manikrao Thakre is required. Congress has been given time up to 1 pm on June 18. If the Congress fails to submit the list, the NMC will declare BJP's nominees as coopted corporators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14025965", "title": "Aamir Khan and Akshay Kumar to fight it out", "text": "Aamir Khan's much delayed film Talaash will have competition in form of Akshay Kumar's forthcoming film Khiladi 786. According to an industry source, Aamir's film may be delayed further from November 30 to December 7. In that case Aamir's film will clash with Akshay Kumar's home production Khiladi 786 . Apart from Aamir, Reema Kagti's thriller Talaash stars Rani Mukherjee and Kareena Kapoor in lead roles.Aamir has co-produced this film with Reliance and Excel Entertainment. At the same time Akshay's Khiladi 786 is an action comedy. It stars Himesh Reshmmiya, Asin and Ileana D'Cruz in main lead.Aamir's current television show has been successful and has created a huge impact too. Looking at the past record and the success of his show, Aamir will definitely be expecting a big opening. Simultaneously Akshay Kumar has given two hits with Housefull2 and Rowdy Rathore this year. Post his latest release the actor has joined the 100 crore club in Bollywood.It will be interesting to see which star rules the box office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14040354", "title": "Medical university in Lucknow may get back its Georgian 'tag'", "text": "LUCKNOW: After losing the 'tag of identity' twice in the past, the medical university in state capital may soon get its original name back.And if officials are to be believed, then the state government is seriously considering re-naming Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj Medical University as King George's Medical University. The proposal has been cleared by the medical education department on the petition of teachers and students of the institute. The file is pending with the chief secretary.Principal secretary medical education JP Sharma, when contacted, said, \"A proposal to this effect is under the consideration of the government. A final call has to be taken by the state cabinet.\" Sources said that officials are working to opt for 'cabinet approval via circulation' route to get the proposal cleared.Built in 1912, the 100-year-old institute was named after King George V. It has suffered a lot due to 'name politics' started by Mayawati. The institute was a constituent medical college of the Lucknow University till 2003, when Mayawati government upgraded and renamed it after dalit icon Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj. The name was changed despite stiff opposition from the teachers, students and alumni. Their contention was that name change would adversely affect institution's 'brand value' associated strongly with the Georgian tag.With the change of power in 2004, teachers and alumni approached the Mulayam government and consequently, the name King George's came back to the university. When Mayawati became the chief minister of UP in 2007, she reversed the decision through an ordinance called the King George's Medical University (Amendment) Ordinance 2007, which was cleared by the then governor TV Rajeswar.Two days after, Akhilesh Yadav took the oath as the UP chief minister, Georgian Alumni Association submitted a six-point proposal for restoration of the medical university's name. This was followed by a letter of request from the teachers association as well. General secretary of the teachers association, Dr Sanjay Khattri said, \"It is our identity and we want it back.\"The hundred-year-old bond between the college and King George finds its roots in Maharaja of Vijaynagaram's desire of starting a medical college in Lucknow. In 1905, local taluqdars persuaded governor of United Provinces, Sir James La Touche, to revive the medical college project to commemorate the visit of Prince of Wales and seek Governor General of India's permission. La Touche agreed on the condition that the people of United Provinces have to raise a sum of Rs eight lakh.People of Oudh came forward to contribute whole-heartedly and the fund was raised in less than a year. Thereafter, Prince of Wales laid the foundation stone on December 26, 1905. It was formally inaugurated by King George V and Queen Mary in 1911.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "gnd stadium", "code": "14042695", "title": "3 Ludhiana Basketball Academy trainees make it to India camp", "text": "GND STADIUM: Three trainees of Ludhiana Basketball Academy (LBA) have been selected for India camp that is scheduled to begin at Guru Nanak Dev Stadium on Tuesday. Following the 18-day camp, the national team would be selected for the Youth Basketball Championship to be played in Russia next month. Optimistic of making it to that team, LBA's Akash Hazra, Gurvinder Singh and Dildaar Singh say they will give it their best shot.Excited about his selection in the camp, 16-year-old Akash said, \"I will put in a lot of hard work, especially since we will be competing with the players from the entire country during the camp.\"Seven feet tall, Akash joined the LBA to pursue his favourite game seriously. \"I belong to West Bengal but my parents could not think of any academy but LBA for my training,\" he said. A student of Class X at Greenland School, Akash was understandably excited when he came to know about his selection to the India camp. \"My aim is now making it to the national team,\" he added.Also 16, Gurvinder says his dream is to represent the country in basketball. At 6 foot 7 inches, this Class XI student of Nav Bharati School came to LBA in 2009. \"Now I feel more than ever that joining the academy was the best decision,\" he said, adding, \"LBA has experienced coaches and has produced so many national basketball players.\" The youngster is working on his footwork, which, he feels, would give him an edge.Standing tall at six foot three inches, 16-year-old Dildaar is well-known for his flexibility and briskness on court. \"An opportunity to play in Russia will provide great exposure,\" he said. Dildaar is studying in Class XI at Nav Bharati School.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14036806", "title": "Ravi Rishi may have hand in Rs 2000 crore gun deal", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even as the CBI is probing the role of NRI businessman Ravi Rishi in alleged irregularities in the supply of Tatra trucks to the Army, his connection in a self-propelled wheeled gun deal, has also come to light.Top government sources said that Rishi-owned Tatra Sipox, UK, had acted as a business associate with a Slovakian firm DMD Group, which was eyeing to clinch a Rs 2000 crore deal of wheeled guns, called Zuzana, for the Army. The firm had signed a MoU with defence PSU, BEML, in 2007, in which Tatra Sipox, UK, has been mentioned as business associate for the Slovakian firm.TOI has accessed the copy of the MoU that was signed by V R S Natrajan, the CMD of BEML, and Jozef Mihok, chairman of DMD Group, for Slovakian 155mm Zuzana in 2007.Government sources say the gun deal is in a limbo, but Rishi's involvement in Slovakian firm has not come as a big surprise for the CBI.\"His company has tie-up with other companies, but the CBI case is focusing on the Tatra deal,\" said a senior CBI official.As per the MoU, the DMD Group has stated that the product, Tanax Chassis, would be produced in Slovakia and to be supplied by its business associate, Tatra Sipox, UK. Government source say that in 2007, when the MoU was signed, both the defence ministry and BEML didn't raise any objections to the inclusion of Tatra Sipox, UK.On the tricky issue of indigenization, it is stated in the MoU that DMD Group agreed to consider 30%-35% indigenization of the product, including the chassis to be provided by Tanax/Tatra Sipox, UK, and the details of the indigenization would be discussed later. The DMD Group owns four companies for defence business, including Konstruckta that has the Intellectual Property Right (IPR) for Zuzana.The company has agreed to consider transfer of technology to BEML with a minimum 30% indigenization, including the vehicle portion with super structure to be supplied by the defence PSU with the support of partner, Tatra Sipox, UK. Last month, Intelligence Bureau had withdrawn the security clearance to Global Vectra Group that is promoted by Rishi, who has been named in the FIR for alleged cheating and other irregularities in the supply of Tatra trucks to the Army.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14043857", "title": "90 kids from Bangalore slums make it to school, thanks to RTE quota", "text": "BANGALORE: Seven-year-old Sadiya Sher in blue skirt and white top stood next to her new school's iron gate. Smiling but shy, Sadiya in her brand new school uniform, tried to hide herself behind her mother. Even though it was her first day at school, Sadiya seemed one of the regular students.It was day one of school under the Right To Education ( RTE) on Monday for many from poor families. Around 90 children from different slums located in Fraser Town and DJ Halli area were dropped at different private schools by their parents after their admissions under the 25% quota were confirmed. Schools were apprehensive that these children from EWS might lower their standards. But these kids reached the schools at 7.30 am, an hour before the school bell.\"My daughter got up at 6 am on her own. She has been very excited about going to school and studying. We got her the uniform, books and stationery, which she packed in her school bag and kept it ready yesterday evening. She wanted to reach school in time,\" said Reshma Daji, Sadiya's mother and a resident of Ambedkarnagar slum in Fraser town. Sadiya will be studying at Goodwill Public School in Fraser Town.It was first day at school for six-year-old Bindu Pushplatha as well, as she sat with her new friends inside her classroom. Within no time, Bindu followed the instructions given by her class teacher to another child and started scribbling in her new notebook. Bindu finished her class work within minutes, leaving the teacher amazed. \"I am only six,\" said Bindu, when the teacher asked her age looking at her neat work.While these children sat inside, their parents stood outside the school gate, anxiously awaiting for instructions from the school authorities. \"I did not go for work today as I wanted to drop my daughter to school on the first day. Also I wanted to check out the school timings so that she can be picked up daily. Although the school authorities have asked us to take them back at 12.30pm, the school will close at 2.30 pm from day two onwards,\" said Sayed Ahmed Hose, a parent, waiting outside Goodwill High School.The scene was more or less similar at St Aloysius Primary and Middle School and St Rocks Girls High School in the same area. Parents were seen overjoyed as they all came to drop their kids at a school they could have only dreamt about earlier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "14034856", "title": "Kin now believe missing insurance official killed", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: With the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) apparently halfway through in the Ranjan Bhattacharya missing case, the victim's elder brother, Rajat Bhattacharya, has for the first time admitted the possibility of Ranjan being killed.On January 25, 2010, Ranjan, an employee of a private insurance firm, left for work around 10.30am. He has never been seen since then. However, the family claimed two armed youths kidnapped Ranjan. He has gone missing since his name figured in the case involving the serial killing of doctors in the city between the end of 2009 and early 2010. As more than 28 months passed without any clues about the whereabouts of the missing insurance executive, the family members are now reconciling themselves with the possibility of his murder.\"Very sadly though, but all the important people in the police hierarchy, politicians (elected representatives of Jamshedpur) and others with whom I have been regularly in touch with about my brother's case have got me to believe that my brother is killed,\" said Rajat Bhattacharya with a painful voice. But he swiftly added, \"I want justice. Let the CBI bring to light who the people are behind my brother's abduction and his apparent killing. All we want is that the culprits should to be exposed.\"The name of Ranjan figured in the December 2009 murder of Prabhat Kumar, a senior medical officer of the Tata Main Hospital (TMH), masterminded by Pankaj Dubey, the gang leader. A special CBI team led by deputy police superintendent Anil Kumar Yadav interrogated Dubey, an undertrial and prime accused in the serial murders cases, in the local Circuit House for over four hours on Sunday.\"The officials asked Dubey comprehensively about his relationship with Ranjan and about Ranjan's role in the serial murder cases,\" said a CBI source.In late 2010, Ranjan's father Ratinder Nath Bhattacharya moved the Jharkhand high court. Following the high court's order on November 19 which asked the CBI to take over the case from state police, an investigating team led by Ranchi circle SSP R C Chaudhary began probing the matter. As the probe failed to make much headway The case was later transferred to the CBI Delhi team, led by SSP Prakash Rathi in March this year. \"The Delhi CBI team has told us they have made much progress,\" said Rajat. The CBI has also announced a cash reward of Rs 1 lakh to the person providing information about Ranjan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14034974", "title": "Hatia byelection today, 29 in fray", "text": "RANCHI: The Hatia assembly constituency is ready for a multi-pronged contest on Tuesday with an estimated 4.02 lakh voters expecting to cast their votes to decide the fate of 29 candidates.The contestants include Sunil Sahay, the younger brother of Union minister Subodh Kant Sahay , of the Congress and former state minister Ramji Lal Sharda of the BJP. Political observers said thanks to aggressive campaigning by all political parties like the Congress, BJP, Jharkhand Vikas Morcha-Prajatantrik (JVM-P) and the Ajsu Party and independent candidate Birendra Bhagat, the byelection has become interesting. Voting will take place from 8am to 4pm.The byelection has also become a prestige issue for the main ruling and opposition parties - the BJP and the Congress. While victory for the BJP would mean a more stable government, that of the Congress will give the party a weapon to attack the ruling coalition. The Ajsu Party is making every effort to increase its strength in the assembly from five to six and get more bargaining power in the Arjun Munda-led government.\"The JVM-P is trying to win the seat and prepare the ground for the next assembly election in the name of providing corruption-free and development-oriented government,\" said R P Singh, who has been closely following every election since the formation of Jharkhand in November 2000. \"This is the reason why all the important candidates in the fray continued with their door-to-door campaign on Monday and requested the voters to come out of their house and vote.\" Since the Congress is also facing the challenge to retain the seat, which became vacant after the death of sitting MLA Gopal Sharan Nath Shahdeo, its candidate tried to send a message in the name of secularism by meeting Cardinal Telesphore P Toppo for his blessings.\"I had come here to seek the blessing of the cardinal as he has always supported people for good cause,\" said Sunil Sahay after the brief meeting.JVM-P chief Babulal Marandi kept coordinating with his supporters so that nothing goes wrong at the last moment.The Ranchi district administration has made elaborate security arrangement to ensure peaceful election. A total of 2,000 security personnel including central paramilitary force and state armed police have been deployed on 425 booths.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14040721", "title": "Bruhanmumbai Municipal Corporation plans uniform rate for building materials", "text": "MUMBAI: Cracking the whip on alleged financial malpractices by civic contractors, the BMC has for the first time decided to come up with a uniform schedule rate of raw materials for construction purposes.Till date, the cost of the same construction materials used to differ between departments, allowing contractors to indulge in manipulation while bidding for civic tenders. The BMC is planning to rope in Tata Consultancy Services to prepare the unified schedule rate.The BMC had been using the 2008 schedule rates till now, which were way below the market price. As a result, contractors were able to cut corners while carrying out the civil works. Now, contractors will have to follow a fixed rate of raw materials that are common to all departments and follow quality specifications.The BMC will conduct a meeting of all heads of departments on Tuesday to discuss the course of action.\"This will help tackle the menace of low bidding, which is rampant in the civic body. Till date, there has been no standard rate for important construction items. This has given contractors the opportunity to bid abnormally low rates to win contracts and, in the process, use raw material of inferior quality. While labour charges vary for different departments, the cost of raw materials such as cement, concrete, steel and sand will remain the same for the different departments,\" said a senior official from the planning and design department.The schedule rate will be updated annually to keep changing market rates in mind. \"There is general tendency among contractors to bid below the schedule rate. This hampers the quality of work as raw materials cannot be obtained at such low rates,\" said a contractor.Recently, contractors quoted abnormally low rates for the civil work contracts system. The bidding was done on the 2008 schedule rates, which is 40% below the market price. Following the unusually low bids it received for petty civil works in 24 wards and four hospitals, the BMC asked the contractors to explain how they proposed to carry out quality work at such low rates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14042911", "title": "Coast Guard commissions hovercraft at Okha", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Griffon 8000TD, a hovercraft of UK make, having a top speed of 50 knots and armed with a remote operated machine gun, was commissioned as ICG ACV H-187 at Okha on Monday by Indian Coast Guard director general vice admiral M P Muralidharan.The 30-tonne air cushion vehicle shall be deployed in shallow waters and inter-tidal zones along the coastline and would mostly be used for patrolling the Gulf of Kutch. Commanded by Anurag Kaushik with a manpower complement of 11 sailors, the vessel can undertake effective assault operations and immobilize the enemy with its surprise element - speed. The Okha station of the Indian Coast Guard at present has two interceptors, ship Mirabehn, the workhorse for the maritime force, and three hovercrafts, including the recently commissioned one.Two more hovercrafts will be joining the Okha station. ACV H-187 is the seventh hovercraft and first in the class of 12 hovercrafts to be supplied by UK-based Griffon Hoverwork Ltd, a pioneer in the machine, which was conceived 40 years ago.Speaking on the occasion, Muralidharan said new Coast Guard stations are being set up, surface and air assets are being acquired, proportionate infrastructure is being developed and trained manpower is being augmented to protect the nation from threats emanating from the sea. Among those present was commander, Coast Guard region (north west) deputy inspector general B S Yadav, a release said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "14036889", "title": "Anti-child labour drive to be launched in Yavatmal today", "text": "YAVATMAL: Yavatmal district labour office is set to launch a 'one-hour anti child labour programme' across the district on Tuesday to mark the International Anti-Child Labour Day. Various anti-child labour programmes will be organized in all the 16 tehsils of the district during June 12 and 25, said government labour officer Raju Gulhane at a press conference at the local government guesthouse on Monday. The programme is implemented throughout the state as per the state government's recent decision.The Women and Child Welfare Department of Yavatmal Zilla Parishad was conspicuous with its absence at the press meet despite it is expected to play a pivotal role in the prevention of child labour and the rehabilitation of the children relieved from the clutches of the greedy shopkeepers.According to Gulhane, the International Child Labour Organisation had declared June 12 as the International Anti-Child Labour Day since 2002 and during the last 10 years, there were various projects and programmes to curb child labour and punish those who flout the provisions of the Prevention of Child Labour Act.During the programmes, rallies would be arranged at district and tehsil places besides display of stickers and posters to create mass awareness among people, Gulhane said, adding that various NGOs working in the district against child labour and their rehabilitation would participate.The department would collect affidavits from shopkeepers, owners of restaurants, hotels and bars to the effect that they have no child labour in their respective establishment and they would not appoint children in the age group of 6-14 years.A camp would be arranged at the district court for the representatives of various NGOs and child welfare committees under the auspices of the District Free Legal Aid Cell headed by Civil Judge Sardar Tamboli on Tuesday followed by a workshop at the police headquarters. SP Ranjankumar Sharma, RDC Rajendra Deshmukh, District Labour Officer Raju Gulhane and UNICEF Advisor Paresh from Mumbai would act as faculty at the workshop.However, Gulhane has also narrated his bitter experience with the police when he contacted them for filing an FIR against a shopkeeper who was caught red handed during a surprise raid on charges of employing child labour. He said that he was forced to spend over 11 hours in the police station to get the FIR finally registered against the erring shopkeeper.\"We have conducted 63 raids in various establishments during the last four months and a few cases were registered with the police against shopkeepers who were found guilty of violating provisions of the Prevention of Child Labour Act,\" Gulhane said, adding that three raids were conducted in May and three cases were filed against the shopkeepers employing children.\"We have set up a District Child Labour Welfare Committee headed by the district collector and it would launch surprise raids on business establishments from June 26 onwards to ascertain if they employ children below 14 years,\" Gulhane said, adding that the guilty would be brought to book.On June 18 and 19, we shall go for a district level survey to gather data regarding the number of child labour and other related matters through Pune-based YESHDA, Gulhane said.Asked about the provisions for rehabilitation of child labour, Gulhane admitted that he has his own limitations and added that this area should be addressed effectively if at all the Govt wants to prevent child labour in the State.'We conduct raids, catch the culprits and file the FIR in the respective police stations from time to time followed by a long drawn legal battle which often ends up sans any punishment,\" Gulhane said, adding that it happens due to the apathy and lacunae in the police investigation.Sunil Bhele of Yuva Vedh Manch of Yavatmal, Mahesh Dhawle and Prafulla Uike were prominently present at the press conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "mamallapuram", "code": "14053089", "title": "Mamallupuram erupts in protest against government proposal to take over temple", "text": "MAMALLAPURAM: If one thing that unites all political parties in Tamil Nadu , it is heritage. Opposition is building up against the proposal by the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) to take over the Pallava era Sri Sthalasayana Perumal temple at the world heritage site in Mamallapuram, 60km south of Chennai. In a show of solidarity against the take over, people hoisted black flags atop houses, shops and other buildings in Mamallapuram.Tuesday's reaction by the locals is the first step in a series of events decided at an all-party meeting held at the sea port town a few days ago. At the meeting, all political parties including arch rivals DMK and AIADMK agreed to act together against the takeover of the temple by ASI. Traders will shut all 1,000 shops located on the six main roads including the busy Beach Road on June 19. This will be followed by protests and rally by residents, shopkeepers and traders within the town on June 28.Finally, the ECR would be blocked at Mamallapuram on July 3 where elected representatives including MLA, MP will take part in a protest gathering. \"The public anger against the takeover was evident in the monthly council meeting of the Mamallapuram town panchayat in May as a resolution was passed against take over,\" said town panchayat chairman M Kothandapani.On Tuesday, many tourist guides, shopkeepers and residents pinned a piece of black cloth on their shirts and saris. On May 20, ASI issued a public notice requesting objections if any to the Union government's proposal to declare the ancient temple as a monument of national importance under section 4 of the Ancient Monuments and Archaeological Sites and Remains Act, 1958.Within a couple of days after the notification, more than 3,000 petitions flooded the ASI's sub-office in Mamallapuram and the circle office at Fort St George in Chennai. \"We live here for generations. We are better informed about the heritage of the town than those who come here to conserve it. Our opposition is not against conservation but restrictions that will follow and cripple our lives,\" said S Balaji, a resident in Mamallapuram.Fears of the residents, who live for centuries, has become real after the enactment of the Ancient Monuments and Archaeological Site and Remains Amendment Act, 2010. Under the Act, no construction or repair work of existing structures is allowed within 100 metres of a monument. This is a \"prohibited area\" while the area within 200 metres of the prohibited area is a 'regulated area' where repair or alteration can be done with National Monuments Authority (NMA) approval. Interestingly, as most of the monuments are located within the 100 metres, the Act prohibits any construction and repair works in Mamallapuram. Armed with the powers conferred under the Act, the ASI has become more stringent in restricting construction and repairs works especially in city outskirts where many areas remain a no-go area as it fall under the Act.At present, Brihadeeswarar temple in Thanjavur, Airavateswara temple near Kumbakonam, monuments in Mamallapuram and Gangaikonda Cholapuram temple at Jayakondam are world heritage sites in the state. In Tamil Nadu, ASI has 248 monuments and 163 archaeological sites. At Mamallapuram, ASI maintains 32 monuments including Arjuna's penance, shore temple, five rathas and tiger cave. But the ancient Perumal temple do not come under ASI purview and maintained by the Hindu Religious and Charitable Endowments (HR&CE;) Department of the state government since independence.Built during eight century by Pallavas, the Sthalasayana Perumal temple has some of the most ancient sculptures in Mamallapuram. It is a small temple with two major shrines for Lord Sthalasayana Perumal and Nilamangai Thayaar. The temple is the birth place of Bhoothathazhwar, the 2nd Azhwar (Vaishanvaite saint). During Chola periord, the temple was renovated by Chola king Vikrama Chola, in 1120AD as the structure got corroded due to salt laden by sea breeze. Later, large tracts of land were allotted to mobilise revenue for the maintenance of the temple Telugu Cholas, Pandian kingdom , Samburayans and Vijayanagara rulers. \"An inscription in a copper plate was found inside the temple said two vaishnavates from Kancheepuram came to temple to monitor the functioning of the . temple in 17 - 18th centuries,\" said an archaelogistAccording to legend, sage Pundareeka was worshipping Lord Vishnu with lotus . When Pundareeka started piling water from the ocean in order to get the divine vision of Lord Vishnu, Lord Vishnu came in the guise of an old man and asked for food. The sage went to get food. When he returned, he found Lord Vishnu in an Ananthasayana posture and wearing the lotus flowers which was offered by him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14050558", "title": "Conservancy drivers go on flash strike in ice house", "text": "CHENNAI: Drivers of garbage vans in zone 9 of Chennai Corporation went on strike demanding an increase in salary from Rs 8,000 to Rs 12,000. Conservancy work in zone 9, which covers Ice House and surrounding areas, was handed over to Ramky, a private company, recently along with two other zones.On Monday night, more than 20 drivers of heavy weight garbage vans boycotted work. Officials from Ramky said garbage was being cleared in other parts of the city. Drivers of light motor vehicle and sweepers were clearing the garbage from houses and streets, but heavy motor vehicles are required to transfer them to the dumping yard. Officials are holding talks with the aggrieved employees at the Chennai Corporation depot in Nungambakkam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14039223", "title": "Thugs drug, rob Army major in auto", "text": "NEW DELHI: A major in the Indian Army was drugged, robbed and dumped by a gang who picked him up from Nizamuddin railway station in an auto on the pretext of dropping him at Dhaula Kuan.Major Rahul Ashok Mahajan, posted at the military hospital in Mathura, reached Delhi on June 7 by Mangla Express. When he was waiting at the bus stand outside the station, a man asked him about his destination. \"I told him that I had to go to Dhaula Kuan. Almost at the same time, an autorickshaw stopped near me and the driver said he would take us to Dhaula Kuan for Rs 120. We decided to share the fare and boarded the auto. After travelling for some distance, another man boarded the auto, saying he would get off at the next stop,\" the major told police.After travelling for a few more minutes, one man got down from the auto to get water and came back with a bottle of juice. Mahajan claimed this drink, which was offered to him, was loaded with sedatives. As the weather was extremely hot, the major accepted the offer.\"After 10 minutes, I began to feel sleepy and fell unconscious within 15 minutes. After that I can't remember anything. When I regained my senses 24 hours later, I found myself in the army hospital in Dhaula Kuan. All my belongings, including two suitcases, a laptop, cash, mobile phones, cards and other valuables, had been taken away by them,\" the major said.The major was allegedly dumped in Dhaula Kuan by the accused. A passerby spotted him and raised an alarm. Police have recorded his statement and registered a case of causing hurt with poisoning (328 IPC) and theft (379 IPC). \"People should hire autos from the prepaid taxi stand as it helps us track down the drivers if such an incident happens,\" a senior police officer said.Sources said these gangs used to attack elderly people but are now picking up their targets indiscriminately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14042179", "title": "Mission Admission: Going the distance", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Students, who have passed class XII and do not wish to join regular bachelor's degree programme or else choose to work along with studies, have an array of courses to look out for through distance learning programmes.Those who intend to stay in touch with the local centres of their university and attend workshops have a choice to choose a course offered by University School of Open Learning (USOL), Panjab University, or Indira Gandhi National Open University (IGNOU) or other distant learning institutes having a regional office or centre in the Tricity.\"Those who enroll for distance learning programmes must ensure that they work on their soft skills as this is one thing that is missing because of lack of classroom teaching,\" says Lalit Kumar Bansal, chairperson, USOL, PU. To ensure validity of their degree, the students must verify affiliation of the university to a recognized regulatory government bodies.\"Students can opt for a host of courses through distant learning from all fields. Disciplines like Women Studies, Gandhian and Peace studies are also being offered at masters' level,\" says Asha Sharma, regional director, IGNOU regional centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14036471", "title": "Beed-wary court gets tough on sex-determination tests", "text": "NAGPUR: Close on the heels of rampant sex-determination tests came to the fore in Beed, city courts are beginning to get tough on such tests by doctors. Recently, ad hoc additional sessions judge KL Vyas rejected a radiologist's application against a magisterial court's decision not to release his sonography machine seized during a raid by the team of Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC).The machine was seized by NMC health department team last year on June 24 following a surprise visit at Dharampeth-based clinic of Dr Vilas Kanikdaley. The NMC team had also seized certain documents from the clinic. The action was undertaken under Pre-conception and Pre-Natal Diagnostics Techniques (Prohibition of Sex Selection) Act or (PCPNDT) Act, 1994, and rules frames under it.The court observed that the appropriate authority had a \"genuine fear\" that the machine in question, if released, could be used for the purpose of sex determination and selection against which the government has passed stringent laws and rules prohibiting such practice in the wake of skewed male-female ratio.Dr Kanikdaley, challenging authority of the NMC team and manner in which the seizure was made, had filed an application before the judicial magistrate first class (JMFC) and corporation court number 2 for the release of his portable ultrasound colour doppler machine. The radiologist had pleaded that the computerized machine was delicate and needed special care and protection. The magistrate court, on September 17 last year, rejected Dr Kanikdaley's application. The doctor had filed an application for revision of magistrate's order.While Dr Kanikdaley contended that the accusations of sex selection and determination were baseless, the authorities claimed the doctor concerned erred in not filling up proper forms and get them signed by him or the pregnant woman or someone accompanying her. The authorities claimed that the incomplete forms seized by them indicated irregularities and possible sex determination and selection.The court, citing a previous decision of the high court in Suhasini Vs Kolhapur Municipal Corporation and others, also said that the \"concepts of return of property in criminal cases and in this case are totally on different footings\". Also, the court pointed out that there is no provision in the Act to release the property seized before the disposal of the matter.While pronouncing its decision on the revision application, the court also directed the magistrate concerned to expedite the hearing on day-to-day basis to ensure the case is disposed of within three months and also urged the parties in dispute to extend co-operation for quick disposal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14041140", "title": "Rupert Murdoch misleading probe: Ex-PM Gordon Brown", "text": "LONDON: Former British PM Gordon Brown accused media tycoon Rupert Murdoch on Monday of misleading a government-sponsored inquiry into press ethics with incorrect testimony alleging Brown had threatened war against Murdoch's company.In his deposition, Brown effectively called Murdoch a liar. Murdoch told the inquiry in April that Brown had phoned him in September 2009 in an \"unbalanced\" state of mind and threatened war on his media empire after the Sun newspaper switched its allegiance from Labour to the Conservatives. \"This call did not happen, this threat was not made,\" Brown told the Leveson inquiry.Brown went on to claim the \"commercial interests\" of News Corp were \"very clear\" before he became prime minister, \"and they had the support of the Conservative party (now in government) long before that\". Brown, who served as prime minister from 2007 to 2010, said that Murdoch was wrong about both the date and the contents of the phone call. Aides to Brown, including his special adviser, director of strategy and deputy chief of staff, said in statements submitted to the Press Complaints Commission last year that Brown made no such threat on call.Later, British finance minister George Osborne told a judicial inquiry into press ethics that he recommended Andy Coulson as communications director to David Cameron because \"he was the best candidate for the job\". The inquiry was sparked by the phone-hacking scandal at Murdoch's News of the World , where Coulson was editor.Coulson has since resigned, but is a suspect in the case. He has also been charged with perjury. Appearing before the Leveson Inquiry, Osborne said he asked Coulson about phone hacking when the pair met over a drink.He said, \"It was to sound him out whether there was more to the phone-hacking story than what had come out. And Coulson said No.\" Osborne had also consulted Rebekah Brooks, Coulson's former boss. Brooks, too, has been charged with perjury.The minister also revealed the proposal to extend ministerial responsibility to consider News Corp's bid to raise its share-holding in broadcaster and DTH operator BSkyB from to 100% to media secretary Jeremy Hunt, came from a senior civil servant and not him, Cameron or any other Conservative politician.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "14042793", "title": "Water theft complaints flood Rajkot collectorate", "text": "RAJKOT: Complaints of water thefts from Narmada canal pipeline have flooded the district collectorate in Rajkot. According to sources in the collectorate, most water thefts have been reported from the pipeline that supplies water to villages in Malia Miyana.\"Farmers in these villages allegedly resort to illegal means to draw water. The collector has taken a serious note of this and asked the officials to deploy security at the pipeline. Stern action, including police cases, will be registered against those found stealing water from the pipeline,\" said a district administration official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14036107", "title": "Naxals kidnap panchayat samiti member?", "text": "NAGPUR: The first time Pamchayat Samiti member, Raveena Gavde, was kidnapped on Saturday night from remote Rajaram Khandla village in Aheri taluka. It is reportedly said the abduction was facilitated by Naxals to create panic among the elected representatives and the office-bearers of local civic body.Raveena, who was reportedly staying with Mulchand, was to marry him on Tuesday.Gave was elected to the local civic body in the Zilla Parishad and Panchayat Samiti election held in February earlier this year despite Naxals' resistance to the democratic process. Police, however, have categorically denied her kidnapping.The abduction has forced the police and the district administration to go on the backfoot as the ultras have started targeting the elected representatives and office bearers of the local civic bodies just after the election for defying their diktat.The rebels have also issued threats to the elected representatives to either quit their respective posts or else face their wrath. Due to this, several elected representatives from Bhamragarh and Etapalli in south Gadchiroli have already resigned from their posts citing personal or other reasons.The Naxals had gunned down an NCP leader Kewal Atkamwar at Etapalli, and Bhamragarh Congress block president and incumbent chairperson of Panchayat Samiti Bahadur Shah Alam earlier this year to further strengthen their terror.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14051561", "title": "Cheran signs up G V Prakash for his next", "text": "Director-actor Cheran, who had been busy with his acting commitments during the last two years, has now decided to return to direction.The film will be a Tamil-Telugu bilingual with Sarva of Engaeyum Eppothum fame in the lead. The director has now signed up G V Prakash to compose the music for this untitled film.Talking about the film, GV says, \"The film is a youth-centric one, but it is hard to classify it under one genre. Though it will bear the Cheran touch , the director is actually trying something new with this film and is pushing the envelope further in terms of filmmaking.\" The duo has already recorded a song for the film, which was written by lyric engineer Madhan Karky. Siddharth, who shot Aravaan, is the cinematographer the film, which is likely to go on floors by July. While there is no confirmation regarding the leading lady, we hear that Nithya Menen, who was earlier seen in Nootrenbadhu and Veppam, is being considered for the role.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14037305", "title": "Sanitary workers continue to burn garbage", "text": "NAGPUR: Uncleared garbage may pose health hazard to citizens, but garbage set afire after being collected is just as dangerous. Unfortunately, NMC's sanitary workers are flouting environmental norms by doing just this in many parts of the city.The Ministry of Environment and Forests and Maharashtra Pollution Control Board have framed bylaws, making garbage burning a punishable offence. While sanitary workers are supposed to dispose of garbage safely, and have been provided with carts as well as trucks for the purpose, many still burn garbage, sending up noxious fumes that choke the air.NMC has been spending over Rs 90 crore a year on sanitation. Around 9,000 workers are engaged in collection and safe disposal of garbage. To monitor the system, health inspectors, supervisors and zonal officials are appointed in every zone. Still, burning of garbage continues unchecked.The burning is mostly seen on interior roads and residential areas. The workers make small heaps of garbage beside the roads and set afire to them in the morning hours. Complaints of corporators often fall on deaf ears. Some citizens also burn garbage. Civic cops appointed to counter check such violations are often seen missing from the wards.RTI activist from Pratap Nagar Avinash Prabhune said, \"Garbage is dumped in huge quantity in open plots and set afire. The garbage keeps smouldering for hours, causing severe health hazard,\" he said.Corporator from North Nagpur Kishor Gajbhiye said burning of garbage has become a habit for sanitary workers. \"Roads are not cleaned every day. Besides, the private agency engaged in collection of garbage, too, is not regular. Therefore, the sanitary workers and citizens have no option but to burn the garbage,\" he said.Corporator from East Nagpur Alka Dalal said that burning of garbage may be prevented if regular monitoring is done. \"I go around the ward every morning and monitor the sanitary workers. I complain to authorities if the workers are found burning garbage. But the problem lies with the improper service of the garbage collection agency,\" she said.Deputy director for health and health officer (sanitation) Dr Milind Ganvir said that the problem lay with health inspectors and supervisors. \"The workers will do proper work if they know they are under regular watch. I inspected a few areas and suspended workers engaged in such violations. I found a few workers burning garbage on World Environment Day. Suspension letters of 10 workers are ready. Now the health inspectors will have to be penalized for their negligence,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "karachi", "code": "14050595", "title": "PCB chief blames Punjab govt for cancellation of Bangladesh tour", "text": "KARACHI: Pakistan Cricket Board chairman Zaka Ashraf has blamed the Punjab province government for the cancellation of the Bangladesh team's tour to Pakistan in April.Speaking to a TV channel, Ashraf said one statement from the Punjab government had ruined the chances of Bangladesh playing in Pakistan.\"The statement made by the Punjab government was that it was not aware of the Bangladesh team's tour to Lahore and so how could it provide security damaged the tour,\" Ashraf said.\"The statement sent out a wrong message to the outside world and to the Bangladesh Cricket Board. Believe me everything was in place for the series to take place and we had even started printing of tickets for the two matches and other arrangements were also being put into place,\" he said.Ashraf, who was nominated as chairman of the board last October by President Asif Zardari , is also a member of the ruling Pakistan Peoples Party executive council and a well known politician.Analysts say his presence at the PCB led to the fallout between the Board and the Punjab government which is ruled by the opposition Pakistan Muslim League Nawaz group.Bangladesh called off the short tour to Pakistan, which would have been the first by any Test-playing nation since 2009, after discrepancies crept into statements made by the central and Punjab government officials on security arrangements for the visiting team.The Dhaka High Court issued an injunction against the Bangladesh board sending its players to Pakistan because of security concerns putting to rest any chances of international cricket resuming in Pakistan.No Test-playing nation has sent its team to Pakistan ever since terrorists attacked on the Sri Lankan team in March 2009 in Lahore killing six Pakistani policemen and a van driver.The standoff between the PCB and the Punjab government turned ugly last week when the Gulberg Town municipal corporation (the area where the PCB headquarters in Gaddafi stadium is located) demolished a security wall near the stadium's front entrance.Ashraf said he was thankful to former Pakistan captain, Imran Khan for supporting the PCB on the issue and said the Punjab authorities had acted hastily in demolishing the wall.\"The security wall was for the protection of the stadium and by demolishing it they achieved nothing but portray a poor image of Pakistan abroad,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14039450", "title": "Time to settle quota issue once and for all, says Sachin Pilot", "text": "JAIPUR: \"Rajesh Pilot was a leader of all. An event to mark his contributions should be used to improve relations between the two communities. We lost so many lives and must ensure that such incidents are never repeated,\" said the young Union minister of state for telecom.Besides senior leaders like Rajasthan chief minister Ashok Gehlot , his Haryana counterpart Bhupinder Singh Hooda, and Union minister for social justice and empowerment, Mukul Wasnik, a large number of Congress leaders were present.\"It's time to settle the quota issue forever,\" Pilot said, and held the Vasundhara Raje government responsible for creating \"confusion\" over the reservation demand and pitching Gujjars against Meenas. While Gujjars have shed their demand for quota as STs and seeking special status within OBCs, Meenas have extended their support to Gujjars' new demand.Chief Minister Gehlot, however, had to face Gujjar ire and was repeatedly jeered until he spoke about the community's quota demand. They were asking for a swift settlement of their quota demand. A visibly shaken Gehlot blamed the Raje government for the legal complexities over the quota issue.\"Seventy Gujjars were killed during the previous government's rule. No community in the country has lost so many of its people over one demand. I am surprised that you still voted for the people who have your blood on their hands,\" Gehlot said, addressing the Gujjars at 8Bhandana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14048956", "title": "Elderly man conned by 'cops'", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bhandup police are on lookout for two unidentified men who conned an elderly man, recently, impersonating as cops and made away with his gold chain and ring worth Rs 46,000. The incident occurred early morning on June 2 when Bhandup-resident Ramchandra Vairkar (61) was out on his morning walk on the Eastern Express highway (EEH) when one of the accused stopped him on Koparkar Road at Nahur locality and claimed that they are police in plainclothes and directed him to other accused who was seated on the motorcycle few distances away.Vairkar, in the complaint, said, \"The fraudsters, on motorcycle, informed that they were investigating a murder case that had taken place in that area and advised me to take off the valuables as a precautionary measure against thugs. The other accused who was standing closeby immediately took out a piece of paper and offered to wrap them in it. Without suspecting I did it and they handed over the wrapped paper which I took along with me.\"A Kanjurmarg police officer said Vairkar learnt that he was conned only after he met one of his friend Vijay Tirodkar while returning home. \"Vairkar narrated the incident to Tirodkar and said that he obeyed the two cops what they told him to do. Tirodkar suspected that something was amiss and asked him to unwrap the paper. Instead of his chain and ring, though, Vairkar found two small stones,\" said the officer.The unidentified accused is booked under IPC sections for 170 (impersonating a government servant) and 420 (cheating). Meanwhile the police have repeatedly alerted the elderly people those who goes on morning walk not to entertain or fall prey to the people who pose as cops. \"If anyone in plain clothes approaches him/ her, the person should be asked to accompany to the police station to verify the facts before removing the valuables and handing it to the fraudsters, posed as cops,\" said the investigators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14038449", "title": "State government adopts victim's daughters", "text": "Woman and child welfare minister Varsha Gaikwad said the state has decided to adopt three of the four daughters of Vijaymala Patekar, who died during an abortion at Dr Sudam Munde's hospital. They will be raised in a government hostel till their education is complete, Gaikwad said. The fourth child, who is just a year-and-a-half old, will be raised by her grandparents, for now.However, the state will provide at least Rs 450 a month to bring her up, Gaiwkad said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14036360", "title": "Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority chalks out plan to protect lakes", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA) has formed a separate lake division for protection and development of lakes in its jurisdiction. Addressing officials at a review meeting on lakes here on Monday, HMDA metropolitan commissioner Neerabh Kumar Prasad said the new lakes division, which would be headed by the authority's member (environment), would coordinate with district collectors of Hyderabad and Ranga Reddy, Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC), irrigation department, municipalities and gram panchayats in the peripheral areas.The commissioner also announced an action plan for restoration of lakes in the HMDA limits. The lakes in the HMDA area were divided into three categories like Central Basin (Hussainsagar catchment area), lakes falling within the erstwhile Huda area and lakes in the extended areas of HMDA.As per the action plan, all lakes in the Hussainsagar catchment area (Central Basin) would be listed out and a team consisting of HMDA engineers, officials of GHMC, irrigation and revenue departments from the districts concerned (as allotted by the district collectors) would visit these lakes and identify the requirements for restoration and protection of lakes and its full tank level (FTL). Later, field verification of the lakes would be taken up. Deputy executive engineers, HMDA (lakes and parks) division and staff from other departments like revenue, irrigation and GHMC would take up the works.In the mean time, another team of HMDA Lakes &amp; Parks division would start work on preparation of basin and sub-basin approach for remaining lakes in the erstwhile Huda area from out of 501 lakes as per the data available. These lakes would be categorised and field verification taken up.With regard to protection of water bodies in the extended area of HMDA, the urban authority would coordinate with the revenue department and National Remote Sensing Centre (NRSC) for taking latest digital maps of lakes and compare it with previous records. Thereafter, lakes with a water spread area of 10 hectares and above and important smaller tanks would be listed out and measures taken up for their protection and restoration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14035204", "title": "'Union Carbide factory cleanup needs more than Rs 350cr'", "text": "BHOPAL: An amount of Rs 350cr being sought as advance for clean up at Union Carbide from its owner Dow Chemical by government of India is too little for the job, said leaders of five organizations of survivors of Bhopal gas disaster. They were addressing a press conference here on Monday.\"What is more worrisome is that the government is yet to make any preparations to make Dow Chemical pay for the environmental and health damages caused by Union Carbide,\" said Satinath Sarangi of the Bhopal Group for Information and Action, calling for a comprehensive scientific assessment of the depth and spread of contamination.There is also a need for a health survey for thorough documentation of the health damage caused to 40,000 residents of communities in the vicinity of the factory due to exposure to the contaminants in the ground water, he added.The organizations criticized the government's current claim for compensation for environmental damages that is included in its curative petition in the Supreme Court for enhanced compensation for the gas disaster. The organizations fear that the Supreme Court is unlikely to consider the government's environmental claims in the curative petition as the problem of hazardous waste and environmental contamination predates the gas disaster and is not related to it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14036512", "title": "Indian Institute of Technology-Kharagpur director\u2019s support to HRD ministry flayed", "text": "KANPUR: The All India IIT Faculty Federation has reacted sharply to IIT-Kharagpur director Damodar Acharya's support to the government's move of 'One nation one test' proposal.The IIT Faculty Federation, through a press release, has stated that it was \"shocked to learn that the Director, IIT-Kharagapur has made public statements which are in contradiction to the resolutions made by the Senate of IIT-Kharagpur.\" The Federation said resolutions of the IIT-Kharagpur Senate did not recommend inclusion of Class XII board marks and conducting of JEE by a third party. \"IIT-Kharagpur Senate categorically said that till 2014, no change should be made and status quo should be maintained,\" it said.Separately, faculty of the IIT-Khargpur also issued a statement rejecting the Centre's proposal for a Common Entrance Test into IITs, NITs and IIITs.Acharya had said the institute does not have any objection to the Centre's move to conduct a common entrance exam for central engineering institutions. The release further stated that the decision taken by IIT-Kanpur Senate should not be seen in isolation.The Federation, while highlighting the importance of IITs, mentioned that the institutions of national importance as declared by the Parliament have specific roles in the overall growth of the economy, which ranges from providing world class technical manpower, networks of think tanks on various technological issues and carrying out research in various cutting edge areas.\"It is expected that the government would continue to nurture excellence at all the levels including IITs, other Centrally-funded technical institutions and state colleges,\" it said further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14039282", "title": "Now, crash course for law aspirants in Rajasthan University", "text": "JAIPUR: National Students Union of India (NSUI) has come to the rescue of students appearing in the entrance exam in both morning and evening Law College of Rajasthan University. They have roped in law college faculty and private coaching institutes to start a 10-day crash course on law entrance test beginning from June 20-21.\"Many students aspiring to pursue law from the university are not prepared to appear for the entrance exam. Our team is in touch with the university professors and private coaching institutes to prepare students for crash course at a nominal fee,\" said Sumit Bhagasara, state president, NSUI. The entrance test is expected to be held in the first week of July.RU has two law colleges with a total of 1,100 seats. The university is expecting around 4,000 applicants might appear in the entrance exam. The entrance test will carry 70% weightage. The test is designed to judge applicants' basics in law and general aptitude. The rest 30% will be awarded on the basis of applicants' academic score.\"I have done my graduation in commerce. I am clueless about the basics of law which will be tested in the entrance exam. If college offers some crash course on the test it will at least give me an idea of the kind of questions asked,\" said RC Meena, a student of Commerce College and a law aspirant.Similarly, other departments conducting entrance tests are also planning to provide academic assistance to students appearing in the test. Rajiv Gupta, head of department, sociology, said, \"Students are most welcome in our department to seek any clarification on the entrance test.\"He added they will also provide them guidance if required. This year university is holding entrance test in 36 post-graduate departments as aganist nine departments last year. The university is hoping the entrance test will ensure quality students in each department which is required in semster system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "alwar/jaipur", "code": "14039517", "title": "Schoolgirl raped for a year by teacher, 2 others", "text": "ALWAR/JAIPUR: A girl studying in a coaching institute at Bhiwadi was allegedly gangraped by the teacher and two aides for almost a year. The girl had not reported the matter as the accused had threatened her to keep quiet or else he would post her video footage online. However, the matter came to light three days ago when the victim attempted suicide.Police arrested one Isha, a maths teacher and booked her for criminal conspiracy (120-B), however the accused teacher and his aides were at large.The local police, however, did not highlight the arrest, but the incident came to light when Isha was produced in court.When contacted, Himmat Singh, additional superintendent of police, Bhiwadi, told TOI, \"The victim was a student of a private senior secondary school and was taking tuitions from one Ishwar Singh. The vicitms' parents alleged that she was gangraped by Ishwar and two of his accomplices for almost a year.\"\"On Saturday when the girl attempted suicide, her parents forced her to reveal the reason behind her trauma and then she spilled the beans. Later, she also informed them of video clip they had prepared,\" Singh added.The girl in her complaint has also said that on April 18 when she had gone to Puskhar for some competitive exam the accused along with his accomplices again raped her.Later, the parents and the victim mustered courage and lodged a case under Section 367 (rape) against Singh and two others while under Section 120-B (criminal conspiracy) against the mathematics teacher of the coaching institute at Bhiwadi police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14039713", "title": "Four held with controversial posters in Tapi", "text": "SURAT: Four persons, who were trying to put banners condemning the state government, were nabbed by police and booked for spreading enmity among tribals in Valod village of Tapi district on Monday evening.Deputy sarpanch of Valod Dhaval Shah and BJP youth leader of Tapi Umesh Bhavsar, had spotted the four at Valod crossroads trying to put the banners about injustice to tribal people. They informed the police, who took the accused in their custody.Driver of the tempo Salim Ghanchi, Shamji Jadav, Jayesh Parmar and Dilipa Rathod are all from Ahmedabad. Police have seized the tempo GJ-6-TT-4131 with 12 banners.\"The accused said they don't know the person who gave them the posters. They were paid to put the banners. We are questioning the accused and will do those others who are behind this,\" sub-inspector at Valod police station R M Gamit said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14039419", "title": "Ability and aptitude are key to choosing suitable career", "text": "COIMBATORE: Choosing a suitable career that is both lucrative and interesting is a tricky proposition.Meenakshi Vaidyanathan, the vice principal of a higher secondary CBSE school in the city said that every year a few students drop out of chosen courses.Many of these students may have been forced to take certain subjects, either by parents or perhaps due to peer pressure. However, there are a few who opt for the courses themselves and then later drop out. This defies the usual logic that choosing an area of ones own interest is the key to success.M Elango, head of the psychology department of PSG Arts and Science College said that a student's interest may not match his abilities.\"One may be interested in mechanical engineering because of his parents, the family or even the books or movies he watches. But this does not necessarily mean he or she may have the ability to be competent in the field,\" he notes.Without the ability or what psychologists call 'aptitude' in any particular field, one may not be able to make much progress in the field even if opportunities are present, he said.But how is it possible for an average person to identify an area of talent if like most of us, he or she has not shown talent in an area like music, writing or any particular area for that matter.\"Here is where most of us make a choice based on interest, which may have developed from books, family or otherwise,\" said Elango. He says there are psychologically proven tests which can help identify an area where he or she has talent.There are different modules of aptitude tests which can assess abilities in verbal, technical, language as well as other areas. But the accuracy of such tests is questionable although T Srinivasan, a former psychology professor confirms that such tests are accurate. The results of such a test can be assessed only by a trained psychologist, he added. Moreover, this is a time-consuming exercise which may even cost a few thousands, he said.B Selvaraj, an associate professor of psychology at the Government Arts College Coimbatore said that they can conduct such tests free of cost.Though even those who are working can take the test to decide on a career change, he says they should be ideally taken after passing class 10 as one has to choose a stream after this. Anyone interested in taking the test can book an appointment with Selvaraj at 9442766594.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14043244", "title": "Cop, 2 others die in accident", "text": "KOLKATA: Three persons, including a sub-inspector of Kolkata Armed Police, died and two persons were injured A sub-inspector of Kolkata Armed Police and two others died in a car accident at Lovers Lane in south Kolkata's Hastings late on Sunday.The incident occurred at 1pm when the five persons were heading south in a sedan. When near Fort William's Furlong Gate, the car turned turtle after the driver lost control and rammed into a tree while taking a sharp turn.Police said five persons were heading south in the sedan that was at a high speed near Fort William's Furlong gate where the driver lost control after taking a sharp turn and rammed into a wayside tree before overturning. All five occupants were trapped in the mangled vehicle.A police patrol spotted the mangled car and rushed to the rescue of the victims. The passengers were brought out by breaking open overturned car after hearing a huge thud and brought out all its passengers by breaking open window panes and the wind screen. All five were taken to hospital where three were declared dead. The deceased were identified as The three dead were identified as 57-year-old Louis Kujur, Gautam Rajoar (34) and Rahul Thakuri (35).The while the injured duo, now undergoing treatment at a private hospital in Ekbalpore, were identified as Chandan Ghoshal and AK Singh.All five are residents of were from the Body Guard Lines where Kolkata Police has its quarters. Louis was an assistant sub-inspector of Kolkata Police, while Ghoshal is a constable in the Divisional Reserve office of the south division. Police said the accident occurred around 1 am and AK Singh was driving the car he owns. His father recently retired from Kolkata Police.Like Singh, Thakuri's father is also a cop who is now posted at Burrabazar police station. Gautam's father Gopal is now posted at third Battalion.They had gone Police sources said they all went to Esplanade and were returning to the BG Lines quarters. Sources hinted that the victims were drunk. However, cops are yet to confirm this.\"The three bodies were sent for autopsy postmortem and we will be able to ascertain whether or not they were drunk only after getting the report,\" said a senior Kolkata Police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14039046", "title": "SC refuses to stay UP panchayat polls", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday refused to stay the Uttar Pradesh government notification stipulating SC, ST, OBC and woman reservation pattern for sarpanchs, and effectively giving its nod in holding of four-phase panchayat polls starting from June 24.Candidates in the fray had questioned the Akhilesh Singh Yadav government's notification identifying reserved constituencies for SC, ST, OBC and woman saying it had breached the statutory rotational reservation pattern.By the rotation policy, a constituency reserved for any of the categories or earmarked for general candidate could not retain its category for the next election. The candidates alleged that this principle has been overlooked in the new notification.Though a bench of Justices K S Radhakrishnan and J S Khehar said it would not order deferment of the polls, the results of the election would be subject to the final outcome. The court posted the matter for final hearing in the second week of August.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "14052295", "title": "Husain Haqqani did write memo to US, 'not loyal' to Pakistan: Probe panel", "text": "ISLAMABAD: A Pakistani judicial commission has concluded that the country's former ambassador to the US, Husain Haqqani, was behind a mysterious memo that sought US help to stave off a feared coup and said he was \"not loyal\" to the country while serving as an envoy.The Supreme Court-appointed commission's findings were made public as a nine-judge bench headed by Chief Justice Iftikhar Chaudhry began examining the panel's report this morning.After the sealed report was presented to the bench, the Chief Justice asked attorney general Irfan Qadir to read out its recommendations.The report said Haqqani was \"not loyal\" to Pakistan while serving as the envoy in the US and had sought to undermine the security of the country's nuclear assets, the armed forces, the Inter-Services Intelligence and the constitution.The panel further concluded that the alleged memo was authentic and was drafted on Haqqani's instructions.It concluded that Haqqani had sought US support through the memo and that he had wanted to head a new national security set-up.The panel further said Haqqani had not accounted for USD two million spent from a secret fund of the Pakistani Embassy in Washington.The apex court adjourned the matter for two weeks and directed Haqqani to appear in person at the next hearing. It also issued notices to all parties involved in the case.The bench directed authorities to make the judicial commission?s report public.Haqqani, currently in the US, was forced to quit after Pakistani-American businessman Mansoor Ijaz made the memo public last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14039121", "title": "Cong-BJP slugfest over SC order on minority sub-quota", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court's refusal to stay the Andhra Pradesh high court order quashing 4.5% sub-quota for minorities led to a political slugfest, with the BJP accusing the ruling party of raking up \"communal agenda\" and Congress hitting back terming it as \"Sultan of communalism\".BJP welcomed the apex court's decision. The Congress, however, downplayed the decision saying there was \"nothing unusual\" in the order.\"Congress has been steadfastly and continuously following the communal agenda. We saw it in the Uttar Pradesh assembly elections. In spite of the results in these elections giving the message that voters have rejected the communal agenda, Congress has not learnt its lesson,\" BJP spokesperson Nirmala Sitharaman told reporters here.Accusing Congress of indulging in appeasement of minorities and adopting \"divide and rule\" policy, Sitharaman said, \"They (Congress) do not have the conviction to run this country on an agenda which will benefit all. They want to have this divide and rule policy and appeasement politics,\" adding, \"BJP demands that the government focuses on issues which are affecting all citizens.\"Reacting sharply to main Opposition, BJP, Congress spokesperson Manish Tewari said, he was \"surprised to hear the word communalism from BJP\", adding that the party is the \"Sultan of communalism\" and has \"vitiated\" communal harmony in the country.The Supreme Court on Monday refused to stay a Andhra Pradesh HC order quashing 4.5% sub-quota for minorities in central educational institutions like IITs and ticked off the government for the way it has handled the \"complex\" and \"sensitive\" issue.Accusing Congress of pursuing a policy of appeasement of minorities and ruling by \"divide and rule,\" Sitharaman said, \"They (Congress) do not have conviction to run this country on an agenda which will benefit all. They want to have this divide and rule policy and appeasement politics.\"Playing up the SC decision, Tewari said, \"There is nothing unusual in it. Nothing much should be read into it... if Court has made any observation, the Centre will look into it. The government will present its position before the court. We hope that the court will accept our position.\" He made it clear that Congress fully backs the government on the issue stating \"those who are marginalized should be brought into the mainstream.\"On the verdict, Sitharaman said \"In this particular case, we know it is not a final verdict. We know it is not an end of the story on the appeal. But it just shows repeatedly that they are in a hurry to keep up this agenda of appeasing minorities. They are not even doing their homework. They did not do it during the UP elections.\"Attacking the Congress-led UPA, she said \"They don't talk on tackling poverty.... they do not want to talk about inflation or price control. No infrastructure development interests them. Repeatedly with haste and hurry, they are playing with the sentiment of minorities.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14042881", "title": "Theatre, mime workshop enthrals kids", "text": "KOLKATA: Enthusiasm got the better of the young citizens of Kolkata. The children braved the soaring mercury to attend a week-long workshop held at both the Park Street and Salt Lake campuses of the and went to the summer celsius was not able to keep the children of Apeejay School away from their favourite Apeejay Anand Children's Library.While the theatre training classes were presided over by theatre artist Rijita Chatterjee, Debu Pal talked about the realms of theatre as an interdisciplinary skill. Pal is a mime artist of international repute. Apart from students from other schools like Lakshmipat Singhania Academy, children from the neighbouring localities also participated in the workshop. The librarians organized a one week theatre training and mime workshop in both the libraries. Theatre artist Rijita Chatterjee along with international mime artist Debu Pal worked on the realms of theatre as an interdisciplinary skill with students who joined in not only from other schools like Lakshmipat Singhania Academy, but also from the neighbouring locality.The children rehearsed and explored the various inherent aspects of areas of theatre like music, literature, dialogue, scripting etc. This exercise helped Through this exercise of theatre students recognize their own personality and understand the nuances that they have to work on to make life more enjoyable. In the words of the trainer, \"Whatever art gives us is essentially present in us already. Hence, theatre - the greatest medium of literature and learning - is and always will be a part of one's system.\"For participants like Pinky and Sujit who stay in the slums of Kestopur, \"Miming is a great way to communicate without conveying any emotion at all and the theatre exercises are new and rejuvenating.\"The trainers are from the theatre repertoire of Oglambally. Rijita Chatterjee has been is an actress trained in theatre from London (Surrey) and has been involved in professional theatre with the likes of Janardan Ghosh, Kunal Padhi, Anindita Sarbhaadhicari and Usha Ganguly. At present, she is working in her own production \"Beyond Freud\".Rijita has recently ventured into She has recently entered cinema and has worked with the legendary director Buddhadeb Dasgupta. Sourav Das, on the other hand, is a theatre enthusiast and currently working for lead serials in Kolkata. while Debu Pal is an international mime artist of great repute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14053190", "title": "Net banking: Everything you want to know", "text": "The milling crowds at some bank counters might give us a feeling that netbanking hasn't really caught on in India. But that isn't true. Multiple surveys have indicated that the number of people making use of the internet for financial transactions has been increasing. For example, McKinsey India's Personal Financial Services Survey of 2011 says branch banking has come down by 15 percent points.But then why do we see such huge crowds in some banks? That's because though the number of people doing netbanking is on the rise, their percentage is small. The McKinsey report puts the figure at 7% of the total number of bank customers. But this 7% itself is a jump \u2014 from a mere 1% five years back. The survey also shows that India leads the growth in Asia in mobile and internet usage for banking.What financial transactions can be done online? Quite lot, in fact. You can check your balance online, which means you can bid goodbye to your passbook. You can open fixed deposits and recurring deposits, which means you are saved from a whole lot of paperwork at the bank. If you need to pay someone, you needn't write out a cheque, and post it; you can transfer cash online to any branch; you just need to get your 'Third Party Transfer' option enabled. All banks have multiple layers of security to make sure there is no misuse. You can also make your credit card payments online.The scope of netbanking has now broadened to including even services that aren't strictly banking. Many banks, especially in the private sector, are now getting into wealth management, for example. One of the reasons is that many customers like to handle their investments themselves rather than rely on third party agents. And this is possible, thanks to the power of internet technology, which allows users to make informed decisions. Artha Money and Intuit are very popular websites that help users to view all their accounts in one place, set budgets, configure alerts and track their investments. ICICI Direct links your banking, trading and demat accounts. HDFC Securities is another popular one.ING Vysya Bank has gone one step ahead, and got the wealth management functions also within the netbanking website. Thus, with a single login into the netbanking account, you get access to a whole range of services that goes beyond mere banking. Sonalee Panda, business head, wealth management &amp; marketing, ING Vysya Bank, says, \"75% of our clients rate control and access to their investments as the most important need. This is in line with the growing 'Do-It-Yourself' trend we are witnessing in travel and shopping.\"You can either check your bank balance or go to the wealth management section and check out the investment products. The customers can view not only their mutual funds but also investments across life insurance, demat account, portfolio management schemes and other assets.Thanks to technology, managing finances all by ourselves sitting in the comforts of our homes is only getting easier by the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14040846", "title": "Activists seek Rs 8 per km as minimum auto fare", "text": "MUMBAI: Consumer rights activists have submitted a fresh petition before the Hakim Committee, demanding that the minimum auto fare in Mumbai should be reduced from Rs 12 (for 1.6 km) to just Rs 8 (for 1 km). The activists from Mumbai Grahak Panchayat (MGP) have also demanded telescopic fares, meaning the longer you travel, the lesser you pay. They want the fare for every additional km to reduce from Rs 7 to Rs 6.5 for long journeys.\"We are fighting in the interest of millions of commuters who travel by autos daily. We want them to get quality service at an affordable price,\" said S Deshpande of the MGP. \"The demand by auto unions to make flag down fare as Rs 20 for the first 2 km is absurd and highly exaggerated. It deserves to be rejected outright by the committee.\"In his petition before the Hakim panel, Deshpande said that a permit owner, after buying an auto for Rs 1.4 lakh, made a net earning of Rs 72,960 in the very first year. This was more than 52% returns on investment and that he recovered the entire investment in less than two years. \"The permit holder collects rent of Rs 200 per shift daily from auto drivers-which comes to Rs 1.2 lakh (for a 300-day run) annually. After deducting expenses towards loan interest, repairs, maintenance and taxes, which comes to Rs 47,040 per annum, he can recover the entire investment in less than two years. Why should the burden of Rs 200 rent be passed on to consumers?\" he asked.Auto unions had considered this aspect of rent (Rs 200 per shift) while demanding the fare hike.The MGP also submitted its own findings and calculations, which indicated that the vehicle costs would be Rs 1.14 per km, cost of living index Rs 4.33 while the fuel cost Rs 1.29 and taxes/insurance, etc will be 17 paise. The total cost would be Rs 6.93, rounded to Rs 7. \"For the first flag down, an incentive of Re 1 should be given to the driver. We, therefore, demand a basic fare of Rs 8 per km,\" he stated.He also informed the committee that for long distance travel, there was better operational mileage and the expenses were low. \"So the per kilometre tariff should be reduced from Rs 7 to Rs 6.5 after the first 10 km,\" he suggested.The petition further stated, \"Commuters are overcharged for every 200 metres in the present system. This is because the drop in the meter takes place in advance of the actual distance travelled.\"The MGP also insisted that there should be no fare hike unless e-meters were installed in all autos and the drivers improved the quality of service in Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "14038993", "title": "Thane ex-collector, senior officials discharged in '96 land scam case", "text": "THANE: Former Thane collector GB Pingulkar, additional collector (ULCRA) Sudhir Meshram and 25 revenue and Thane municipal corporation civic body officials were discharged by the Thane sessions court on Monday over a 1996 land scam case in 1996.The officials were accused of misrepresenting facts to the state government and exempting large plot owners from surrendering their surplus land to the state under the urban land ceiling (regulation) Act (ULCRA).Meshram is said to have passed an order on March 14, 1989 giving a clean chit to the land owners that they have no surplus land. The state government ordered an inquiry and the anti-corruption bureau was asked to make its submissions in the case.The ACB in its investigation report alleged that all the accused named in the cases connived to get the surplus land removed from the process of surrender. An FIR was lodged with the Thane town police station way back in 1989.Disposing a clutch of applications, special judge in Thane court S B Ghabane came down heavily on the investigating agency and said that it had adopted irregularity in the investigations into the caseAmong the 27 discharged include the then tehasildards, D N Dalal, TMC officer N S Shenolikar, P G Borwankar, assistant director of town planning, V C Thosar, ULC tehasildar, S L Patil, talathi, V M Joshi, architect M R Patkar, and a number of land owners, and one woman S N Daki.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14034895", "title": "Jharkhand Academic Council students hope to join DU through entrance tests", "text": "RANCHI: Students who passed Plus II from schools and colleges under Jharkhand Academic Council (JAC) and could not score high marks have not given up hope of getting admission in top college of Delhi University -- if not through marks cut-off system, definitely through entrance tests.\"I always had a desire to study in Delhi University but my marks are not good enough. I scored 65.9% in commerce and now the entrance test is the only ray of hope for me. We are all aware that admission is also possible through entrance test and is not restricted to marks basis. As many colleges in DU conducts entrance test I have started my preparation. I am sure to get admission in some good college,\" said Priyanka, an intermediate pass out from Women's College who has applied for two courses.\"Everyone can't score high marks, especially, if one is a student under JAC. So I am neither depressed nor lost hope. I have filled up forms for BBA and mass communication and I am sure to get admission in DU,\" she added.Many colleges in DU conducts entrance examination for various courses like English, mass communication, social work and many business-oriented courses like Economic (Hons), Business Economics, Bachelor of business studies and many such courses.Sweety, another student who passed out from St Xavier's College, said: \"I want to take admission in Delhi University. Marks have not deterred me to look for admission in my dream university. I want to be a journalist and an entrance test is the only way to take admission and no marks criteria. So I hope to crack the exam and fulfil my long-cherished dream.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14035098", "title": "Party rivalry claims life of AIADMK leader", "text": "MADURAI: A 58-year-old AIADMK functionary was murdered in Madurai late on Sunday night, allegedly due to an intra-party rivalry. The accused, also AIADMK functionaries, had nursed a grudge with the victim over gaining a stranglehold in the locality as well as obtaining contracts for various projects in the city corporation.The deceased, K Manoharan (58), a resident of Chintamani near Avaniapuram and the ward secretary of AIADMK was attacked by a gang late on Sunday night. He died at the government hospital on Monday morning. Police have arrested nine persons, including an AIADMK councillor in the Madurai Corporation. Two more accused are on the run, police said.Manoharan was standing near a tea shop along with his brother in their locality when a gang hacked him indiscriminately and fled the spot. With severe injuries on the neck, head and chest, Manoharan was rushed to the government hospital in Madurai. But he succumbed to the injuries.\"There were two motives, a long term rivalry and a recent provocation for the murder. The prime accused, Boominathan and his relatives, recently clashed with Manoharan over laying a pipeline in the area while another accused, N Ramasubramani, was vying with Manoharan to gain a stranglehold in the party as well as locality. The two conspired to murder Manoharan,'' said Madurai SP V Balakrishanan.On May 4, the steps of a house in Chintamani had to be demolished to lay a drainage pipeline to set right a faulty pipeline near Manoharan's house. The demolition of the steps led to a quarrel between Manoharan and Boominathan, which snowballed into a clash between the relatives and supporters of both the men. In the melee, Manoharan had allegedly attacked Murugan, nephew of Boominathan. While Murugan had to be hospitalised with severe injuries, the two lodged complaints against each other in the police station. Manoharan was arrested in the case and subsequently came out on bail.Ever since he came out, Boominathan was nursing a grudge and waiting for an opportunity to avenge the attack, police said. \"Boominathan was an associate of councillor Ramasubramani. He even worked for the latter's success in the local body election. Ramasubramani saw Manoharan as a threat to his popularity and ascendance in the party. Hence, he too wanted Manoharan to be eliminated,'' a police official said.Police have also arrested Boomithan's sons, Balamurgan and Manikandan, as well as five of their associates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14036673", "title": "At Rs 20 crore a seat, it's a close contest in Andhra bypolls", "text": "HYDERABAD: If YSR Congress chief Jaganmohan Reddy wins 17 out of the 18 assembly seats up for byelections, then a huge contingent of MLAs from both the Congress and TDP will turn up at Raj Bhavan to swear loyalty to him, said political sources on Monday. In fact, this number could be as large as 25, they claimed. Most MLAs would be from the Congress, but there might be a significant number of TDP MLAs as well, the sources said. However, it does seem the contest will be lot closer than previously assumed.\"Last few days have seen hectic campaigning and money flow. A close contest is on,\" said a party office-bearer. Although the exact estimate of the money spent by political parties can't be made, analysts claim it could be over Rs 300 crore: roughly Rs 20 crore or more per seat. Some have even said the total expense could go up to Rs 500 crore. Community leaders who can swing votes have been paid extensively, as also individual voters. In some seats, each vote is priced at Rs 2,000.Jagan will be quite downbeat if YSR Congress wins less than 12 seats. Seventeen of the 18 MLAs who resigned were Jagan loyalists. Ideally for Jagan, each of them should get re-elected to validate the YSR Congress line. (The 18th bypoll was caused by Chiranjeevi's election to Rajya Sabha.) Sources close to Jagan say he believes he will win 17 seats, and that he has his game plan ready, which he'll set rolling once the results are out. At the same time, some independent observers say the groundswell for Jagan after his arrest hasn't happened. This despite Jagan's sister Sharmila and his mother Vijayamma drawing large crowds during the campaign.If 25 TDP and Congress MLAs switch over to YSR Congress, the government will be in crisis but it won't fall. In a House of 294, the Congress has 164 MLAs after Chiranjeevi's Praja Rajyam Party's merger with it. It also has the support of seven Majlis Ittehadul Muslimeen (MIM) MLAs. There is pressure on MIM boss Asaduddin Owaisi to ditch the Congress and throw his lot with YSR Congress but it hasn't worked so far. If the MLAs do cross over, the Congress and TDP will have to move the Speaker for their disqualification. But the two parties are caught in a cleft stick. If there's indeed a Jagan wave, they would want to avoid another round of by-elections. Running the government would then become impossible unless the Congress and TDP enter into a tacit understanding. This isn't unlikely.As for money flow, it was evident when Rs 55 crore in cash and valuables were caught by the police in the run up to the by-elections. In 2009, for 42 Lok Sabha and 294 assembly seats, merely Rs 38 crore was seized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "faridabad", "code": "14035137", "title": "Sand mafia truck mows down cop", "text": "FARIDABAD: In a shocking incident that shows the growing boldness of the illegal sand mafia in Faridabad, a dumper driver rammed through a police barrier, hitting a constable and killing him on the spot even as the cop was trying to stop the truck.The incident took place just a few kilometers from the national capital around 4am on Monday. The driver was apparently instructed by a local sand mafia operator -- identified as one Rajpal Chauhan - to break through the barrier at all costs. Chauhan also owns the dumper involved with the accident.The driver, identified as Pappu, was eventually nabbed near Delhi's Badarpur border after a high speed chase. But Chauhan, who was \"leading'' the truck in a Santro car, managed to escape. The deceased constable has been identified as Mahavir (46), a PCR driver with Faridabad police since 2003 who was posted at the Palla Road police outpost (Swarai Khawaja).A resident of Dubbal Dhan village in the Jhajjar district of Haryana, Mahavir had joined the police after serving the Indian Army for 16 years. A case of murder has been registered at the Swarai Khawaja police station in Faridabad against both the accused. Several teams have been formed to track Chauhan, a resident of Sector 30 in Faridabad.According to ACP Darshan Mallik, the control room informed the Palla Road outpost of a truck which was travelling at high speed towards them and was carrying illegally mined sand from the banks of the Yamuna situated around 12km ahead at Palla. \"By 3.25am, the message was relayed and a PCR van, identified as PCR 4 was already chasing the truck. Mahavir and ASI Suresh Chand in PCR van 2 joined in. Another PCR van - identified as PCR 3 - also took up position,'' he said.Less than 200 metres from the barrier, the driver, Pappu, slowed down. \"It was Chauhan who called on the mobile and told him to break through the barrier. As the dumper sped on to the wrong lane, Mahavir had little time to move and was mowed down immediately. He died on the spot. The PCR van too was badly damaged. At that time we did not pay attention to the Santro car in which Chauhan was travelling. Chauhan continued driving ahead of the dumper. PCR vans 3 and 4 continued the chase. The dumper driver Pappu finally made a mistake after travelling another 17km. He entered a wrong lane near Sibbal Cinema at the Badarpur border and crashed into a Maruti van and came to a halt. The driver of the Maruti van was injured. We nabbed him from the spot,'' said the investigating officer.Sensing he would be caught, Chauhan turned towards a dirt track, abandoned the vehicle and fled from the spot.Sources claimed Chauhan, the owner of this truck has at least another dumper which he uses to transport illegally mined sand. ``He has been active in the Palla area for the past five years but we are yet to find any criminal case against him,'' said the investigating officer.The Faridabad police said that Mahavir Singh would be cremated with honours and a condolence meeting was held by Faridabad police on Monday evening itself. The deceased is survived by his wife and two children who are studying at Rohtak.Though the Haryana government hands out periodic sand mining contracts, gross violations have been reported each year from the Palla area. Sources claimed the mining takes place in the middle of the night and the sand gets transported in the early morning to Delhi and UP using numerous dumpers. There have been numerous accidents where these dumpers - driving at high speed - have killed people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14037217", "title": "Only SSC marks to count for Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited job", "text": "NAGPUR: In order to do away with any possibility of irregularities in recruitment, MSEDCL in a revolutionary move, has decided to hire 7,000 electrical assistants only on the basis of SSC marks. Till now recruitment was done on basis of written test followed by an interview.A MSEDCL official said that recruitment on basis of written test and interview left scope for irregularities. \"Politicians pressurized us to recruit people recommended by them. Sometimes officials too indulged in nepotism. Now the aspirant needs to be SSC pass and an ITI in electrical. A merit list will be prepared on the basis of SSC marks.\"The official further explained that the posting of the successful candidate will depend on his position in the merit list. Those higher up the list will have a better choice of getting the zone of their choice.Even though there are 7,000 vacancies, there are none in Nagpur Urban Zone (NUZ), which covers Nagpur district. In Nagpur Zone (NZ), which covers Bhandara, Gondia, Wardha, Chandrapur and Gadchiroli districts, there are only 58 vacancies. The official explained that line staffers working in Spanco area were transferred to NUZ and NZ and hence there are very few vacancies in the two zones. \"We are not creating new posts but only filling up the vacant ones.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "14034863", "title": "Raids on Hazaribag &amp; Bokaro health clinics to check female foeticide", "text": "BOKARO: District health department officials on Monday conducted surprise inspections in several nursing homes and health clinics in Hazaribagh and Bokaro districts to check female foeticide.While civil surgeon (CS) Bokaro Shashibhusan Prasad Singh initiated inspection in nursing homes witnessing that Bokaro having the lowest female sex ratio in the state, Hazaribagh deputy commissioner Manish Ranjan directed the district's CS ADN Prasad to conduct checking in health clinics after receiving several complaints of malpractices in this regard from the residents.According to Ranjan, a team of several medical experts, headed by Prasad and other senior doctors, conducted raids simultaneously at several clinics. \"The raid is still continuing and inspection reports by the medical teams are awaited. Those will be found guilty for encouraging female foeticide (kanya bhurn hatya) will have to face stern legal action and their licenses will also be cancelled,\" he said.Ranjan said female foeticide was a serious crime. The last census report of Hazaribagh has come to fore a huge difference between male and female figures.In Bokaro, Singh said the falling sex ratio indicated that the people were still involved in female foeticide. \"This should be stopped at any cost.\" He along with two doctors conducted surprise inspection in four nursing homes and health clinics of the town. \"We have sealed ultrasound machine in Paul Nursing Home finding that there is no technician,\" said Singh. He added that all steps were being taken for strict enforcement of the Preconception and Prenatal Sex Selection and Determination (Prohibition and Regulation) Act in the district. He has directed health officials to identify the clinics which are involved in such practices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14036374", "title": "NGO claims to rehabilitate several child labourers", "text": "KANPUR: An NGO claim that the helpline service initiated by it has been instrumental in rehabilitating more than two dozen of child labourers in past four months.\"We agree to the fact that a few of the children work for earning livelihood, the association rescues only those children who want to quit their jobs. The representative of the NGO carry out awareness programmes through various school and in this way we receive support of the local people in rescuing the child,\" said Kamal Kant Tewari, director of a government supported NGO.Tewari pointed out a new website to promote the awareness in their rescue drive. \"We have been creating awareness through a website among locals about the NGO and also to help in extending our services to rescue these children working as labourers in different commercial establishments,\" added Tewari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14037503", "title": "Robbery solved within three hours, 3 held", "text": "PUNE: The Kothrud police arrested three suspects for allegedly robbing an MBA student of his gold chain worth Rs 20,000, during early hours on Monday. The incident had taken place late on Sunday night at Erandwane.The police said the suspects, Vinayak alias Munna Chintaman Pardeshi (30) is from Erandwane, and Dheeraj Shankar Katikar (20) and Dinesh Hanumant Katikar (24) are residents of Janwadi. A police team led by assistant police inspector S D Deshmukh arrested the trio within three hours of the incident. A complaint has been lodged by Adesh Arun Sarbhukan (23) of Gokhalenagar.Deshmukh said that around 11.30 pm, when Sarbhukan was returning to Gokhalenagar on his motorcycle, the trio, who were following him on the motorcycle, blocked his way. The trio alleged that Sarbhukan had tried to dash against their motorcycle and picked up a fight with him.\"One of the suspects snatched his gold chain and they fled from the spot,\" Deshmukh said.Sarbhukan then came to the police station with his brother and lodged the complaint.\"Sarbhukan gave us the number of the motorcycle used by the suspects. We immediately obtained the address of the owner, one Dinesh Katikar of Janwadi,\" Deshmukh said.A police team including constables J A Patil, S R Barkade, S S Waghole and J S Bagde reached Janwadi around 3 am and woke up Katikar, who was asleep in his house\"During questioning Katikar admitted that he was at Erandwane around 11.30 pm on Sunday and also revealed the names of the other two suspects,\" Deshmukh said. tnn\"We arrested the trio under section 392 ( robbery) of the Indian Penal Code. The complainant recognised them. They were produced before the court on Monday and remanded to police custody till June 13,\" Deshmukh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14039217", "title": "1 killed, 10 hurt as robbers open fire", "text": "JAIPUR: Fear gripped Bhojpura village under Phagi teshil on the outskirts of Jaipur when at least seven armed assailants barged into a house in a dacoity bid and opened fire on a family killing one person and injuring 10 others.The incident took place early on Monday morning when the assailants barged into the house belonging to one Raghnath Nat. Soon after they started searching the almirahs. And when Nat's son Sanjay and his wife Kamla devi resisted, they opened fire in which three persons were injured, police said.Later, the family started shouted and when the neighbours came to know of it they started chasing the robbers. Seeing so many villagers chasing them, the robbers started firing in which six others were injured, police added.The robbers managed to flee from the scene, later the villagers intimated the nearby Phagi police station for help. A team of senior police officers rushed to the spot to take stock of the situation.\"One person, Sanjay Nat (21), succumbed in the hospital,\" Bharat Lal Meena, additional superintendent of police, Dudu , told TOI on Monday.He said seven persons were injured in the incident.When asked about the cash and valuables stolen, he said, \"The injured are in a shock. We are awaiting a complaint from their side to know what all has been looted from their house.\"Since Bhojpura village is notorious for prostitution, the police are also investigating what led the assailants to open fire. \"Prima facie, since the victim Raghunath Nat is quite a well-to-do person in the Nat community, so the robbers targeted his house,\" a senior officer said.Soon after the incident, the roads connecting Jaipur to Malpura and Malpura to Ajmer were barricaded. \"No arrests have been made in this connection so far,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14036397", "title": "June turning out to be hotter this year", "text": "KANPUR: The city witnessed a hot start to the week, with the mercury touching the mark of 44.8 degrees on Monday. The minimum temperature plunged by few degrees to touch the mark of 23.2 degrees. June is turning out to be more hotter this year in comparison to 2011.The mercury is witnessing drastic rise in June this year in comparison to 2011. The temperature on June 11, 2011 was 36.8 degree Celsius. According to the meteorologists, the reason for low temperature in 2011 was the early arrival of monsoon. The delay in monsoons this year is leading to prolonged summers and high temperature, the weather experts pointed out.The low humidity during the day added to the heat. The people standing in queues to wait for conveyance were sweating badly. The roads wore a deserted look.According to the weather scientists of Chandra Shekhar Azad University, there are less chances of change in the prevailing weather conditions in the near future. The mercury is likely to rise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14037466", "title": "CBI to examine coalgate screening panel members", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a new development in the coalgate scam, the CBI may examine the members of screening committee which were part of allocations made to various companies.CBI sources said examination could be to take their help in understanding the alleged irregularities of the coal block allocation and their utilisation by the allottees.However, the agency sources clarified that so far they have not found alleged involvement of any of the members of the screening committee and examination would be to clarifyand understand issues involved in the allocation of coal blocks.The allocation of coal blocks is done through mechanism of an inter-ministerial inter-governmental body called screening committee which is chaired by coal secretary.It includes secretary of nine ministries having interests in coal, besides heads of various PSUs, and chief secretaries of coal supplying states are also part of it.The role of screening committee is to decide on the eligibility of applicant seeking allocation of coal through detailed scrutiny.Meanwhile, the agency has received crucial documents from the coal ministry and is scrutinizing them, they said. The CBI had initiated a preliminary enquiry in connection with the alleged irregularities in the utilisation and allocation of coal blocks allocated to private companies between 2006 and 2009.The agency has registered the PE, which is the first step of initiating the CBI probe, against unknown persons in connection with a complaint referred to it by the CVC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14036161", "title": "When rights violators kill themselves", "text": "NEW DELHI: When a former Army officer involved in anti-insurgency operations in Kashmir shot himself dead last weekend, it was a dramatic parallel to the suicide of an IPS officer 15 years ago in the aftermath of the Punjab militancy. Each had gained notoriety as the main accused in the murder of a prominent human rights defender. While Major Avtar Singh of Rashtriya Rifles had been chargesheeted for the murder of Jalil Andrabi in 1996, Ajit Singh Sandhu, SSP of Tarn Taran, had been charge sheeted for the murder of Jaswant Singh Khalra in 1995.In their own different ways, both officers had gone to extreme lengths to avoid the shame of standing trial for murder. Avtar Singh had dropped out of sight and secretly migrated to the US along with his family. Sandhu, while on bail, had jumped in front a running train near Chandigarh, leaving behind a suicide note saying, \"It's better to die than to live the life of humiliation.\"Avtar Singh too was driven to committing suicide barely a year after his existence in California had fortuitously come to light, thanks to a domestic violence case booked against him by his wife. It is not clear though whether he killed himself and his family members because of any problems he was facing in the US or the prospect of being extradited to India to face trial.Nobody from Rashtriya Rifles has been punished yet for Andrabi's murder. The consolation in the Khalra's case is that four of Sandhu's co-accused, all from Punjab police, were given life sentence by the high court and Supreme Court. Khalra had been targeted for unearthing evidence of extra judicial killings and secret mass cremations that had allegedly been carried out by the police during the insurgency years in Punjab. Andrabi had earned the ire of security forces in Kashmir for combining his human rights advocacy with pro-Azadi politics.Whatever its provocation, Avtar Singh's suicide came close on the heels of the suicide of a senior police officer battling Maoists in Chhattisgarh. On March 12, Rahul Sharma, SP of Dantewada district, shot himself in the head with his service revolver. Though he had been embroiled in human rights controversies for implementing Salwa Judum, the exact reason for Sharma's suicide has remained shrouded in mystery.One rare and clear instance of an official killing himself out of remorse was Mumbai police inspector Iqbal Bargir. He left behind a suicide note in 2001 saying that he was unable to bear the burden of framing several innocent persons at the instance of his superiors. One such innocent person named by Bargir in his suicide note, municipal corporation sweeper Armogam Kounder, was subsequently released after he had been handed out a life sentence on the charges of rape and murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "14039648", "title": "Bank fraud: Notice issued to close accounts", "text": "NOIDA: A day after Noida police busted a gang that cheated several banks of crores by obtaining loans through fake documents, notices have been served on banks to close the 130 accounts that were opened by the gang over a period of time. The police also have asked RBI to issue an advisory. The police said soon bank officials responsible for issuing loans and verification will be investigated.SSP Gautam Budh Nagar, Praveen Kumar, said that so far 50 bank accounts out of 130 have been sealed by the banks. A team has been deputed to estimate the cheating in these accounts. \"During the preliminary probe, we found major lacuna on part of bank officials. Soon, bank officials will also be arrested,\" Kumar added.During investigation it has unearthed that the gang had managed to open 52 accounts in HDFC, 11 in Axis bank, nine in IDBI bank, 37 in Kotak Mahindra bank and two in ICICI.Meanwhile, a police team has been sent to Dehradun to nab the key accused and the kingpin of the gang.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "14042409", "title": "NCP names nominees for 2013 assembly polls", "text": "SHILLONG: Gearing up for the 2013 assembly elections in Meghalaya, Opposition NCP on Monday released the second list of eight candidates, including those of Rajya Sabha MP Thomas A Sangma and Meghalaya deputy speaker Sanbor Shullai.Thomas will be contesting from Tura North constituency in West Garo Hills district while Shullai will be contesting from Shillong South, state party president W R Kharlukhi said. The other candidates include Clement Momin, who will take on chief minister Mukul Sangma from Ampati constituency in West Haro Hills district.Kharlukhi maintained that the third list would be out within a month and after receiving inputs from the party observers in the constituencies. The NCP leaders said the party is keen at contesting in all seats where there is a \"strong chance of winning\" factor.The party intends to put up candidates in all 24 assemble seats in Garo Hills region, once considered to the the stronghold of the NCP.In a house of 60, the NCP has 15 MLAs; 13 are elected from Garo Hills and 2 from the Khasi Jaintia Hills while one was suspended for indulging in \"anti-party\" activities.\"Unlike the Congress, our goal is to announce our candidates early and we will go to work early,\" Opposition Leader Conrad K Sangma said, even as he dared the Congress to announce the list of candidates early.The NCP had earlier released the list of 19 candidates which include that of Conrad who will be contesting from Selsella constituency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14052346", "title": "Punjabi actresses are turning back to Pollywood", "text": "It's a matter of reclaiming their roots. Having lent their talent to the Hindi film industry, actresses of Punjabi origin are now coming home, if not to roost but at least to pitch in with their significant contributions. As a host of glitzy names from Bollywood are flocking to Pollywood (an unofficial moniker for Punjabi film industry which is shared with the Peshawar film industry in Pakistan), expectations are rife about the region's industry having arrived at its kairotic moment, finally.Heralding this milestone is the current year 2012 when some Bollywood actresses have returned to Punjab to make a debut, including Gul Panag, Mahie Gill, Simran Kaur Mundi, Gracy Singh , Monica Bedi, besides Kulraj Randhawa who is also making her way here this year after a hiatus of few years, and Neeru Bajwa. The intelligent man's actress, as she's often referred to, Gul Panag is launching herself in not just her native tongue but has also assumed the responsibility of a creative producer with her first Punjabi film, 'Sarsa'. The story of a rebellious gang of youngsters set amidst a rural backdrop, Gul has pitched great plans for the Punjabi film industry through 'Sarsa'. \"I've been very keen to officially produce a film set in Punjab. In my opinion, the market of a Punjabi film is very lucrative, it's just that no one has really tapped into it that well. The Punjabis are a very aspirational community...and its time to do a Punjabi film that takes away the distinction of language,\" Gul cites her reasons for taking a Punjab turn. The former Miss India 2008, Simran Kaur Mundi's Punjabi debut came in after long deliberation. And one of the reasons for her consent was that the film, tentatively titled, 'Best Of Luck ' also marks the debut of acclaimed singer Jazzy B, besides starring Gippy Grewal, into Punjabi films. \"I am a proud jatti who was born in Mumbai, but my family hails from Mundian Jattian, Hoshiarpur, Punjab. I was waiting for that special project that has all the qualities to showcase not just a pretty face but also acting skills,\" says Simran who is one of the few actresses who confess to watching Punjabi films. \"I am an avid fan of Punjabi movies; they give me a sense of home and belonging and reflect our Punjabi culture...\" says Simran who forayed into Bollywood last year with ' Jo Hum Chahein '.For Mahie Gill it had always been about the right script. Now that she's accumulated ambitious reviews for her performances in Hindi, she had to chose her \"Punjabi debut carefully\" to maintain her standard. As 'Carry On Jatta ' readies for release, Mahie is riding high on hopes for her debut here. After a time of tasting success in B-Town, Kulraj is now also planning her next in Punjabi this year. Without divulging much right now, for someone who started out her acting career with Punjabi films, coming back to them is, \"like a second homecoming,\" she says. Neeru Bajwa, the NRI-turned-Indian actress, has been enjoying the run in acting since the time she debuted in both the industries. With ' Jatt and Juliet ', a hilarious comedy opposite Diljit Dosanjh, Neeru is trying the comic genre in Punjabi. And if that weren't enough Neeru is also set to", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14042686", "title": "Aasu, tribal body meet Assam governor over Teachers' Eligibility Test anomalies", "text": "GUWAHATI: Aasu leaders, along with representatives of All Assam Tribal Sangha, met governor J B Patnaik on Monday and submitted a memorandum to highlight the issue of alleged deprivation of posts meant for tribal candidates under the Teachers' Eligibility Test.Aasu and Sangha alleged that state government has made serious discrepancies while allotting posts meant for tribal candidates of their reserved posts. \"The governor told us he will speak to the government. We showed him the figures and told him about the gross irregularities and the discrimination meted out to tribal people,\" said Tapan Kumar Gogoi, general secretary, Aasu.On Sunday, both the organizations launched a tirade against the state government for its alleged discrimination in granting posts to tribal candidates. They claimed that posts meant for tribals were not filled up and general candidates, who had qualified, were given those positions.They also demanded that the state government should give the due share to tribal candidates through some special provisions and by conducting re-examination. \"The state government is violating norms enshrined in the Constitution. Some of the reserved posts were not filled up while others were de-reserved. We are not against qualified candidates nor we are asking for extra quota. But we want our due share which is enshrined in the Constitution,\" said Aditya Khaklary, general secretary of All Assam Tribal Sangha.Aasu adviser Samujjal Bhattacharjya said, \"If the interests of tribal people are not taken care of , then how can the state develop. Sidelining of tribal people must end. The state government must ensure appropriate steps and measures for the development of tribals.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14038815", "title": "CM Prithviraj Chavan hits the road to review Metro, Mono works", "text": "MUMBAI: Keen to push metro and monorail projects, CM Prithviraj Chavan will physically inspect sites on Tuesday where work on the two projects is currently in progress. has decided to hit the road himself.On Tuesday morning, the CM will physically inspect sites where works for the Monorail and the Metro rail are on.The first Monorail route, which will connect Chembur to Wadala, is scheduled to be commissioned in November this year.The first Metro line-Versova-Andheri-Ghatkopar corridor-was also originally expected to be completed by November. However, on account of certain procedural and technical hurdles, the deadline for completion has now been pushed back to March 2013.As per the schedule fixed on Monday, the CM is expected to begin his journey from the Monorail car depot in Sewree at 7.30 am.He is then expected to travel to Bhakti Park using the BPT road. After reviewing Monorail sites, Chavan would then leave from the Ghatkopar station to begin his Metro site visit. He is expected to travel along the Metro route from MG Road to Kurla Andheri Link Road, before reaching the MMRDA office at Bandra Kurla Complex.Unconfirmed reports suggested that Chavan might even opt to visit one of the site proposed for the carshed of the second Metro line (theCharkop-Bandra-Mankhurd corridor). Recently, while being interviewed by a news channel, NCP chief Sharad Pawar had targeted Chavan for \"not having enough field experience.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14035211", "title": "Nithyananda, Ranjitha get notice from HC", "text": "MADURAI: Even as the Karnataka government has cracked its whip on Nithyananda, the opposition for the self-styled godman's ascent in Madurai Adheenam, one of the oldest Hindu organisations in the world, continues unabated in Madurai.On a day when the whereabouts of Nithyananda was shrouded in mystery, the Madurai bench of the Madras high court has ordered notices to him on a petition filed by a Hindu outfit alleging that immoral and illegal activities were carried out in the mutt premises. Hindu Makkal Katchi's Madurai district president M Solaikannan alleged in the petition filed before the high court bench that women devotees of Nithyananda, including actor Ranjitha, were involved in objectionable acts in the name of meditation and prayers. The petitioner also contended that tiger skins and elephant tusks were found in the mutt premises in violation of Forest Act.Hearing the petition, Justice A Selvam ordered notices to the DGP, Madurai city commissioner of police, inspector of Vilakuthoon police station, Nithyananda, Ranjitha and another devotee Vaishnavi. The judge later posted the hearing for June 22.Meanwhile, senior pontiff of Madurai Adheenam, Arunagirinatha Desikar brushed aside the accusations made in the petition as well as allegations levelled against Nithyananda in Bangalore. \"Nithyananda has not gone into hiding. There is no need for that. He is very much in Bangalore,\" he told reporters in Madurai. \"The Bidadi ashram of Nithyananda is a private property. The government cannot take over it as is made out. The government cannot even interfere in the activities of the ashram. There is no room in law enabling the government to seize the properties of a religious institution,\" he said.But the senior pontiff appeared to be a futile attempt at pacifying the opponents of Nithyananda. Solaikannan, who was opposing the entry of Nithyananda into the Madurai mutt ever since he was anointed as the 293rd pontiff by Arunagirinatha Desikar in April this year, had stated in the petition that he himself witnessed the \"objectionable\" activities going on in the mutt on May 12.\"During my visit to the mutt, Nithyananda urged me to drop the protest against him. Later, he invited m e to the evening prayers where senior pontiff Arunagirinatha Desikar, was present. At the prayer hall in the mutt, I was offered 'holy water' by the devotees. Moments after drinking it I felt dizzy. Other devotees who drank the water were also in a similar state,\" Solaikannan claimed.He alleged that as many as 10 tiger skins were spread on the floor and elephant tusks were placed on it. He also charged that actor Ranjitha and another woman devotee resorted to objectionable dance movements. Solaikannan claimed that he lodged a complaint with Vilakuthoon police, but no action was taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14044774", "title": "Nashik police commissionerate to get its own address", "text": "NASHIK: Twenty-two years after it was formed, the Nashik police commissionerate is finally slated to get a place of its own along the Gangapur Road, where the Nashik taluka police station is currently located.According to officials, the taluka police station will soon be shifted opposite the Mela bus stand, near the city traffic branch along Sharanpur Road. Sources from the taluka police station said that within a week's time they would be shifting their office to the new location.The Nashik police commissionerate was formed in 1990 and an office was set up on a plot of land leased out by a Christian missionary. The lease period expired two years back, but with no place to shift the office, the commissionerate has been functioning at the same place without paying rent.While considerable time was spent looking for a new place for the commissionerate, it was finally decided to shift base to the taluka police station. Officials said that once the place is vacated, the work of constructing the commissioner's office can be taken up as early as possible. As of now, the tender processing for constructing the new office is underway.The new police commissioner's office will be set up on about 7,000 sq m and will have four floors. The construction time for the new office will be 18 months from the commencement of the work. Meanwhile, officials at the taluka police station will be vacating their office with a heavy heart, since this place has been a central point of policing for decades together.Police officials at the station said that had the police commissionerate got a different location for setting up the office, nine years hence the taluka police station would have celebrated 100 years of existence at the Gangapur Road location.While some policemen are unaware about the shift, others say that work has already begun on shifting things to the city traffic branch opposite the Mela bus stand, where vehicles parked illegally are brought by towing vans currently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14039112", "title": "Ashwin Naik's daughter filed bail application cleared", "text": "MUMBAI: Gangster Ashwin Naik's daughter filed an application for anticipatory bail application in a sessions court on Monday. The application comes following Naik's arrest in an extortion case registered against him at Dadar police station.Vrushika Naik (23) a Dentistry student filed the application after allegations were made that she collected Rs 50 lakh of the extortion money on behalf of her father. She however denied the allegations. The matter will be heard on Tuesday.A source said Naik had been allegedly threatening the Dadar complainant for long, after which the latter apprised the local police of the matter. The police did not take the issue seriously, so the complainant approached police commissioner Arup Patnaik for help. Patnaik asked the crime branch to investigate. After an initial enquiry, senior crime branch officers directed the Dadar police to register an extortion case against Naik on Wednesday. Vrushika who was summoned to the crime branch last week said that her name was not mentioned anywhere in the FIR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14035095", "title": "Hospital, shopping complex to come up in Maulana Azad National Institute of Technology", "text": "BHOPAL: In a year's time, Maulana Azad National Institute of Technology (MANIT) students and faculty won't have to step out of the campus to get treated for ailments, or, for that matter to buy stuff for their daily use. The technical institute will have 10-bed hospital and a shopping complex.MANIT director Dr Appu Kuttan said the proposal was discussed at a meeting of the institute. \"We have 650-acre campus where around 4,000 students live in boys and girls' hostel. There is a need for a hospital with good medical facilities,\" Dr Kuttan said. Besides students, there are around 600 faculties and almost an equal number of families staying on the campus, who need medical assistance, he added.We are planning to have a hospital with three or four doctors and other medical experts, Dr Kuttan said. \"I think 10-bed hospital is enough to take care of around 1,000 people staying on the campus,\" Kuttan said.\"We will construct hospital for our staff and students only. Outsiders will not be allowed to avail the facility,\" Kuttan added. MANIT has been providing medical facilities to students through a dispensary.When a dozen students had taken ill after jaundice broke out in one of its hostels, MANIT had to admit the affected students to different hospitals in the city.\"We have mostly hostellers on the campus. I have been trying my best to provide maximum facility to the staff and students on the campus. The proposal to construct shopping complex is a step in that direction,\" Kuttan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "14053309", "title": "China to send first woman in manned space mission in June", "text": "BEIJING: China may send its first woman into space this year after including two female astronauts in the team training for its first manned space docking.The shortlisted woman would be placed in the three-person team that will blast off in the Shenzhou-9 spacecraft, according to Xinhua.Chinese media described Major Liu Yang, from Henan, as a 'hero pilot' who achieved a successful emergency landing after a dramatic birdstrike incident spattered the windshield of her plane with blood.Meanwhile, her rival, Captain Wang Yaping, from Shandong, is said to have flown rescue missions during the Sichuan earthquake, The Guardian reports.Yaping also piloted a cloud-seeding plane to help clear the skies of rain for the Beijing Olympics in 2008.\"They are selected as members of the first batch of female astronauts in China because of their excellent flight skills and psychological quality,\" the state-run media report said.China will be the eighth country to see one of its female citizens go into space, and only the third to put one there itself.Valentina Tereshkova of the Soviet Union became the first woman to go into space in 1963.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14043103", "title": "Tech-savvy youth, aide held for duping car agency owners", "text": "KOLKATA: A young school dropout, fluent in English and tech savvy, and his aide were rounded up by police on charges of duping people. Apart from the objects that he had recently looted from the owners of an agency dealing in used cars, police also seized two pipe guns and 38 rounds of ammunition.Acting on a tip off, the South 24-Parganas police nabbed Sanjit Purkait, the mastermind behind the racket that duped used car dealers. has been busted by the South 24 Parganas, with the arrest of two members of the gang, including the mastermind, a young school drop out who is fluent in English and is also tech savvy. Police has recovered arms and ammunition and also part of the loot the gang has taken from a car dealer recently.Purkait had called up Santanu Chakraborty and Aniruddha Chakraborty - partners of Autoswift that deals in used cars - on June 5. Introducing himself as Rajiv Mehra from Gujarat, the youth told the victims that he wanted to buy a Scorpio that he had come across on the dealer's website. He said that he was not familiar with the places in Bengal and called the victims down to Bishnupur on the pretext that he was where he said he was camping there to set up a factory.The two took the Scorpio and travelled to Bishnupur. The gang then overpowered the duo and held them captive took the duo Once they reached there, the gang took them to a desolate place in Naraynagunj and held them captive. confined them there.They were let off after their families paid Rs 1 lakh as ransom. two were let off at midnight only after paying a ransom of Rs one lakh by the familyThe gang also snatched their mobile phones, wrist watches and a gold chain weighing 74gram and cash from the duo. On release, the victims lodged an FIR with Raidighi police on June 6.\"The mastermind Sanjit Purkait is tech Savvy and fluent in English. Along with the looted ornaments, two mobile phones and a cash of Rs 10,000, we also have recovered two pipe guns, 38 rounds of ammunition from the gang,\" said South 24 Parganas SP Praveen Tripathy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14040259", "title": "Sand mafia chase away reporters, UP cops yet to act", "text": "LUCKNOW: After regular reports of mining mafia ruling the roost in Madhya Pradesh, Haryana and Bundelkhand region, the menace now seems to be raising its ugly head in and around the city. In a shocking incident, journalists from half a dozen news channels and newspapers who had gone to cover illegal sand mining in Barabanki, 30 kilometres from Lucknow were assaulted, threatened and robbed of their equipments by a group of armed men and chased away from the site late on Saturday night.Ironically despite a written complaint containing all specifics related to the scene of crime and the identity of the accused being lodged with the Barabanki police hours after the incident, police are yet to question the accused.No action has been initiated till Monday evening. The victim journalists were now planning to stage a protest and submit a memorandum with the additional director general of police (ADG) Crime and Law &amp; Order Jag Mohan Yadav in case police fails to initiate action against the accused soon.Reports reaching Lucknow on Monday said following a tip-off from sources that illegal mining was underway in Tepisapah locality under Ram Nagar police station of Barabanki, a group of half a dozen journalists reached the site late evening on Saturday. The journalists reportedly found a JCB machine loading sand on two trucks and a tractor trolley in pitched darkness. As the journalists rolled their cameras, a man identifying himself as Kailash approached the group handing over his cell phone to a journalist stating that someone wanted to talk to them.When the journalist took the cell phone, a voice from the other side identified himself as Hari Nath Shukla, started threatening them. He cautioned the journalists to keep away from the site or else face the consequences. The caller allegedly claimed that the mining at the site is underway under due permits from the authorities concerned. When questioned that mining, even if under license, cannot be done after sunset and before sun rise as per the directives of the mining department, Shukla allegedly lost his cool and challenged the media persons to wait for a few minutes, as he was on his way to meet them.Sensing trouble, the journalists got back into their vehicles to leave the site and had travelled barely 100 metres from the site, where the mining was underway, they were intercepted by over a dozen armed men.One of them then confronted the media persons identifying himself as Hari Nath Shukla and threatened to \"teach a lesson\" to the journalists for daring to intervene in his work. When some of the journalists resisted the move, the accused allegedly manhandled them and snatched away the camera of news channel reporter. Grossly outnumbered by the miscreants, the media persons left the scene and lodged an FIR with the Ram Nagar police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14043758", "title": "Law graduates court a corporate career", "text": "KOCHI: Mergers and acquisitions, IPOs, joint ventures and LPOs - the lure of corporate India that's fuelling the country's growth story has become irresistible for the state's law graduates for whom practicing before the courts is not a viable economic proposition, at least during the initial phase.Many law students in the final semester in law colleges in the state have accepted jobs with corporate firms in Kerala or other states, wherein they drive transactions and advise clients on structuring deals. Others have joined corporations and PSUs as in-house legal counsel, advising their managements on legal audits, strategy and compliance. Very few of them are now joining the bar.\"This year, we have witnessed a new trend where majority of our students have opted to work in the corporate sector. Almost 75% of the final year students joined corporate firms. And only 25% opted to practice at the bar, not because they love the work but because they didn't get a good offer from the corporate sector. Even children of established lawyers prefer to work with corporate firms,\" said National University of Advanced Legal Studies vice-chancellor Dr N K Jayakumar.Dr V S Sebastian, head of the school of legal studies, Cochin University of Science and Technology, added, \"More than 50% of our final year law students have decided to work in the corporate sector as law officers. Few others have opted to work in Legal Process Outsourcing (LPO) firms.\"Explaining the trend, the law faculties pointed to the expanding corporate sector together with better salaries as reasons for law graduates opting to work for companies or firms. \"The starting salary in a LPO is anything between Rs 3 and 3.5 lakh and the hikes are very good. Also you don't have to wait for cases to come to you before you become financially independent,\" said Shijith Raj, who joined a LPO in Chennai after passing out of a government law college in the state. \"Good salary is an immediate attraction for bright law graduates who get an opportunity to work in the corporate sector\", said Mercy Thekkekara, principal, Government Law College, Thrissur.Noticing the trend, the Bar Council of Kerala has now proposed to give a decent stipend for freshers practicing at the bar.\"To attract young lawyers to the bar, we are proposing to pay a decent stipend for the initial two to three years. The field is highly competitive and patience and hard work are required before one can make a mark,\" said Bar Council of Kerala member advocate Santhosh Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14038303", "title": "Justice Bali to decide claims by violence-hit", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Former chief justice of Kerala high court, Justice (retd) V K Bali has been appointed as claims commissioner by Punjab government to decide claims by victims of large-scale violence witnessed in some parts of the state in 2009, in the wake of the death of a particular community leader, Sant Ramanand, in Vienna of Austria.Retired and sessions judge from Punjab, C R Goyal, has also been appointed as assessor-cum-registrar of the commission. A notification regarding the appointment of Bali and Goyal has been issued by the Punjab government.A formal communication regarding the constitution of the commission and its office bearers was provided by the state government on Monday before Punjab and Haryana high court, in response to a PIL filed on the issue. The commission would determine the perpetrators of violence and the amount of compensation, which should not be more than double the total loss suffered by the victim.The commission would also be at liberty to engage the services of some assessor for the loss, if required. It would work under the supervision of HC and can approach the court at any point of time for any assistance.The killing of Sant Ramanand in Austria on May 24, 2009 had triggered large scale violence in Jalandhar, Phaghwara, Hoshiarpur and some other towns of Punjab. Only after cognizance of the matter was taken by high court, the state police swung into action and started registering cases.The matter had reached the HC in December last year through a PIL filed by Phagwara branch of General Samaj Manch. The petitioner organization had sought directions for fixing responsibility of each and every official concerned in the administration for failure to anticipate such violence and punish the culprits.Punjab police had to face the wrath of high court for not taking any tangible action against those involved in the incidents. Even the state home secretary as well as DGP was summoned in person by the high court over their alleged failure in taking any action in the matter. Following HC intervention, 75 cases were registered, 57 persons were arrested, around 445 witnesses pertaining to the incident case were identified and statements of around 258 persons were recorded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14043918", "title": "Dacoits give first aid to victim before fleeing", "text": "BANGALORE:Sure they came to plunder, but they were humane too. Seven dacoits struck at a house behind Garden City College in Prashanthnagar, Bangalore Rural district, and had a free run for two hours. The gang fled with gold jewellery, electronic gadgets, a car and motorbike, but not before administering first aid to a bleeding victims in the wee hours of Monday.Magnanimous as they were, they applied antiseptic tincture on the wounds of the house owner's son who was bleeding profusely after being thrashed by the gang. The dacoits had apparently struck at the house, which is close to KR Puram, thinking the family owned a fortune.Syed Qamar Mehendi, 65, a retired Indian Army ministerial staff, has been staying in his residence in the locality for 10 months now. His sons, Syed Askari, 33 and Wasim Ahmed, 31, are with him. The trio woke up around 2.30am on Monday to sounds of someone trying to break open their main door with iron rods. On approaching the door, they were accosted by seven masked gangsters who had found their way into the house.\"They spoke Hindi with a Bihari accent. I think they could guage that I hailed from Bihar. When my sons resisted them, Askari was hit on his head with an iron rod. As he started bleeding, Wasim, too, confronted them and was beaten up. They threatened to kill us. I handed over Rs 10,000, 150 gms of gold jewellery and a laptop. They also snatched the keys of my Maruti Suzuki Wagon-R and motorbike that were parked in front of the house. Six of them drove away in the car, while the seventh man took away the bike,\" Mehendi told police.But before leaving, the gangsters attended to Askari, who had sustained head injuries. \"They offered him a towel to check the bleeding and told me and my other son to attend to him. They applied tincture on his wound and gave me bandaid to cover his wound. They left around 4.30am,\" Mehendi said.COPS HAVE CLUES Bangalore Rural district superintendent of police D Prakash said the house was located in an isolated area in the layout. \"We suspect some Bihari migrant labourers who knew about the family might have been involved. We have traced some fingerprints and other tell-tale clues from the scene of crime. We are screening Bihari migrants in the area,\" he told TOI. Police said the dacoits told Mehendi and his sons that they knew the family had plenty of money.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14035083", "title": "Trader robbed of Rs 14 lakh, lodges FIR after 5 days", "text": "BHOPAL: A twenty-one year old recovery agent and trader was looted of Rs 14 lakh while he was returning home from work at midnight on June 6, according to an FIR registered here on Monday. The three alleged looters were known to the complainant and the police are yet to arrest anyone.According to Koh-e-Fiza police, mobile trader Satish Kriplani alleged that he was stopped by three men - Raja Sindhi, Gandelal Mahji, Tarun Nathani - near Halalpur fire-cracker market who snatched his bag containing Rs 14.30 lakh in cash.A resident of Bairagarh, Kriplani was returning home from work in his car, when the incident took place. Police suggested that after failing to recover the money from the three accused, Kriplani filed an FIR on Monday.The police have registered a case under section 392 of the IPC and are investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14035514", "title": "Minister admits 100 acute encephalitis syndrome deaths in 15 days", "text": "PATNA: Bihar government on Monday finally identified the mystery disease, which has claimed lives of a hundred children in the state since its outbreak on May 27, as acute encephalitis syndrome (AES) caused by entero virus. The disease was formally identified on the day a central team reached Muzaffarpur on Monday.Addressing a press conference here, health minister Ashwini Kumar Choubey said, \"The disease no longer remains a mystery. It is AES and has been occurring in some areas for last several decades.\" He said the symptoms of the disease are different in Gaya and Muzaffarpur, the two most severely hit districts, as climate of the two places vary.Choubey stated the total deaths due to AES was 100 in the state, out of 260 children admitted to different hospitals. While at the Sri Krishna Medical College and Hospital (SKMCH), Muzaffarpur, 16 children died out of 46 admitted there, at Kejriwal Hospital, Muzaffarpur, 32 children out of the 93 admitted there died due to the disease. Similarly, at Patna Medical College and Hospital (PMCH), 42 deaths occurred out of 101 admissions, while at Anugrah Narayan Magadh Medical College and Hospital (ANMMCH), Gaya, 10 children died out of 20 admitted there, the minister said, adding 97 children are presently undergoing treatment at all these places.Taking a potshot at the opposition, he said during the RJD regime in 1995, 500 children had died due to the disease. He charged the RJD with misleading the people of the state on this issue.The minister said 90% of the children died as they were brought to the hospital in an advanced stage of the disease, and advised people to report to hospitals immediately after children develop symptoms of convulsion, unconsciousness and fever.Noted physician Dr S N Arya said there are several reasons of this disease and they vary from location to location. The causes include: Cerebral malaria, heat stroke, convulsion and unconsciousness. He also associated the disease with malnourishment, and lack of blood in the body and pure drinking water.Choubey said he would shortly meet Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad. Several times in the past, the Centre had been requested to provide vaccines for carrying out mass vaccinations in the state, but so far this demand has not been conceded, he said. The matter will be raised during my next meeting with Azad, he said, adding, \"We require 3 lakh doses of vaccines for Gaya immediately. We have also requested the Centre to open a virus laboratory in the state.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14038805", "title": "Decomposed body found in Paldi home", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Local residents found body of a man in decomposed condition on Monday evening from a residence in Paldi near National Institute of Design ( NID). Investigating Ellisbridge police officials suspect it to be a case of suicide and have sent the body for post-mortem to know the cause of death. The person was identified as Salim Husain.According to investigators, Shafa Qureshi, a tenant at Husain's house, raised an alarm on Monday evening after she sensed a foul smell emanating from ground floor of the duplex. So Qureshi called up Husain's brother. His relatives arrived on the spot and tried to open the door. But when it did not budge, they broke a window and were shocked to see Husain's body lying in bedroom. They called up the police control room.\"The body had already started decomposing. We believe that it might be at least three to four days since he died. His relatives told us that Husain owned a shop of hosiery at Pankornaka in walled city. His wife is principal at a school at Kaprada in Valsad district. We are yet to ascertain his cause of death as it has become difficult to see any marks on his body. We however believe it to be a case of suicide by consuming poison,\" said an Ellisbridge police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14052050", "title": "Devudu Chesina Manushulu Audio on June 22", "text": "The audio songs release of mass maharaja Ravi Teja's forthcoming film \" Devudu Chesina Manushulu\" has been pushed to June 22. Director Puri Jagannadh confirmed that the film's audio will be released on June 22 at a grand function in Shilpakala Vedika in Hyderabad.Music director Raghu Kunche exuded confidence that the songs have come out well and Sony Music has bagged the music rights of the film. \"Devudu Chesina Manushulu\" has Ileana playing the female lead and BVSN Prasad is producing the film along with Reliance Entertainment. The movie is slated for July release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14053218", "title": "Advani in Chennai tomorrow, to visit Kalpakkam", "text": "CHENNAI: Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) leader L K Advani MP will visit Chennai on Wednesday.According to police, Advani will arrive here by air at 7pm on Wednesday and stay at the Hotel Le Royal Meridian in Guindy. Advani, who is a member of the disaster management committee and a team of parliamentary committee is planning to visit Kalpakkam on Thursday and visit Chennai Petroleum Corporation Limited and Chennai Port on Friday.Meanwhile, police and the Chennai Port officials are conducting a special meeting on Tuesday evening to discuss about the security arrangements during Advani's visit to Chennai port.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14035715", "title": "Dacoity plan foiled, 10 held", "text": "HYDERABAD: Task Force sleuths foiled a conspiracy to loot a realtor's residence on Monday and arrested 10 persons. Police nabbed Sriram Srinivas of Nalgonda, J Naresh of Ramanthapur, G Satish of Parsigutta, T Rajesh of Miryalguda, P V Prasad of Achampet, T Suresh of Guntur, Dharmender and L Sai Krishna from Amberpet and Shaik Sha Vali and K Nalla Reddy from Kurnool.It was learnt that the gang was planning a dacoity at realtor Sudarshan Goud's house in Nacharam. The conspiracy was hatched by cab-driver Naresh who knew that Goud used to keep a lot of cash and jewellery at home.Naresh approached his friends Bhaskar and Srinivas in order to carry out the plan. Through these associates, others were roped in and the gang worked out the dacoity plan by assigning specific tasks to each member of the group.After conducting a recce about 10 days back, they tried to put the plan in motion but then had to back off as too many people were present at the target's house.Acting on a specific alert, Task Force sleuths nabbed them from Ali Cafe crossroads in Amberpet on Monday. Police seized an Indica car, two bikes, two daggers, chloroform and 10 cellphones from them who have been handed over to Amberpet police for further investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14035454", "title": "Woman commits suicide in Indore", "text": "INDORE: A 22-year-old woman reportedly committed suicide by consuming some poisonous substance in Tukoganj area in the wee hours of Monday. The deceased has been identified as Khushbu wife of Lokendra Singh Gehlot. She was the resident of Dhar district. The victim had reportedly consumed poison at her house late on Sunday night. She was rushed to Gokuldas hospital, where she died while undergoing treatment. Police did not find any suicide note and the reason behind taking extreme step is not known.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14036540", "title": "Gujarat farmer carrying bullets in baggage held", "text": "HYDERABAD: The RGI Airport police arrested a farmer from Gujarat for trying to board a flight with 10 bullets in his cabin baggage on Monday.Harshi Bhai, 52, a farmer from Gujarat, was nabbed by CISF personnel at the baggage screening point when they noticed 10 live rounds of 6.35 mm single bore weapon in his cabin luggage, RGI Airport inspector D Durga Prasad said. Harshi was trying to board an Ahmedabad-bound Spice Jet flight. He had come to the city from Coimbatore.Harshi was handed over to the local police for questioning. During interrogation, Harshi told police that he has a weapon licence in Gujarat and had accidentally placed the bullets in his bag's pouch. Police booked a case under the Arms Act against Harshi and arrested him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14044434", "title": "Deepak Kasar appointed administrator of Education Committee", "text": "NASHIK: The education committee of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) was dissolved on Monday.With the code of conduct for the teachers' constituency MLC election of a member for legislative council from the Teachers' Constituency in force till the first week of July, the NMC's deputy commissioner Deepak Kasar has been appointed as the administrator of the education committee.Kasar will head the body till the education committee elections are held, after the code of conduct is lifted.\"The new body will be formed only after 2-3 months. Till then the administrative head will be in charge of the body,\" said education officerof the education committee, Nitin Upasani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "aizawal", "code": "14042660", "title": "Mizoram Presbyterian church snaps US ties over gay stand", "text": "AIZAWAL: The Presbyterian Church of Mizoram, the largest church denomination in the Christian-dominated state, has decided to snap ties with the Presbyterian Church of the United States of America due to a conflict on the issue of homosexuality. A meeting of the Synod Executive Committee (SEC), the second-highest decision-making body of the Presbyterian Church, made the decision on Friday after the Presbyterian Church of USA allowed ordination of gays as priests.D P Biakkhuma, a church elder and secretary of the SEC, told TOI on Monday that the two Presbyterian churches have maintained cordial relations for more than a decade, but the Mizoram chapter was compelled to sever ties due to differences on one basic doctrine. \"We, the members of Presbyterian Church of Mizoram, cannot accept ordination of homosexual people as pastors and regard homosexuality as against the teachings of the Bible and Christianity,\" he said. He added that the priest and other church employees posted in New Delhi to maintain links with the US chapter would be withdrawn forthwith.Rev H Remthanga, former moderator (head) of the Mizoram Presbyterian Church Synod and the first pastor appointed by the SEC to coordinate with the Presbyterian Church of the USA, said there communication has never been a problem between the two chapters. \"Except for the Presbyterian Church of the USA, joining liberal concepts of other denominations in the West, agreeing to ordain gay priests, we maintained a cordial relationship,\" Rev. Remthanga, who was posted in New Delhi to coordinate with the USA counterpart since 2001, said.Meanwhile, the SEC also issued a creed that homosexual relationship is against Christianity and the beliefs of the church as also having sex before marriage and extramarital sex. Amending the creed on punishment for homosexuality, the church, now excommunicates people with the same sex living together as long as they live together. Earlier, the suspension of the members who live in such kind of sin used to be for three years. The SEC also clarified that sex, in accordance with the will of God and the teachings of Christianity, must only be between man and woman after marriage. \"It is against nature and God's will that people of the same sex should indulge in sexual intercourse before marriage or outside marriage,\" the SEC minutes said.\"The Presbyterian Church (USA) openly ordains homosexual ministers and officiates same-sex weddings. We are in disagreement over such decisions that have serious practical ramifications. We hence have decided to end our partnership with them,\" said Rev Malsawmtluanga, a member of the Mizoram Synod Executive Committee.The Mizoram Synod began its partnership with the USA church - the leading Protestant Christian denomination with over 2.3 million members - in 1999. The Presbyterian Church of the USA is the latest of several denominations after the United Church of Christ , the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America and The Episcopal Church, to drop the ban on gay clergy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14035996", "title": "India exempted from Iran oil sanctions following compliance", "text": "WASHINGTON: India will enter the 3rd round of its strategic dialogue with the United States this week with the shadow of Iran-related sanctions off its back. The Obama administration on Monday announced exempting India, South Korea, and five other countries from Iran oil sanctions.Word of the sanctions relief came even as human resources development minister Kapil Sibal and his team is scheduled to begin a high education dialogue with secretary of state Hillary Clinton and her team on Tuesday, followed by the formal strategic dialogue on Wednesday. The possibility of sanctions, although remote, hung over the engagements.Clinton herself announced the exemptions even as Indian cabinet ministers and high officials trooped into Washington. \"Today I have made the determination that seven economies \u2014 India, Malaysia , Republic of Korea, South Africa , Sri Lanka , Turkey and Taiwan--have all significantly reduced their volume of crude oil purchases from Iran. They join the 11 countries for which I made this determination in March. As a result, I will report to the Congress that sanctions pursuant to Section 1245(d)(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 will not apply to their financial institutions for a potentially renewable period of 180 days,\" she said in a statement.The Obama administration has apparently been persuaded by New Delhi's efforts to scale down oil imports from Iran. Indian officials say Iran has been relegated as the third largest supplier of crude oil, down to only about 10 percent of the total imports from over 12 percent previously. It is expected come further down to 7-8 per cent in 2012-13.The seven new exemptions, including for India, follows a similar action in March when the US announced that 11 countries, including 10 European states and Japan, would be excepted from financial sanctions due to their crude imports cut from Iran. More pertinently, it removes the bogey of sanctions over US-India engagement and gives one less stick to the anti-India constituency in Washington -- including a strong pro-Israel lobby unable or unwilling to comprehend India's ties with Iran and always on the lookout for alleged Indian infractions vis-a-vis Teheran -- to beat New Delhi with.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "14036526", "title": "Pre-monsoon showers lash Wardha", "text": "WARDHA: The residents of Wardha got respite from a long and sizzling summer as pre-monsoon showers lashed the city on Monday afternoon. The rains brought down the temperature considerably. This summer Wardha and nearby places have been boiling with the mercury soaring to as high as 47 degree Celsius. By Monday, the scene changed completely as it rained for almost half-an-hour in the afternoon and around one hour in the evening.In fact, ever since the temperature surpassed 43 degrees Celsius mark the Wardhaites have been waiting with bated breath for the showers. On Monday theirs as well as the farmers' wish was fulfilled as rains came down pouring.The farmers of Wardha district depend a lot on rains to kick-start their kharif operations. Hence, the Monday rains brought smile on the faces of the farmers who wish to sow mixed crops like soyabean, cotton, tur dal etc.While the farmers enjoyed the rains, many in the town were caught unawares as they had stepped out without umbrellas or raincoats. Still they enjoyed the rains as much as the farmers did.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14036990", "title": "22 sonography centres sealed in Maharashtra after complaints to helpline, online portal", "text": "PUNE: People have begun calling the state's toll-free helpline number and visiting the online portal to register complaints of sex determination tests being carried out in the state. Vigilant citizens have helped authorities seal 22 erring sonography centres since these anonymous complaint registration facilities started.\"Since the beginning of June, the toll-free helpline as well the online portal have started receiving complaints in a large numbers. Those received between June 1 and June 10 not only pertain to sex-determination tests but also to illegal abortions being carried out by some hospitals and doctors in different parts of the state,\" said officials of state PCPNDT cell who monitor the helpline and the portal.The cases of female foeticides in Beed and surrounding areas and the public outrage appears to be the reason for such a huge response, the officials said.Since June 1, the officials received 29 complaints on the toll-free helpline number (18002334475 ) and 13 complaints on the online portal (website www.amchilmulgi.in) where vigilant citizens have reported cases of sex determination being carried out by doctors in a clandestine manner as well as illegal abortions in their areas.\"The complaints are mainly from Beed, Nashik, Jalgaon, Aurangabad and Nanded,\" the officials said.Ever since the helpline became functional last July, it has received 212 complaints. Among them, 180 complaints have been investigated and probes in 31 cases are on. Similarly, the online portal which became functional from August 3, 2011 has received 232 complaints. Among them 97 have been investigated by the appropriate authorities and a probe in 108 cases is currently on. \"With the assistance of helpline calls, we could seal 11 sonography machines, so far. The machines sealed are from Jalgaon (5) and one each was sealed from Satara, Beed, Nashik, Washim, Nanded and Kolhapur,\" the officials saidWith the support of complaints made on the online portal, the authorities concerned could seal 11 sonography machines. The machines sealed are from Pune (1), Jalgaon (3), Nashik (2), Beed (2), Ahmednagar (1), Satara (1) and Buldhana (1), the official added", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14043986", "title": "Advocates Association of Bangalore calls for boycott of CJ\u2019s court today", "text": "BANGALORE: The discontent in the legal fraternity over the call by Advocates Association of Bangalore (AAB) to boycott the court hall of the chief justice of Karnataka high court (Court hall-1) on Tuesday has come into the open.The Karnataka State Bar Council has condemned the decision saying it is against \"professional ethics\" and asked AAB to drop it. Late in the night, AAB said it will go ahead with its \"peaceful\" boycott. Several senior counsel and advocates, including former advocate-generals BV Acharya and Udaya Holla, AG Holla and Jayakumar S Patil, have written to the HC registrar-general seeking arrangements to facilitate their entry/exit on the protest day as they fear they will be prevented from entering the court hall.On Thursday, about 190 advocates in a signed letter to AAB said that in principle they were not in agreement with the resolution passed by the association to boycott the proceedings of any court, including that of the Chief Justice, and had requested for withdrawal of the call.AAB in its June 6 resolution had called upon its members to boycott the CJ' s court hall-1 for what it called \"failure\" to take steps in the backdrop of attack on advocates by police and media on March 2 at city civil court complex.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14040431", "title": "Heatwave deprives Lucknow of June showers", "text": "LUCKNOW: Even as heatwave conditions intensified in the state on Monday with mercury hovering 5-7 degrees above normal in several districts including Lucknow, it is now also turning out to be the longest dry and hot weather spell in Lucknow, at least in last one decade. No relief is likely in near future, as possibilities of thunder storm are low. The maximum temperature in the state capital is expected to be around 43 degrees Celsius on Tuesday.The summer season lasts in Lucknow from April to mid June. The normal date of arrival of monsoon is June 18. Normally, the heatwave in May and June is broken at brief interval of 8-10 days by thunder storms due to western disturbances and cyclonic circulations. But this year, the city did not receive any rains in the entire month of May and in June so far. According to Met department, 4-5 thunder storms should normally hit the city in May and 3-4 in June before monsoon arrival. The normal rainfall for the month of May is 16.5 mm, but this year it was negligible. In 2011, Lucknow received 27.5 mm rain in May, in 2010 the figure was 37.4 mm Celsius and in 2009 it was 10.6 mm. The wettest May in last 10 years was in2007 when total rains were 66.1 mm.Monday was also one of the hottest days in Lucknow with maximum temperature touching 44.2 degrees Celsius, five degrees above normal. Last year, the hottest day in summer was May 15 with maximum temperature 43.1 degrees Celsius. This year, barring a couple of cloudy days in last one-and-half-months, the maximum temperature has remained above 40 degrees Celsius. And, in last 15 days, temperature during the day time has been above 42 degrees Celsius. The hottest day this summer so far was May 30 when the maximum temperature touched 44.7 degrees Celsius. The maximum temperature on May 25 was 44.5 degrees Celsius, on May 29 it was 44.3 degrees Celsius. On June 2, mercury touched 44 .3 degrees Celsius, while on May 31, the maximum temperature recorded was 44.1 degrees Celsius.Similar weather conditions have also been reported form other parts of the state. Allahabad has been the hottest place in UP this summer so far. On Monday also, Allahabad was hottest with 46.2 degrees Celsius followed by Varanasi with 45.8 degrees Celsius, while mercury touched 45.6 in Banda. Sultanpur and Kanpur recorded a high of 44.8 degrees Celsius each, while in Rae Bareli maximum temperature was 44.6 degrees Celsius. The daytime temperature in Hamirpur was 44.2 degrees Celsius. Ballia, Basti, Bahraich and Sonbhadra recorded a high of 44 degrees Celsius each. These maximum temperatures were 5-7 degrees above normal. Dry hot winds added to the discomfort. The rainfall in these districts has also been negligible. In fact, the total rainfall in the state has been 88% below normal so far.Under such circumstances, the arrival of monsoon is the hope for relief. However, after entering the country, the monsoon currents are static since June 6. The monsoon line passes through Harnai, Satara, Belgaum, Agumbe, Medikeri, Kodaikanal and Gangtok.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14049171", "title": "Voting for Andhra bypolls begin", "text": "HYDERABAD: Polling on Tuesday began in the crucial by-elections to the 18 assembly segments and one Lok Sabha constituency in Andhra Pradesh , results of which are expected to give a new direction to the state politics.Though the by-elections are not expected to lead to the fall of the Kiran Kumar Reddy government, a \"wave\" is expected in favour of Jaganmohan Reddy-led YSR Congress notwithstanding his arrest in the disproportionate assets case and corruption allegations against him.As many as 46,13,589 voters including 22,79,732 men and 23,33,844 women electors and 13 others, would exercise their franchise at 5,413 polling stations set up in the Nellore Lok Sabha constituency and 18 assembly segments, spread over 12 districts in the state.According to State Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) Bhanwar Lal, about 50,000 polling personnel including 138 companies of Central Armed Police Force (CAPF) have been deployed for the conduct of elections. Webcasting of polling process is also being done.With the state recording 100 per cent distribution of photo identity cards, the Election Commission has insisted that voters should produce their photo identity card or the authenticated voter slips distributed by the poll officials for establishing their identity before casting their votes.The 18 assembly constituencies where bypolls are underway are: Parkal, Narsannapeta, Payakaraopet, Ramachandrapuram, Narasapuram, Polavaram (ST), Prathipadu (SC), Macherla, Ongole, Udayagiri, Rajampet, Kodur (SC), Rayachoty, Allagadda, Yemmiganur, Rayadurg, Anantapur Urban and Tirupati.The counting of votes will be done on June 15 from 8 AM. Bypolls were necessitated in 16 of the 18 assembly seats as the sitting Congress MLAs were disqualified by Assembly Speaker for switching loyalty to Kadapa MP Y S Jagan Mohan Reddy and voting against the Congress government during a no-trust vote in December.The sitting MLA quit in support of Jagan in one constituency, while actor-turned-politician Chiranjeevi resigned as MLA following his election to Rajya Sabha which caused bypoll in another seat.The sitting Congress member quit in support of Jagan which necessitated bypoll in the Nellore Lok Sabha constituency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14036366", "title": "No quota in promotions for disabled: Madras HC", "text": "CHENNAI: Disabled candidates, who are entitled to 3% reservation in jobs, can't seek extension of the benefit to promotions as well, the Madras high court has said.Dismissing a writ petition seeking reservation of 3% of vacancies in promotions for disabled persons, Justice K Chandru said: \"Even under the provisions of the Persons with Disabilities (equal opportunities, protection or rights and full participation) Act, 1995, reservation can be made only after identification of posts. Those provisions are contemplated only for initial appointment and not for promotions.\"The petition, filed by South Arcot Vallalar District Handicapped Welfare Association represented by its president S Shanmugam and secretary K Duraisamy, sought a suitable direction to the state government to reserve 3% of vacancies in promotions for the disabled, besides carrying over the unfilled posts for the next three successive years.The state commissioner for the disabled submitted that there was no government policy to reserve 3% of the posts for the disabled employees while granting promotions. Admitting that following an August 14, 1981 order, 3% of jobs are reserved for the disabled, the official said the plea to have a quota in promotion could not be considered in the absence of a state policy. Citing this response, Justice Chandru dismissed the writ petition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14039118", "title": "Ramlila violence: 11 Ramdev men chargesheeted", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after indicting six police officers for using force in their own capacity during last year's lathicharge at Ramlila Maidan, Delhi police has filed a separate chargesheet against 11 supporters of Baba Ramdev. The yoga guru, however, was earlier given a clean chit by Delhi Police.Taking cognizance of the chargesheet, metropolitan magistrate Anil Kumar issued summons to the 11 accused. \"I have gone through the complaint as well as the chargesheet. All the accused have been summoned on July 7\". The men have been chargesheeted under sections of rioting, causing mischief and deterring public servants from carrying out their duties. Of the 11, 10 had been arrested on June 6 last year.There were three categories of people present at the Maidan that night, some who disobeyed Section 144, some who shouted slogans and others who indulged in violence, said police. Apart from Ramdev, other religious leaders who were present on dais like Sadhvi Ritambara have also been given a clean chit.In its 500-page chargesheet, Delhi Police has incorporated statements of over 100 witnesses and footage from news channels and CCTV cameras. The accused can be seen taking the law in their own hands, said sources. However, there are many others visible in the footage who cannot be identified. Baba Ramdev's Patanjali Yogpeeth has not cooperated in identifying these people, said cops.In its FIR last year, Delhi Police had alleged that Ramdev was granted permission for holding a Yoga camp in Ramlila Maidan for 4,000-5,000 people but by the evening of June 4, over 25,000 people gathered at the venue.In the chargesheet filed against the police officers, Delhi Police stated that the cops were responsible for their act. The six policemen allegedly lathicharged Ramdev's supporters when they were being evicted from the Maidan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14035086", "title": "BEML chief suspended for fair probe", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government on Monday suspended BEML chairman and managing director V R S Natarajan in what looks like a prelude to the defence PSU chief being formally prosecuted by CBI for alleged financial irregularities in the Tatra trucks, armoured recovery vehicles and other cases.\"The defence ministry's decision to suspend Natarajan came after a recommendation by CBI last week that he should be kept away from the post to ensure fair investigation. The charge of BEML has been given to its senior-most functional director P Dwarkanath,\" said an official.The CBI had sought the \"dismissal\" of Natarajan, who has been the chief of Bharat Earth Movers Ltd (BEML) for over a decade now, because he was allegedly \"influencing witnesses\" by \"briefing and de-briefing\" every BEML official being called for questioning by the investigating agency over the last few weeks, said sources.Already armed with government sanction under Section 6A of the Delhi Special Police Establishment Act, which is required to initiate a preliminary enquiry or chargesheet any officer above the rank of a joint secretary, the agency may now even arrest the suspended chief of the mini-ratna defence PSU.\"There is prima facie evidence to show Natarajan had a role to play in the irregularities in the procurement of Tatra trucks for the Army. All the dealings during his long tenure will now be probed. He can be arrested if there is enough material evidence against him,\" said a source.But an unfazed Natarajan told reporters in Bangalore that he would be proven innocent in all the allegations being hurled at him. \"I respect the decision of the government. I will come out clean in the case,\" he said.Natarajan had come under the scanner after defence minister A K Antony on February 21 accorded sanction for the investigation into the functioning of BEML, following several allegations of financial irregularities and fudging of accounts in the defence PSU with an annual turnover of over Rs 3,700 crore, as was then reported by TOI.The CBI is also conducting the \"comprehensive inquiry\" into the Rs 14-crore bribe offered to the previous Army chief Gen V K Singh allegedly by retired Defence Intelligence Agency chief Lt-Gen Tejinder Singh in September, 2010, to clear another tranche of 600 \"sub-standard\" and overpriced Tatra trucks supplied by BEML in collaboration with Tatra Sipox, UK.Over the last 26 years, the armed forces have inducted over 7,000 Tatra all-terrain trucks through a BEML tie-up first with Czech firm Omnipol and then Tatra Sipox, UK.The CBI is also probing BEML's supply of armoured recovery vehicles (model WZT-3) in collaboration with Polish firm Bumar, and other equipment to the Army on virtually the same terms as the Tatra-Vectra trucks.Apart from selling the heavy-duty vehicles to the Army at rates double their market value, BEML is also facing the heat for deliberating going slow on indigenizing the specialized equipment and spare-parts despite technology transfers being included in the various contracts that were inked for both the Tatra trucks and the armoured recovery vehicles.The CBI has established there was enough indigenous technical knowhow by 2002-03 to manufacture spare-parts for the Tatra trucks despite this being repeatedly contested by Natarajan during his questioning.\"Our records show there was enough technical expertise to manufacture the spare-parts but most of them were being imported at high prices,\" said a source. Besides, Natarajan inked a fresh contract in 2002 for the Tatra trucks despite the fact that the previous contract inked in 1997 was valid for 10 years.Now, the CBI is awaiting the inspection reports and other records of the Directorate General of Quality Assurance (DGQA) to ascertain whether there were adverse remarks on the quality of the Tatra trucks and the role played by BEML in the entire episode.CPI (M) general secretary Prakash Karat said there was sufficient material available to show that the Tatra trucks deal was done in a fashion that it required investigation. \"Natarajan as BEML chief has a role and responsibility. It is good that the defence ministry has decided to suspend him,\" he told reporters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14037908", "title": "Highest Goan rank at All India Engineering Entrance Examination is 192 this year", "text": "PANAJI: The highest rank secured by a Goan this year at the All India Engineering Entrance Examination (AIEEE) was 192 by Curchorem resident Goutam Bhat. It is the third highest rank secured ever by a Goan-the highest so far being 11 th in 2010 by Saish Kapdi.Ten Goans secured a rank at the AIEEE this year, which determines entry into the various National Institutes of Technology (NIT) across the country, including the one in Goa. The ranks are also considered for admissions to engineering courses in deemed universities in the country.Eight students from Goa have secured a rank within the first 10,000 in the country at the AIEEE. The students who have secured ranks at the AIEEE include Gautam Bhat (192), Pratik Panchal (903), Praharsh Pai Raikar (3,390), Neha da Rocha (4,795), Ashray Adappa (5,195), Dev Pinto (5,550), Nidhi Angle (7,158), Amruta Pai (8,382), Elita Lobo (11,226) and Tanya Nadkarni (11,386).\"In the year 2003, the state topper secured a rank beyond 30,000 range. If we compare those results to that of this year, there has been a drastic improvement in the ranks,\" said Vyankatesh Prabhudesai of Aryan Study Circle, who has coached all the 10 students who qualified from Goa at the AIEEE.Goutam, a student of Damodar HSS, Margao, wants to either pursue electrical or mechanical engineering. Goutam and the second highest ranker from Goa at AIEEE, Pratik, have also both topped the Goa Common Entrance Test and the national examination to get into the Indian Institutes of Technology (IIT).While Goutam had secured rank 124 at the IITJEE, Panaji resident Pratik had bagged the 233rd rank. At the Goa Common Entrance Test, Goutam had emerged the top engineering candidate from Goa, while Pratik was placed second.Goutam is the son of geologist Manjunath and homemaker Anasooya Bhat. Pratik's father Piyush is a mining engineer and mother Manisha Panchal is a teacher.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14038605", "title": "Labour union leaders oppose abolition of octroi in Maharashtra", "text": "PUNE: The one-day convention of union leaders of local self-governments on Sunday opposed the plan to abolish octroi in municipal corporations and councils across the state. The union leaders said octroi is one of the major sources of income for the local self-government bodies, and they would be paralyzed if octroi is abolished. If this is done, such administrative bodies would be dependent on the state government for funds, and this would defeat the purpose of decentralisation. The state has already abolished octroi in municipal councils.The day-long convention was organised by the Pune Mahanagarpalika Employees' Union at Balgandharva Rangmandir.Senior union leader from Mumbai Sharad Rao said, \"The government itself has come up with plans for decentralisation. If octroi is abolished, it would lead to complete dependency over the state government. If it happens, the local bodies would not be able to function independently. Octroi should be continued, as it is a major source of income.\"The current procedure of octroi collection is that industries pay a certain amount to a particular local self- governing body for movement of goods. The revenue generated through octroi is completely owned by the municipal council or corporation and it is their right to utilise it as per their plans. No local self-governing body wants to lose such power.Despite the government's decision to abolish octroi, collection of octroi is still on in the state mainly because of unavailability of alternate source for income. The value added tax, exercised currently, is not favoured by the local self-governing bodies mainly because it first goes to state and Union governments.Rao said, \"There is a proposal being discussed at the national level that there will be further decentralisation of various departments in municipal councils and corporations, which would ultimately weaken the powers of local self-governing bodies. Another factor behind octroi abolition is opposition of certain big industries to octroi. The companies do not want to pay octroi, that's why the decisions of the government are influenced.\"Mukta Manohar, another union leader, said, \"The state is growing and speedily getting urbanised. To facilitate the growth and meet the demands of growing population in urban localities, the local self-governing bodies need sufficient funds at their disposal.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14037364", "title": "Pune police recover bodies of two lecturers", "text": "PUNE: The Shrivardhan police on Monday found the bodies of two lecturers, who drowned in the sea along with their colleague at Harihareshwar in Raigad district, around 200 kms from here on Sunday morning.The body of Kushal Satale (25) of Lonavla was found at Shrivardhan on Monday morning, while Shweta Watane's body was washed ashore at Bodhali village around 17 km from Shirvardhan on Monday evening.Ten lecturers, five of them women from Yashaswi Institute of Technology at Chinchwad, had gone to Harihareshwar for a picnic. Early on Sunday morning Satale, Watane and their colleague Nikhil Kale (24) had entered the sea for swimming. As it was low tide the current pulled them into the sea and swept them away.Kale's body was found on Sunday afternoon. The Shrivardhan police launched a massive search operation to trace Watane and Satale. \"We found Satale's body on Monday afternoon. The body was handed over to his relatives after the postmortem,\" inspector of the Shrivardhan police station R G Raskar said.Raskar said that Watane's body was washed ashore at Bodhali village in the evening. \"Watane's relatives ascertained her identity. We will hand over her body after the postmortem,\" Raskar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14037673", "title": "Over 9,000 seek copies of HSC answersheets in Maharashtra", "text": "PUNE: As many as 9,753 students from across the state have moved applications through the Right to Information Act, 2005 seeking photocopies of their answersheets for the higher secondary certificate (HSC, Class XII) March 2012 examination.This includes 1,439 applications from Pune division, which covers Pune, Ahmednagar and Solapur districts while the Mumbai division has the maximum number of 5,055 pleas, a senior official from the Maharashtra state board for secondary and higher secondary education said on Monday.The state education board had declared the HSC results on May 25. The exam was conducted from February 21 to March 31. As per Supreme Court directives, the board has started offering photocopies of the answer sheets to students approaching for the same under the RTI provisions. The exercise is aimed at ensuring greater transparency in the paper-evaluation exercise.The official said, the newly carved out Konkan division accounts for least number of 75 applications, while Aurangabad division has received 686 pleas. Nagpur division has received 564 applications while Amravati division has got 666 pleas. Another 436 applications were made to the Kolhapur division while Nashik and Latur division have received 370 and 451 applications, respectively, he said.\"The state board will scrutinize each of these applications before forwarding the photocopies of the answer sheets to the applicants within the days prescribed by the RTI Act,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "los angeles", "code": "14040126", "title": "Ex-Indian Army officer\u2019s son critical, probe begins", "text": "LOS ANGELES: The 17-year-old son of a former Indian Army officer, the lone survivor of his father's killing spree that wiped out the rest of his family, was battling for life, even as investigators were trying to determine a motive for the shocking murder-suicide.The teenager, identified as Chris Singh, underwent surgery at a Fresno hospital for head trauma after he was shot by his father on Saturday, local newspaper Fresnobee reported. Doctors have said his injuries were lifethreatening, without giving further details.Spokeswoman of the Community Regional Medical Center, Mary Lisa Russell said that the boy was in critical condition. Fresno county sheriff Margaret Mims said Avtar Singh, a former Indian army major who owned a Selma trucking company, apparently shot and killed his wife and two other sons, ages 15 and 5, before killing himself. While two children and their mother were found dead along with Singh, the eldest child was in a gravely injured state.Authorities have not yet officially released the names of Singh's wife or the two sons who were killed. According to Fresnobee, Singh was arrested in February last year after his wife accused him of trying to choke her. That is when police discovered that Singh was wanted in India on a murder charge in the 1996.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "pudukkottai", "code": "14035241", "title": "Ex-allies sulk, AIADMK eyes big margin", "text": "Pudukkottai: The Pudukkottai assembly constituency, which goes for the bypoll on Tuesday, presents strange political ramifications. It is an election where friends have turned foes all of a sudden, while leading political parties like the DMK and Congress have refrained from putting up candidates.In other words, during the Trichy West byelection, necessitated by the death of Mariam Pitchai, the DMDK did not contest citing coalition dharma. This time around, the AIADMK has violated the coalition dharma by contesting the seat, which was vacated by its ally CPI.But the big question that remains in everyone's mind is who will the members of DMK, Congress and MDMK vote for? Or would they exercise the 49(0) option?\"We already passed a resolution at the district-level to boycott the election and we conveyed our decision to our party chief. However, we do not compel our cadres to refrain from casting their votes as it may have a negative impact on us in the next elections. But we are sure that the top level functionaries of the party in the district would not cast their votes,\" said DMK district secretary Periyannan Arassu, who lost to CPI's S P Muthukumar during the 2011 assembly elections.Arassu was defeated by a least margin of 3,101 by Muthukumar who polled 65,466 votes. During that time around, the DMDK and the CPI were in alliance with the AIADMK.\"The high command of the Tamil Nadu Congress Committee never intervened in the rights of our cadres to exercise their franchise. We would also not opt for 49(O). But it is clear that money will decide the winner in the byelection as the AIADMK bribed the voters across the constituency,\" claimed T Pushparajan, Pudukkottai district secretary of the Congress.Another Congress person A R Mohammed Meeran, former councillor of Pudukkottai municipality said, \"As our party high command has remained silent, caste factor may work out in the elections. On the other hand, the AIADMK men greased the palms of the voters almost with Rs 1000 per vote. So, the money also would matter.\" He also accused Jayalalithaa for violating the coalition dharma by fielding her own party candidate.MDMK district secretary K Chandrasekaran charged that \"The election commission has lost integrity due to its one-sided attitude of supporting the AIADMK, which has bribed the voters. But we will not prevent our voters from exercising their votes.\"Meanwhile, the CPI on Monday said that the party was highly disappointed over the decision of the AIADMK, which unilaterally fielded its party candidate in the byelection necessitated by the death of Muthukumar.Kasi Vidhuthalai Kumar, the executive committee member of CPI in Pudukkottai district, said, \"We are not supporting any party in the byelection. The AIADMK did not even bother to discuss to choose the candidate. It will be another byelection that follows the Tirumangalam cash-for-vote formula.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14038831", "title": "Revenue staff demand police cover", "text": "PUNE: The Pune District Revenue Employee Kotwal Federation has demanded a CBI probe into the death of an on-duty government employee (Kotwal grade) who was allegedly killed while taking action against an illegal sand transporter at Mhaswad in Satara district recently.More than 500 members of the Pune District Revenue Employee Kotwal Federation went on a 'stop work' agitation on Monday to condemn the killing. The office-bearers reiterated their demand for adequate police protection to revenue employees at work.The members agitated at the office of district collector on Monday afternoon. Office-bearers of the federation threatened that from henceforth on-duty employees will not take action against sand mafia if police protection was not provided. The State Revenue Employee Federation announced its support to the agitation.Rajendra Sartape, who worked in the tehsil office of Mhaswad was killed after he stopped the tractor of an illegal sand transporter.Laxmikant Pacharane, president of the State Revenue Employee Federation said, \"Employees at other state government offices sported black ribbons as a mark of protest.A memorandum was submitted to the collector. We want the murder case of Sartape to be taken up in a fast track court.\"Pacharane further said, \"The government should come out with strict laws against attacks on employees and ensure that such attacks do not take place in future. The incidents of attacks on revenue staff have also been reported across the state in the last few years, however, no concrete steps are initiated by the government.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "14038414", "title": "Dip in seat tally starts blame game in SAD, BJP", "text": "JALANDHAR: The dip in number of wards won by SAD-BJP in the Jalandhar municipal corporation elections in has triggered a blame game between both parties over the defeat of their candidates.The SAD tally fell from 14 in the previous MC house to 11. This happened even though two SAD candidates won unopposed.During a meeting convened by former minister Sewa Singh Sekhwan, in-charge of the election, to pinpoint the causes for the decline, the refrain was that the BJP did not cooperate properly in areas where SAD candidates were contesting.Sources said both the losing and winning candidates complained of lack of active support from BJP activists. The defeated candidates even identified senior BJP leaders who did not cooperate. They cited the case of a ward where a SAD rebel was supported by BJP and managed to defeat the official Akali candidate.The other leaders who were present in this meeting included district SAD president Gurcharan Singh Channi and Improvement Trust chairman Baljit Singh Neelamahal.The BJP leaders, too, blamed their losses on \"non-cooperation\" of SAD leaders. They pointed out that in Ward No. 31 SAD had announced that it would expel Iqbal Singh Dhindsa, whose wife Raminder Kaur was contesting as an independent against a BJP candidate, but most of the SAD activists sided with Dhindsa.Sekhwan attributed the fall in seat tally to wrong distribution of tickets, mainly at behest of MLAs, but refused to comment on BJP's lack of cooperation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "noida/ghaziabad", "code": "14039582", "title": "Steep hike in child labourers", "text": "NOIDA/GHAZIABAD: Even though child labour has been banned in the country for decades, it remains a tragic reality. In the last month, Noida and Ghaziabad have seen a sharp increase in the number of cases wherein minors were rescued from illegal and hazardous working conditions. Moreover, a shocking number of cases related to maids being abused and tortured by their owners have also surfaced. Noida police responded by creating a special juvenile wing in the district whose focus in on cases pertaining to child labour and abuse, however child welfare activists maintain that a number of infrastructural problems plague implementation and functioning.In Noida, over the last two months, three cases of minor maids being abused have surfaced while the Ghaziabad police recently busted an organized trafficking ring that supplied underage children from Assam to various placement agencies in Delhi-NCR. In Noida, both cases pertained to girls who were natives of Jharkhand and were employed by their respective employers through placement agencies. However, they were abused physically and emotionally by their employers. Noida police have handed over both cases to the special juvenile wing while the district Anti-Human Trafficking Unit is investigating the possibility of an organized trafficking ring working in the district.In January, in Indirapuram, the Ghaziabad police arrested a man, Om Singh, who was at the head of a human trafficking unit which supplied girls from Assam to various placement agencies in Delhi-NCR. Om Singh operated from Baksa district in Assam. Later, 19 girls were rescued by the Delhi Police from his Nangloi residence.However, according to child rights activists, this is just the tip of the iceberg. A number of infrastructural deficiencies make the herculean task of stopping child labour in the two districts even more difficult. \"Currently, these placement agencies are mostly operating from Delhi and supplying to NCR. If the planned legislation on controlling placement agencies is passed by the Delhi government, then these agencies will just switch to Ghaziabad and Noida,\" said Satya Prakash of FXB Suraksha.Moreover, Noida doesn't have a government-maintained shelter for rescued children. Activists said that a number of cases pertaining to child labour are botched up due to lack of coordination between the different government bodies. \"There needs to be more coordination between the labour department, the police and the various NGOs working in the field,\" said Mala Bhandari of SADRAG, a child's rights NGO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14035362", "title": "Indore water supply uses 33% power", "text": "INDORE: Nearly 33% of electricity being supplied in Indore is used for water management every day. Indore consumes around 65 lakh units of electricity per day out of which around 21 lakh units are used for water supply.By fixing water management system properly city can save around 25% of the electricity being used in the process per day and of course, crores of rupees for the exchequer, claimed a group of water experts at Jal Sansad organized by Vikas Dhristi Mitra 2050 on Monday.Water expert Rahul Banerjee said that in the entire world, water supply is managed on gravity base theory and in Indore, water is managed are based against the gravity. \"Water from Indore and flow to Narmada and the same water is being lifted from Narmada to supply in the city, which consumes a huge amount of electricity as we lift water from a lower geographical area to upper geographical area,\" he said. Around 40% of the city's population depend on ground water and they pump water from 500 to 700 feet below the ground and it consumes around 10 lakh units of electricity per day. Former engineer of Chhattisgarh Electricity Board R S Goyal said that civic body should introduce the system of energy audit and try to minimize the consumption of electricity on water supply. It will make water cheaper and off load the financial burden of civic body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14038719", "title": "Citizens rally for Mumbai's tired horses", "text": "MUMBAI: A group of citizens and animal rights NGOs have come together to collect 10,000 signatures in order to stop cruelty towards horses in the city and bring about a ban on Victoria horse carriages. The commencement of the monsoon in the city adds to the distress of over 250 horses, which are left illegally tied up in the open on city beaches, without proper stables, and hence ruthlessly exposed to the elements.Without proper rest at night, these horses, many of them suffering from physical ailments, are forced to pull carriages or used to give joyrides during the day, worsening their already sorry state.Among the citizens collecting signatures for this cause is Hersh Welling, who said that a memorandum created by the group will be given to the chief minister, municipal commissioner and other top officials, exhorting them to help stop such animal cruelty.\"More than 80% of Mumbai's horses are tied to posts at beaches, garbage dumps, street sides, dump yards and public spaces. These animals have no option but to brave the monsoon without any shelter,\" said Ambika Hiranandani, advocate and animal activist.Another animal lover, Mili Gandhi, said, \"On Dadar beach, the horses are tied near the shore. They have to deal with the high tide and then also endure the monsoon out in the cold. The horses are practically drowning. And after all this, they have to work for hours on end. Such torture should not be allowed in our city.\"\"It is about time we stop the carriages and joyrides. The people of Mumbai must come together and speak for the animals and our city,\" added Vandana Kripalani, a campaigner of NGO Mumbai for Horses.In an ongoing public interest litigation in the Bombay high court, the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) had also stated that most of these illegal stables at Nariman Point, Dadar, Bhandup, Andheri and parts of other suburbs were absolutely dirty, pathetic and not fit for animals. The signature campaign should now hopefully end the horses' pain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "14039406", "title": "Powerlooms want to weave silk saris", "text": "SALEM: Powerloom owners in Salem district have sought permission from the state government to weave pure silk saris on powerlooms. On Monday, more than 500 weavers from Karungalpatti, Kondalampatti, and Kalrampatti in Salem gave a representation to district collector K Maharapushanam to the effect. They also demanded the administration to restrain enforcement officers from sealing powerlooms that produce pure silk saris.Law mandates that pure silk saris are to be produced only on handlooms. So, enforcement officers in the loom sector conduct surprise checks at powerlooms in the district and close down units that are found to be producing pure silk saris. \"Pure silk saris are protected by the Handloom (Reservation of Articles and Production) Act. They are to be woven on handlooms. In the absence of the ban, powerlooms will destroy handloom weavers and the handloom industry,\" said A N Selvaraj of Gugai.There are over 50,000 powerlooms in Salem including 10,000 in and around Gugai, Karungalpatti, Kalarampatti and Kondalampatti.Pure silk saris are woven in many places here for the past 12 to 15 years despite a ban that was introduced two years ago. On Sunday, enforcement officials sealed eight power looms in the district, Selvaraj said.However, powerloom workers contend that such saris are produced on powerlooms in many parts of the country. \"They bring profits to weavers. The restriction is in force only here,\" said N Soundarrajan, a powerloom owner from Karungalpatti. \"It has been our livelihood for the past 12 years. The officers conduct surprise inspections and seal off our looms. Our livelihood is affected,\" he added.A weaver, who did not want to be named, said officers threaten them by invoking an old Act that doesn't take the present situation into consideration.The government should consider the new situation, he said. He claimed that handlooms can't meet the demands of the market. Handloom and powerloom silk saris address different classes of consumers and the two sectors are not in competition, another weaver said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14037846", "title": "Gang kills woman, dumps body on road", "text": "CHENNAI: A gang of men kidnapped a 69-year-old woman from Tiruvallur and burnt her alive before dumping her body on the roadside outside Sengadu village near Sriperumbudur, 40km from Chennai.Some passersby found the woman's partly charred body in a gunny bag and informed village administrative officer (VAO) Amsavalli. Based on information by the VAO, the Sriperumbudur police inspected the crime scene and sent the body to Tiruvallur Government Hospital for autopsy.Sriperumbudur police inspector S Ramamurthy identified the deceased as J Rajammal, of Eakaadu village near Tiruvallur. \"Her husband Jayaseelan had died a few years ago,\" he said. \"She lived alone in the village.\"The inspector said a police team had been sent to the village to inquire about the victim. \"We suspect that the woman's assailants kidnapped and murdered her before setting her body ablaze to destroy evidence,\" Ramamurthy said.Preliminary investigation revealed that Rajammal was a small-time financier in her village. \"The motive for the murder is yet to be determined,\" an investigating officer said, adding that the cause of death has also to be ascertained and the police are awaiting the postmortem report.\"The area where the body was found is desolate at night. The woman's assailants may have selected the place to dispose the body because they thought nobody would see them,\" the officer said.The police registered a case under Section 302 (murder) of IPC and launched a hunt for the killers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14039925", "title": "Many district cooperative banks in UP are on verge of closure: Shivpal Yadav", "text": "LUCKNOW: District cooperative banks in 25 districts of the state are on the verge of closure, state minister for corporative Shivpal Yadav declared on Monday. Speaking during the cut motion debate in Vidhan Sabha, Shivpal rued rampant corruption and nepotism in the sector which, he charged, was the major contributory factor to the near collapse. SP government, he promised, will take necessary steps to salvage the situation.The Reserve Bank of India (RBI), Shivpal told the House, is holding back the licence of 25 banks for failing to meet the prescribed criteria and procedural norms. The government, he said, proposes to initiate a dialogue with the Centre and also write to the RBI on issuance as any reluctance or delay would spell ruination for state farmers. The minister slammed the Mayawati regime for rigging election of the cooperative banks in districts to ensure appointments of the favoured one as directors, chairpersons, etc. Shivpal cited the example of how nomination of candidates from the Samajwadi Party was cancelled by the returning officers at the last moment to oblige the ruling party.The allegation was stoutly rebutted by the BSP MLA and SP turncoat Ranendra Budholiya. Budholiya launched a scathing attack on Samajwadi Party and alleged that its leaders had been using corporative movement to feather their nests and splurge public funds on needless foreign trips. Promptly hooted by colleagues from the treasury benches, he demanded investigation into charges of malpractice and graft that afflict the sector and claimed that even NABARD had stopped sanctioning loans due to the fact.Charging Mayawati government with criminal highhandedness, BJP leader Hukum Singh told the House how a senior PCS officer arbitrarily rejected the nomination papers filed by all 11 candidates in Muzaffarnagar to pave way for election of a BSP stooge in the elections. Officers who bent rules to please the former government, he said, have now switched sides and hitched on the SP bandwagon. The leader demanded that they be identified and punished. Conceding the demand, Shivpal said the government has already begun the exercise and action would be taken soon. The minister also said that SP government has stocked three lakh metric tonnes in the storage to cater to the growing demand of urea and claimed that this season availability will be no issue unlike the BSP rule when farmers were lathicharged for asking for urea.Earlier, moving the cut motion in the budget for animal husbandry, Hukum Singh highlighted rampant cattle smuggling across the UP borders. Cattle theft is gone up notoriously in western UP, he said, and claimed that buffaloes yoked to the carts and left unattended even for an hour find their way into the slaughter houses which are doing a thriving business with connivance of the veterinary doctors and the local police. Singh rebutted the claims of Parasnath Yadav that the production of milk has increased in UP and attributed the spiralling graph to adulterated urea concoction and demanded an immediate check of the menace.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14039439", "title": "Judicial probe sought into Qateel Siddiqui's murder", "text": "Muslim organizations have demanded a judicial probe into terror suspect Qateel Siddiqui's murder. Activists have rejected the theory that Siddiqui was murdered at the behest of underworld don Chhota Rajan and said that the killing could be a conspiracy.\"High-security cells are monitored by CCTVs. This shows lapse by the ATS and jail officials,\" said Aslam Ghazi of Jamaat-e-Islami, the NGO leading a campaign to get justice for Siddiqui's family. Ghazi alleged that there was an attempt to divide prison inmates on the basis of religion.He accused the state of not arranging transport to send Siddiqui's body to his native place Darbhanga. Ghazi claimed that NGOs like Jamaat-e-Islami and Jamiatul Ulema-e-Hind gathered funds to send the body. \"A message is being given that since courts are taking too long to prosecute Muslim terror suspects, Hindu dons must come forward to finish the terror accused,\" added Ghazi, who also accused the state government of failing to arrange for transport of Siddiqui's body to his native place Darbhanga. Ghazi claimed that Muslim NGOs like Jamaat-e-Islami and Jamiatul Ulema-e-Hind pooled in money to send Siddiqui's body to Darbhanga.Organizations like Jamaat-e-Islami, Jamiatul Ulema-e-Hind, Bharat Bachao Andolan and All India Ulema Council have expressed anguish over the murder. - Mohammed WajihuddinSamajwadi Party's state chief and MLA Abu Asim Azmi joined the Muslim NGOs in condemning murder of Siddiqui in judicial custody. \"We have no trust in the state CID which has been asked to investigate the murder of Siddiqui. There should be a judicial probe,\" said Azmi. He added that to foster confidence the Centre should ask state governments to ensured that prisoners, even if they are terror accused, should not be harmed inside jails. Azmi also referred to the statement of Siddqui's wife where she maintained that Siddiqui would feared for his life in prison. \"Siddiqui's wife's statement should be recorded and a probe must be done why Siddiqui felt that he would be killed in prison,'\" said Azmi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "14037842", "title": "Rohtak shelter home: Former child development and protection officer under probe ambit", "text": "ROHTAK: The special investigating team of Haryana police, which is probing the Rohtak shelter home case of sexual abuse and other atrocities on inmates, is likely to book a retired child development and protection officer (CDPO). According to sources, police have written to the deputy commission, seeking permission to bring her under the preview of investigation and to interrogate her.The CDPO was directly concerned with the child shelter home and had to recommend any grants to the NGO, Bharat Vikas Sangh, running it. The lady official retired about a month before the sordid tales of sexual abuse of inmates were exposed by the national commission for protection of child rights (NCPCR) team. During its raid on the home on May 9, the NCPCR team had summoned the CDPO and pulled her up for turning a blind eye to the misdemeanors of Apna Ghar incharge Jaswanti Devi. However, the incumbent official pleaded that she had joined the office only a few days back.The investigation team had then wanted the retired official to join the probe. Sources said she could be booked under sections 217 (public servant disobeying direction of law with intent to save person from punishment) and 219 (public servant in judicial proceeding corruptly making report, etc contrary to law) of IPC.Rohtak SP Vikash Dhankar maintained action would be taken against anyone who is a suspect in the case.Award withdrawn; membership cancelledHaryana government terminated the membership of Jaswanti Devi's NGO Bharat Vikas Sangh from the Juvenile Justice Board, Rohtak, on Monday. It has also withdrawn the Indira Gandhi Mahila Shakti Award given to Jaswanti. Haryana social justice and empowerment minister Geeta Bhukkal said a decision to this effect was taken in view of the FIR registered against the scandal-hit shelter home incharge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14043403", "title": "Fuel shortage halts Kerala State Road Transport Corporation services", "text": "KOCHI: With KSRTC running short of diesel, buses queued up at the main depot creating a traffic jam in the city on Monday. The delay in getting fuel from Indian Oil Corporation (IOC) to refill underground tanks led to the chaotic situation. As IOC is carrying out repair works on one of the two underground fuel tanks, the buses are dependent on a single tank for diesel. It is pointed out that depot requires about 35,000 litres of diesel per day and the tank can hold 50,000 litres.\"IOC does not refill underground tanks on Sundays. And when there is a delay in supplying fuel to KSRTC on the next working day, the transport corporation will run out of stock,\" said assistant transport officer, C Venugopal. He said that on Monday many buses were rerouted to Ernakulam to fill fuel as some depots in the neighbouring localities faced shortage. Following the arrival of fuel in the evening, they were able to resume bus services.According to KSRTC, once IOC completes repairing the damaged tank, they would be able to resolve the problem. The tank got damaged in the heavy rains and water began to seep into it. The transport authority stated that they had already informed IOC about the inconvenience caused to people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14035200", "title": "Supreme Court refuses to unlock 4.5% sub-quota", "text": "NEW DELHI: The fate of the 4.5% minority sub-quota within the 27% Other Backward Classes (OBCs) quota net looked uncertain on Monday, with the Supreme Court saying it was \"very unhappy\" with the manner in which the reservation scheme was created and refused to stay the judgment of Andhra Pradesh high court quashing it.\"How did you determine 4.5%? Why now? Where is the material?\" were the questions the court put to attorney general G E Vahanvati when he stood up to argue the HRD ministry's appeal against the HC's May 28 judgment striking down the Muslim sub-quota on grounds that it was violative of the constitutional injunction against faith-based quota.The apex court's refusal to immediately stay the HC verdict \u2014 combined with the remarks it expressed about the way the government went about the sub-quota \u2014 leaves the fate of 325 students, falling in the minority sub-quota and are aspiring to join the IITs, on tenterhooks.The court said: \"It is a sensitive issue and this is not the manner in which it should have been handled. We are very unhappy over the way the 4.5% sub-quota is carved out. No material was produced before the High Court. No material is produced before us and you have not consulted the statutory bodies.\"A bench of Justices K S Radhakrishnan and J S Khehar said plea for interim stay of the HC judgment would be considered on Wednesday, if the government produced documents to make good the basis of its December 22, 2011, decision to create 4.5% sub-quota for the Muslims.Although minority communities, especially the Muslims, had asked for the sub-quota for long, it was eventually implemented on the eve of the UP polls, triggering accusations about political considerations being the main driver.SP leader Kamal Farooqi said that such half-hearted steps, far from being helpful, have been detrimental to the welfare of Muslims, and that the Congress will have to pay price for it. BJP, on the other hand, accused government of engaging in appeasement of minorities by seeking to introduce religion-based quotas.In the court, Vahanvati said the government had ample documents to justify the necessity of 4.5% quota for the Muslim groups who because of their extreme backwardness were finding it difficult to compete with other OBCs in the Central List. He said the Muslim groups were included in the OBC list since 1993 and the AP HC misread this core fact to fault the Centre's decision.The bench said if the government had the documents why they were not produced either before the HC then or before the apex court now. It also asked why the government did not consult statutory bodies like National Commission for Backward Classes and National Commission for Minorities.\"The high court repeatedly said no material was produced. How can you blame the HC? Has the matter been referred to NCBC or NCM? Why it was not referred,\" it asked.Vahanvati said as per the law laid down by the SC, it was not necessary to consult the statutory bodies on the issue of carving out sub-quota for most backward among the backward classes.The bench asked: \"So, you can issue any number of Office Memorandum carving out further sub-quotas? It was such an important decision to carve out 4.5% from the 27% reservation for OBCs, yet the government did not think it fit to refer it to statutory bodies. Tomorrow, can the government carve out another 4.5% sub-quota?\"Justices Radhakrishnan and Khehar said: \"We are asking a simple question. The 27% reservation for OBCs is there for so many years. What exercise did the Union government undertake before carving out the 4.5% minority sub-quota? The High Court says you did not refer the issue to any of the statutory bodies. You say it is not necessary. Then what exercise did you undertake?\"Finding himself cornered without the consultation material in hand, the AG quickly took the blame for poor presentation by the Centre before the HC. \"I take the blame for the poor assistance by us in the HC which was the main reason for the HC not being able to correctly appreciate the factual aspect.\"However, Vahanvati was quick to plead with the court to allow implementation of the minority sub-quota in the IITs, where counseling for admissions was going on. He said careers of 325 students, falling in the minority sub-quota, would be in jeopardy.The bench wanted to know whether allowing implementation of the minority sub-quota would affect other groups within the 27% OBC reservations. The AG said it would affect them marginally and wanted to explain the calculations. But, the bench asked the AG to file the documents by Tuesday and posted the HRD ministry's appeal for further hearing on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14044779", "title": "Notices served to 6 chemists in district", "text": "NASHIK: The Food and Drugs Administration (FDA) has issued showcause notices to six chemists in Nashik district and 26 in Nashik division, which includes Nashik district, for not maintaining records of medicines related to medical termination of pregnancies (MTPs). The administration also conducted checks at private nursing homes.Assistant commissioner (drugs), FDA, Nashik, Hemant Metkar said showcause notices had been sent to six chemists and druggists in Nashik district as they had not maintained records of tablets and injectibles used in MTPs. The FDA has sent showcause notices to 26 chemists in Nashik division, including nine in Ahmednagar, five in Dhule and six in Jalgaon.Since June 4, the FDA has carried out inspection of three doctors, 30 medical retailers and two wholesalers in Nashik district. However, nothing objectionable was recorded during the inspections. In case those given showcause notices under section 65 of Food, Drugs and Cosmetics Act, 1940 - fail to explain their actions, their licences may be terminated temporarily, officials said, adding that no FIRs were registered till date.FDA officials claimed that sale of drugs like misoprostol, stytolog and vecredil, which are first and second trimester abortion-inducing drugs, was under scanner.District Doctors Retailers Wholesalers Show Cause NoticeNashik 3 30 2 6Jalgaon 5 27 0 6Nagar 3 18 0 9Dhule 0 11 1 5Total 11 86 3 26(District-wise break up of inspection by FDA)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "14042103", "title": "Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation employees protest", "text": "HUBLI: Employees of Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation staged a protest in Hubli on Monday putting forth their varioulong pending demands including implementation of the sixth pay commission's recommendationThe employees boycotted work in all the zones. Stating that the commission's recommendations have been implemented in Mysore and Davangere Municipal Corporations, they urged the HDMC to implement the same. Later they submitted a memorandum to Hubli-Dharwad mayor Pandurang Patil, who assured them of looking into the matter before June 21.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "14038284", "title": "NRI kingpin's wife, teenage son held in synthetic drug racket", "text": "JALANDHAR: Five persons, including a woman and a teenager boy, have been arrested by the Jalandhar (Rural) Police for their alleged involvement in the NRI-led drug racket busted on June 2. Police had seized synthetic drug mathamphetamine worth Rs 200 crores from the accused.While kingpin Ranjit Singh alias Raja Kandhola, a US based NRI, is still at large, his wife Rajwant Kaur and son Belly Singh, 19, have been arrested. Besides, police have also arrested a Delhi-based man, who was running a pub along with two others.SP (Operations) Rajinder Singh said investigations revealed that Rajwant and Belly knew about the drug trade and were managing the proceeds. Delhi resident Harmeet Singh was involved in spreading the network for supply of drug. Sources said Harmeet was also involved in supplying call girls to the gang members.A Gunachaur resident, Sukhwinder Singh and his accomplice Gurinder Singh were arrested after they were found carrying heroin worth Rs 2.65 crores in the Bolero they were travelling in. According to the SP, it is now emerging that both Kandhola and Sukhwinder were caught by the Zimbabwe Police and that they came in contact with criminals from other countries while in jail. Their contacts, forged in jail, helped them widen their drug supply network.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14038520", "title": "Police salute woman power", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Last month, two attempts of crime were thwarted when the city women exhibited exemplary guts in fighting back the perpetrators. In the first instance, a brave woman helped nab an accused in robbery and in another case, two sisters prevented a robbery bid.The city police acknowledged their acts of bravery and felicitated them at a function held on Monday.City police commissioner S K Saikia handed over certificates and cash rewards to the three women at city police commissioner's office in the presence of senior police officials, family members and relatives.\"We are proud of the brave women who did not tolerate the acts of crime and raised a voice that ultimately led to prevention of crime in both the cases. We are felicitating the women so that their acts can inspire others. It is also an example what an alert citizen can do,\" said Ajay Tomar, joint commissioner of police, Sector I.It was a proud moment for parents and relatives as well. Manish Shah, father of Rimoni Shah, one of the girls who got felicitated, said that the parents are happy that their teenaged daughter has become an example for the community. \"Girls are equal to boys in all aspects and I am proud that my daughter has prevented a crime from taking place,\" he said.Their hot chase sent man to jailOn May 27, two sisters Priyal and Rimoni Shah, were at a petrol pump in Paldi when a Hyundai Accent car came near them and the driver asked for directions to Gaekwad Haveli. When they were explaining the route, the man suddenly whipped out a gun and asked the duo to get in.The girls protested when the man snatched their mobile phone and fled from the spot. Without getting intimidated by the act, the duo followed the car in a hot chase and finally forced the driver to stop the car near Jalaram Mandir where they got the phone. The man drove off to escape public fury. The girls, however, noted down the registration number of the car and gave it to their father who in turn informed the city police control room.The man, Lakhpreet Singh Sayan, 36, a resident of Vadodara, was tracked down by the city crime branch on the% basis of the number and was %arrested soon.\"It was a reflex action on my part when I decided to chase the man irrespective of the danger involved. How can somebody take away the mobile phone in this city? I just wanted the man to be caught by police and punished for the act. We had the presence of mind to write down the number which ultimately helped police nab the accused,\" said Rimoni, a second year college student.Priyal said that they have become celebrity of sorts at the college after their pictures appeared in media. \"We want a safe society for ourselves, we have to raise our voice to curb the crime,\" she said.Undaunted, she raised an alarmSangeeta Jani, a resident of Vejalpur, had been to Muthoot Finance office near Vasna bus stand on May 5. Little did she know that she had walked into an armed robbery scene. As soon as she knocked on the door, one of the robbers opened it and forced her into one of the corners and asked her to keep quiet.Jani, quickly comprehending the situation, started shouts for help without getting intimidated by two robbers with revolvers. When the robbers were busy managing the scene, Narendrasinh Sisodiya, the branch manager, got a chance to press the alarm button. This move forced the robbers to flee from the spot.\"It was, of course, a scary moment for me when I was confronted by the robbers. I recently got to know that the gang was involved in violent crimes earlier. I am happy that I became instrumental in preventing a robbery,\" Jani told TOI. A former telecom professional, she said that many women came to meet her after the incident to know more about the experience. \"I also thank policemen for felicitating me,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14038987", "title": "Most rescued childeren are never rehabilitated", "text": "NEW DELHI: The teenage help who was rescued from a Dwarka apartment in March is now enrolled in a school in Jharkhand. She has received her wage arrears, besides support from the state. But hers is an exceptional story of rehabilitation. Experts say most trafficked children, even when rescued, lead bleak lives.Take the case of two girls \u2014 aged 12 and 13 \u2014 who were brought to Delhi a year ago and sexually assaulted at a placement agency. After their rescue, they were sent to a shelter home in West Bengal, and have not received any significant help.Experts say care and aid are lavished on victims only after their cases grab media attention. Generally, though, rescued children get trapped in procedural hurdles. The luckier ones are 'reunited' with their families but not rehabilitated and, occasionally, children even slip back into the hands of traffickers.Rishikant, an activist from NGO Shakti Vahini, said, \"We get many complaints and some of the offences are grave. The state machinery moves when a case gets highlighted. In most cases, the child welfare committees (CWCs) merely dump the children back home without follow-up,\" he said. The chairperson of the Lajpat Nagar CWC said, \"Reuniting does not mean rehabilitation.\" Shakti Vahini claims that of the 200 children it rescued last year, none has been properly rehabilitated.In most cases, delays occur due to poor inter-state coordination. \"The authorities here are not so concerned as 90% of the cases are from other states. Their attitude is that the other state has to take care of them,\" said CWC chairperson Raaj Mangal Prasad. It is also observed that the CWCs of the other states are not so zealous in their work.Rishi Kant, another Shakti Vahini member, said this hampers follow-up action. \"The CWC might pass orders in the city and, to an extent, also recover children's due wages, but it becomes difficult to follow up on a case on a day-to-day basis.\" He suggests that the labour department should act as an intermediary between source states and cities from where children are rescued.The director for policy and research at Child Rights and You (CRY), Vijaylakshmi Arora, said lack of manpower is another important hurdle in rehabilitation. \"If you go to the district level or the CWCs, you don't find much manpower. It is usually one man taking care of 50 cases. That ratio has to be improved.\"Arora said a system needs to be in place to track each and every child's case separately \"as each child's case is different and the factors for trafficking are different. This will also keep tabs on children who have been re-trafficked; at present there is no system to monitor that.\"While lack of manpower and poor interstate coordination hinder the process of rehabilitation, Prasad said transferring the monitoring of child labour to the department of women and child development will help. \"The Child Labour Act that falls under the labour department does not look into the rehabilitation of a child; this is done by the Juvenile Justice Act that is the responsibility of the department of women and child development,\" he said, adding, \"Shifting the child labour issue to them would speed up the process\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14042020", "title": "Accident flares road rage, 2 hurt", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a road rage incident, three persons including a woman official of Wipro working in the IT-Park, Manimajra, her husband and her subordinate were threatened inside the IT-park following a minor road accident on Monday. The incident took place at around 1.45pm. Harminder Sandhu, the husband of Gurvinder Randhawa, regional project manager with the company and Karamjit Singh, her subordinate were thrashed too. Police have arrested four youths including the so-called chairman of the 'anti-corruption wing' and seized two vehicles. The arrested youths have been identified as Ravi Kumar, Sandeep, Raj and Pran Singh of Panchkula district.Gurvinder was coming along with Karamjit in the latter's Alto when the car had an accident with another Alto, being driven by Dharminder Singh. Karamjit and Harminder, who Gurvinder called to the spot, have received blunt injuries. Gurvinder told TOI, \"We were driving on the wrong side due to a road-side chabeel and we did our best to avoid the accident. After the collision, Dharminder called up some of his acquaintances, who came in a Swift and a Scorpio.\" The members of the other group didn't stop beating up Karamjit and Harminder even when the cops reached the spot. A case has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14016610", "title": "Why isn\u2019t Emraan in Murder 3?", "text": "Only recently, Emraan had declared \"Murder\" is my turf\", in a joint interview with Mahesh Bhatt. Both of them had even come together to promote their film \"Jannat 2\", silencing their detractors.While Mahesh had at that time accepted that it has become difficult to catch hold of Emraan post the success of \" Dirty Picture\" and \" Once Upon A Time In Mumbaai \", Emraan said that he needed to do films outside their banner and his comfort zone to prove himself as an actor.While many thought that it was friendly nok-jhok between the two, the recent reports about Randeep Hooda replacing Emraan, who is an integral part of the \" Murder \" franchise, comes as a shock. Sources claim that there is a certain Bhatt behind Emraan's ouster.The story goes like this - Mukesh Bhatt's son Vishesh is making his debut as a director with \"Murder 3\". When Vishesh approached Emraan with the script, the latter refused it and suggested some changes too. This refusal caused a rift between the Bhatts and Emraan, with the former bringing Randeep into the picture.A source close to the Bhatt camp says, \"Both Mukesh and Vishesh went to Emraan with the script for narration. However, when Emraan heard the story, he felt that there were some serious loopholes that needed to be addressed in order to make it a better film.\" What's more, Emraan even refused to sign the film unless those changes were implemented. The source adds, \"This irked Vishesh, who felt that Emraan was acting pricey due to his star status; thus he signed Randeep instead.\"Reacting to this, Emraan says, \"They (the Bhatts) are family, so I guess I'll always be associated with them somewhere. But I do have the freedom to say no to a film as well.\"When contacted, Randeep, who is currently shooting in Sri Lanka for \" Jism 2\" , sounded excited about working with the Bhatts again. \"Jannat 2 \" was a great experience and all I can say right now is that I'm excited to be doing \" Murder 3 \".\" Has this recent development caused any issues between him and Emraan? \"Not at all. We both are doing a film together which is not a Vishesh Films production. We both are cool,\" he says.While Mahesh Bhatt remained unavailable despite repeated attempts, Mukesh Bhatt says, \"The reason why we picked Randeep was that both \" Murder\" and \" Murder 2 \" were targeted at single screen audiences, but my son Vishesh wanted to make an urban film that targets the multiplex audience as well. And for that, he thought that Randeep fit the bill perfectly.\"So there wasn't any script discussed between Vishesh and Emraan which the latter refused? \"There was, but that was the script of a different film and after Emraan suggested a few changes, Vishesh thought it best to put it on hold and concentrate on \" Murder 3 \" instead. For us, Randeep was the first and only choice for this movie,\" shares Mukesh.So there is no bad blood between the Bhatt camp and Emraan over anything whatsoever? \"Emraan is a star now and there is no denying that. Emraan is not only from the Bhatt camp, he is from the Bhatt family. And as far as him giving suggestions to better the script goes, he has every right to do so,\" Mukesh signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14040983", "title": "Delay mars Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation's realty projects", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC) has had a bitter experience with two public private partnership (PPP) real estate projects in the city. While inordinate delay mars a market building in Unit IV, the civic agency is struggling with deviation from the original plan with another multi-storied mall in Unit II.An eight-storied market in Unit IV with two lakh square feet built-up area has been under construction for the past 13 years. Work for the Panchdeep market complex, a joint venture of BMC with a private developer, started in 1998. However, the work is still on. \"Construction was stopped for years. After I raised the matter in BMC in 2010, it resumed. The officers are saying it would be ready by October this year,\" said Sasmita Nanda, corporator of the area.Sources said the BMC secured the government's permission to build the market complex in the 883 decimal land in July 1998. It signed an agreement with the private developer to construct the complex in February 1999. As per the deal, the builder would get 65% of the shops and BMC 35%. The BMC had given the developer time till 2007 to complete the project.Some affected vendors moved the Orissa high court in 2002 against the construction. After the matter ended on a \"compromise\", the work resumed in 2011. \"The work is apparently almost complete. We will do a field survey to assess the readiness soon,\" said BMC deputy commissioner Krushna Prasad Pati. \"Only finishing work is left. It would be complete soon,\" a representative of the developer present in the construction site said.President of Unit IV Market Byabasayi Mahasangha Biranchi, Narayan Mishra, said while the builder has mostly sold its share, vendors in the market hope the BMC will allot shops to them with liberal paying options.Another PPP project in Unit II is facing problems of deviation. The BMC had recently issued a showcause notice to the developer for the violations in construction plan of the shopping mall. \"The builder has replied to the notice. We will take action after going through it,\" said the BMC deputy commissioner. The engineering wing of the civic agency had pointed out construction of more shops than was approved in the layout.The mall built on a 70,000 sq ft built-up area and 220 shops was supposed to have a rooftop parking for 70 cars. Automobile lift was supposed to take cars from the right side entrance of the mall to the terrace. A representative of the developer, however, said it has not violated any rules. \"We have not violated any terms and conditions,\" he said.The BMC's third PPP project at Saheed Nagar, however, is nearing completion without much apparent hitch and within the stipulated deadline. Ashok Lakhotia, managing director the developer, said, \"The commercial complex is almost complete and will be ready for possession within the next two to three months.\" The residential part is already complete.The five-storey shopping, office, residential and cineplex structure is coming up on a 6 lakh square feet area. The commercial area has three blocks. While the BMC will rent out the first block to corporate offices, the second block will house semi-corporate and mercantile segments. The cineplex, shopping mall and retail outlets would be in the third block. In the housing and commercial property, BMC has a 30% share.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14040699", "title": "150 unauthorized structures razed at Sara-Sahara", "text": "MUMBAI: The BMC on Monday demolished 150 illegal structures on the premises of Sara-Sahara shopping complex in south Mumbai.The structures had come up on land owned by the Central Public Works Department (CPWD). Vijay Balamwar, chief officer (encroachments), said, \"It was a joint action by the CPWD and the BMC. The sought the BMC's help as they did not have adequate resources.\" The drive was carried out around 11am.Additional civic commissioner Mohan Adtani said: \"This action will deter encroachments in future. The action was taken by officials from the ward concerned.\"However, traders alleged that some BMC officials had allowed them to set up the shops in the first place. Faisal (name changed), who owned a mobile accessories shop at Sara Sahara, said: \"Want to know how we were allowed to set up the shops? The same people who gave us permission to set up the shops earlier came back to demolish them.\"Referring to the November 26, 2011, fire at Sara Sahara and Manish Market, some traders said this was the second time their business suffered in less than a year. \"Seven months ago, we lost everything in the fire. All our goods were purchased on credit. How can we hope to repay our loans now? We are poor people trying to earn a livelihood,\" said another shopkeeper.On the other hand, some of the shopkeepers said such demolition drives did not affect them. \"It doesn't matter, we will be back tomorrow. After all, we have to earn a living somehow.\"Though the CPWD owns the plot on which Sara-Sahara stands, it has not been able to recover the same. A BMC official said: \"It is the CPWD's responsibility to ensure that no one encroaches upon it in future.\"In November 2011, a fire razed Sara-Sahara next to the M R A Marg police station before moving across the road next to it and engulfing Manish Market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14037146", "title": "Sale of abortion pills: Drive against erring chemists continues in Pune", "text": "PUNE: Action against chemists in Pune division for not maintaining sales records of abortion pills continued on Monday with Food and Drugs Administration (FDA) officials finding four more medical stores at fault. Since June 8, officials have issued show-cause notices to over 65 medical stores in Pune, Kolhapur, Solapur and Satara.\"Licences of some of these medical stores may be suspended for a certain period of time,\" B R Masal, joint commissioner (drugs), FDA, Pune division said on Sunday. Show-cause notices will be issued to them under Rule 65 of the Drugs and Cosmetics Act, 1940, Masal said.The officials inspected 29 chemists on Monday, five were from Pune, two from Satara, 12 from Solapur and 10 from Kolhapur.\"Records of abortion drugs like misoprostol, MTP (medical termination of pregnancy) pill, stytolog and vecredil, among others were checked during the inspection drive,\" Masal said", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14038716", "title": "17 children rescued from recycling unit", "text": "NEW DELHI: Seventeen child labourers were rescued from a computer recycling unit in Nangloi in west Delhi on Monday. The unit is located in one of the biggest junk dealers' market, which has nearly 1000 scrap stores, say activists.Activists claimed the children were involved in the hazardous job of segregation of parts from computers, mobile phones and other electronic devices, which exposes them to toxic elements. Four employers were held. Aged under 13 years, the youngest child was found to be six years old. The labourers were trafficked from villages of UP and Bihar.Meanwhile, the rescue of several girls after raids in placement agencies across the capital has prompted Delhi Police to begin a round-the-clock check on various trains arriving from Bengal, Jharkhand and the northeast. Most of these girls were trafficked to the city from east and northeast India.\"I have instructed the GRP staff to keep an eye on the children in some specific trains from east, northeast and south India.,'' said Sanjay Bhatia, additional DCP (railways).(With inputs from Arjun Bibhas)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14037290", "title": "Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation to check encroachments on nullahs in civic limits", "text": "PUNE: Pimpri Chinchwad municipal commissioner Shrikar Pardeshi on Monday directed civic officials to conduct an inquiry into the encroachments on nullahs in Keshavnagar in Chinchwad.Pardeshi inspected the nullahs in Pimpri gaothan and those near Autocluster, SKF plant, Keshavnagar and Laxminagar areas in Chinchwad. \"Encroachments on nullahs were found in Keshavnagar, where there are two-three apartment schemes. I have directed the civic officials to conduct an investigation based on which further action will be taken. The officials will check the original land records, building permission records and other documents.\"As a measure to prevent flooding during monsoon, the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) will keep a vigil on the important nullahs in the civic limits and will remove garbage from these every week.Speaking to the TOI, Pardeshi said, \"A weekly clean up drive will be undertaken to remove garbage obstructing the flow of the nullahs, especially in areas of dense settlement.\" Pardeshi inspected one such activity in zone B on Monday. He said 95% of nullah cleaning works have been completed in two zones. \"The carrying capacity of the nullahs has increased. We will monitor the situation at all nullahs in the city to avoid possible flooding,\" he said.Zone B officer Aziz Karche said, \"The commissioner inspected the nullahs in Ajmera, Morwadi, Pimpri link road and other areas. We will be sending notices to people who have encroached on the nullahs and the riverbed.Earlier on Sunday, Pardeshi inspected the nullahs in Moshi, Dighi, Charholi, Bhosari, Dudulgaon and other areas. He later held a meeting of officials of administration, accounts, engineering, water supply, electricity and drainage departments at Bhosari. Pimpri-Chinchwad mayor Mohini Lande, assistant commissioner Amrut Sawant, zonal officers and other civic officials accompanied Pardeshi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14040115", "title": "One arrested in Lucknow trader murder case", "text": "LUCKNOW: Police on Monday arrested Nagendra Tewari, accused in the murder of Mahendra Yadav, owner of a sweet meat shop on Latouche Road. Yadav was shot dead late on Sunday evening. Tewari had reportedly entered into a dispute with Mahendra about a year ago. Police said investigations are currently underway on a couple of other lines in order to confirm, if the accused was the real culprit or not.Mahendra was pulling down the shutters of his shop for the day, when unidentified miscreants opened fire at him. Mahendra (28) suffered two gunshot wounds and died shortly. The victim's residence is situated on the first floor of the premises, which houses his shop. His family members rushed downstairs after hearing the gunshot. None of them were reportedly able to identify the assailants who reportedly fled on motorcycles. However later, a victim's relative Gajraj Yadav lodged an FIR in which he named Nagendra and his unidentified aides as accused.Police, quoting Mahendra's family said Nagendra was a manager at an electronics goods store situated near the victim's shop. About a year ago, Nagendra had bought a piggy bank and had left it at the sweet meat shop of Mahendra as they were friends. However when Nagendra came to collect the piggy bank, he found it in a bad shape and entered into a heated exchange with the victim. The two parted ways on the intervention of the local shopkeepers. A few weeks later, unidentified miscreants opened fire a Mahendra near his shop in which he survived.Though Mahendra had then lodged a case in connection with the firing, he had not named anyone as accused. However, the police had then probed the possibilities of Nagendra's involvement in the incident on the basis of the victim's statement, but gave him a clean chit as his role in the firing could not be established.Nagendra Tewari's family members have however denied allegations of any dispute between him and the victim. On the contrary, according to them, it was Nagendra's subordinate Ravindra Nath who had entered into a dispute with Rahul, a nephew of Mahendra. The two were involved in a heated exchange when Nagendra intervened to resolve the issue and the incident ended there and then. The Tewaris maintained that neither Mahendra nor anyone of his family accused Nagendra for the firing incident that took place shortly after the dispute took place.IG Ashutosh Pandey said investigations are underway to establish the involvement of the named accused. \"We are looking on some other angles as well to have a clearer picture of the motive for the murder,\" Pandey said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14042961", "title": "Lakkar \u2018pul\u2019 hangs in thin air", "text": "LUDHIANA: You will continue to get stuck on Damoria Bridge and Jagraon Bridge for at least another six months because deadline for the Lakkar Bridge project has been extended once again, the fourth time since August 2011. Railway authorities now claim that they will finish constructing a part of the bridge over the railway lines by December. After its completion, the Lakkar Bridge will help to ease traffic going towards Old City and Jalandhar bypass.While public works department (B&R;) has completed its work, railways have only been able to do pilling work. Earlier the officials were claiming to open it by August 2011 which was further extended till December 2011 and then May 2012.Municipal commissioner M S Jaggi said, \"The bridges that we were supposed to construct are ready. We are waiting for the completion of portion falling on railway lines. As soon as railway authorities complete their task we will connect it and open it for public.\"The venture, which was scheduled to be completed by August last year, has since seen four deadline extensions. The project cost has already increased from Rs 13 crore to over Rs 60 crore because of the delay on account of MC and railway authorities.A railway engineer handling the project said, \"The bridge is to be constructed on the main railway line between Amritsar and Delhi which has over 200 trains going up and down every day so it is getting difficult to block the railway lines to do our work. We will not be able to complete it before December because there are several problems that we are solving step by step,\" he said.For residents, the justifications are no consolation. \"Frequent extension of deadline for Lakkar Bridge project has disappointed us because it is the only way to get rid of traffic mess on Damoria Bridge and Jagraon Bridge but authorities are unable to do anything about it,\" rued Simran Kaur, a student and resident of Civil Lines. Kitchlu Nagar resident businessman Amrit Pal Singh said the project was started in 1997 and since then the number of vehicles has increased manifold. \"I think we will not get desired relief even after the project is completed now,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14042682", "title": "Lonely children prone to obesity", "text": "KOLKATA: Weight is an issue that is bothering city schools even more than studies these days.With at least 20% children in middle and high schools suffering from weight-related disorders, schools have started holding 'health audits' and getting parents involved in the back-to-health process.According to findings by most schools, a majority of students with unacceptable body mass indices are children of working parents. Such kids spend a lot of time with retainers who are unable to take proper care of their diet. The children miss their parents and try to make up for their loneliness with junk food, which leads to obesity and other lifestyle diseases.Sankalp Khaitan, a Class VII student, used to gorge on chips, colas, burgers and pizzas till he started tipping the scales at 80 kilos. Let alone participate in school activities, he found it hard to climb up to his first- floor classroom. Once when Sankalp blacked out in the assembly, the school doctor advised his parents to go for a thorough check-up which revealed that he was on the threshold of developing juvenile diabetes and needed to be on a diet and exercise regimen.\"It was a tall order. Sankalp was addicted to junk food and with both of us away at work the whole day, he would bully the cook and servants at home. I used to assist my husband in his garments business but decided to quit to take care of my child,\" said Neha, Sankalp's mother.With most kids shying away from outdoor games, there is no way to burn the extra calories. \"These days, right from middle school, children withdraw from outdoor games and take to the TV, play stations and the computer. With parents at work, they spend hours surfing or gaming and the natural accompaniments are a variety of junk food. We are trying our best to keep a watch on overweight children and are in touch with parents regularly. We even keep an eye on the lunch boxes of such kids, said Sunirmal Chakravathy, principal of La Martiniere for Boys.Parents, however, complain that even if they instill discipline at home, children buy junk food from school canteens. \"My son used to save his pocket money to buy cola and finger chips at his school canteen. Why should schools preach to us and yet allow such unhealthy food in canteens?\" asked Sunipa Dutta, mother of a 14-year-old.Some schools have banned junk food. \"Obesity had become a major issue and for the past two years we have banned all kinds of junk food from our canteen. We are also keeping a health chart on every kid in school and are following up on the critical cases,\" said Mukta Nain, principal of Birla High School.But often maids/caregivers connive with kids to smuggle in junk food. Parijat Negi, a Class VI girl, would ask her parents for money to buy books, stationery, CDs or recharge coupons. \"We found out that she would instead order pizza in connivance with the maid who also got her share. We put her in swimming class, which she bunked with the help of the maid,\" said her mother Vasundhara, who gave up her job to look after her.\"Obesity, in most cases, is a contracted lifestyle disease. There are, of course, incidences of thyroid imbalances or genetic disorders, but they account for no more than 5-6% cases,\" says dietician Kalpana Chowdhury, a specialist on child obesity. \"It's an eating disorder and mostly happens when lonely children take to junk food to counter depression.\"Psychiatrist Amarnath Mullick tries to quantify this. \"At least 50% of the kids with mind disorders that I know of are also obese. There is a natural link. In most such cases I have prescribed a therapy of diet and company of grandparents or some other relatives or peers for three months. This has worked wonders in most cases,\" Mullick said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14037122", "title": "Sant Dnyaneshwar palkhi leaves Alandi, to reach Pune tomorrow", "text": "PUNE: Over a lakh warkaris carrying saffron flags and tulsi saplings in gleaming brass 'tulshivrundavans' gathered at Alandi as the Sant Dnyaneshwar palkhi procession left the pilgrimage town for Pandharpur on Monday.Over two lakh pilgrims are expected to have embarked on the annual 21-day procession to Pandharpur on foot.The popular 'aarti' before the palkhi was performed by MLA Anil Bhosale along with MLA Dilip Mohite, collector Vikas Deshmukh, sub divisional officer of Khed Sunil Thorave, Shivajirao Mohite, president, Sant Dnyaneshwar Devasthan and president of the Alandi Municipal Council, Varsha Kodre.The day's proceedings began at 6.25 pm, with a puja of Sant Dnyaneshwar performed by Shivaji Mohite, head of the palkhi proceedings, Alandi. The maha puja, done by the devotee who enters the temple first, was performed by Bhau Kumbhar.Later, the palkhi, with people dancing and chanting 'Gyanba Tukaram', set out for the Gandhiwada at Alandi. The rhythmic sound of percussion and string instruments filled the air as hundreds of devotees waved saffron triangular flags.At 8 pm the palkhi reached Gandhiwada where the warkaris held the traditional evening kirtan (religious discourse).The local municipal council has taken up various measures to ensure cleanliness of Alandi town. Varsha Kodre, president, Alandi Municipal Council, said that the council supplied water and other facilities to the devotees.\"We are also taking the help of Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation to keep the town clean,\" she said. Kodre said the town authorities have provided 200 mobile toilets and deployed over 50 civic workers to maintain them.Lodging arrangements have also been made available for the warkaris. She said cleaning of the rivers has been taken up on a war footing. She also said that the Pune zilha parishad has decided to provide ambulance with doctors and medicines throughout the journey.According to police inspector Bapuroa Deshmukh, over 400 policemen were on bandobast duty. A bomb detection and disposal squad will accompany the procession. The Sant Dnyaneshwar palkhi will reach Pune on Wednesday, stay for two days at the Palkhi Vithoba Mandir at Bhavani Peth, and leave for Saswad on June15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "14039538", "title": "Unorganized sector making law enforcement difficult", "text": "NOIDA: The 2006 amendment to the Child Labour Act, which extended the ban on employment of children below the age of 14 years as domestic help in dhabas and hospitality sectors, has been largely ineffective in the district. According to officials of the labour department, they are faced with a practical problem when dealing with such cases in the unorganized sector: They aren't able to charge or fine the employers in such cases as they simply move shop.Officials said that children working in dhabas and other roadside establishments are employed by the unorganized sector. \"Whenever we get a notification of such cases, we immediately investigate the matter. But according to law, we are supposed to fine the employer Rs 20,000. However, the employer just disappears and as a result the proceedings come to a halt,\" said a labour department official.According to the labour department, if a child is working with his family and is getting enough time to attend school and receive education, then the case is not considered as child labour. However, in cases where the child is working for someone else's establishment, then it is a violation of law.According to officials of Childline, a Union government initiative planned to curb child labour and crimes against children, there are 40 such cases pending with them wherein the labour department and other government bodies have been unable to take action as the accused work in the unorganized sector and are difficult to trace.Child rights activists, however, maintained that the problem can be solved through creation of a mechanism that allows for greater cooperation between police and the labour department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "14036305", "title": "IT major closes Vizag operations", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Sutherland Global Services, IT major and multi-national technology-enabled business service provider, has closed its operations in Visakhapatnam. Sources said that the Vizag branch has ceased functioning since Saturday.Sutherland had been operating from the premises of another IT company, Kenexa, in the Madhurawada IT SEZ. Sources said the company has already shifted its staff to Chennai and Kochi branches. Those not willing to move out were given a payout by the company. The churning of the staff began three months ago, sources said.The company started its operations in India in 2001 and has employed more than 10,000 professionals in its offices in Chennai, Mumbai and Kochi.The Vizag branch operations began three years ago with around 1,000 employees. The number was reduced to 200 three months back, a former employee of Sutherland, K Varma, told TOI. Software giant Microsoft, which was a big client for Sutherland, has moved out.Sources said that Sutherland closed shop as it could find no big projects even as maintenance costs kept going up. Moreover, the government cancelled tax exemptions last year leaving the IT firm in deep trouble.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14035400", "title": "Private hospitals\u2019 waste on mayor radar", "text": "PATNA: Hospitals and nursing homes have to make arrangements for the safe disposal of biomedical waste as per norms. Since it is expensive and capital intensive, many of the small hospitals in the state capital are reluctant to set up their own incinerators.Such hospitals simply dump the waste into the normal garbage bin of the locality provided by Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC). Patna Mayor Afzal Imam said he would check such hospitals soon. There are around 60 private hospitals and nursing homes having a proper agreement with the Indira Gandhi Institute of Medical Science (IGIMS) for the disposal of the biomedical waste.\"Despite the IGIMS arrangement, the PMC sanitation workers daily find the biomedical waste dumped by the small hospitals and nursing homes in several localities. The PMC is not supposed to clean biomedical waste which is extremely dangerous from health point of view,\" said Kishori Mahto, chief cleaning supervisor, PMC.The hospitals are supposed to make a nominal payment and their waste is carried away by the IGIMS for proper disposal. If they have not reached an agreement with the IGIMS, they are supposed to have personal incinerator, autoclave and shredder. But many of the city hospitals just ignore the norms and dump the waste into the local garbage bin to be removed by the PMC workers. According to PMC officials, there are a number of private hospitals and nursing homes who straight away dump the biomedical waste into some local water body or into the nearby river like Punpun.Imam said, \"As the monsoon is knocking at the door, PMC has intensified the drive for cleaning the drains. But garbage disposal in such way would certainly worsen the situation. We would soon launch an inspection drive to identify such hospitals and nursing homes.\"He said if the hospitals didn't enrol or renew their contract with IGIMS, the PMC would ask them to get their own incinerators. \"Bio-medical waste is just thrown anywhere, in a colony drain, by the roadside or at a garbage bin,\" he said.Another PMC official, who did not wish to be quoted, said the private hospitals have to pay Rs 3 per bed per day to IGIMS for disposal of their biomedical waste. The cost is calculated on the basis of the total number of the beds in a hospital. But many hospitals fudge the number of beds to escape the charges for garbage disposal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14041057", "title": "Monsoon clouds still in south of state, Mumbai waits", "text": "MUMBAI: After Sunday's showers, which made Mumbaikars feel that the monsoon was finally here, the city once again witnessed a no-show on Monday, with the main weather stations recording no rainfall.The meteorological department says it is difficult to predict when the monsoon will arrive in the city. As on Monday, southwest monsoon clouds were still 224 km from Mumbai. \"They are at Harnai. We cannot make a prediction as to when they will reach Mumbai,\" said V K Rajeev of the Met department.\"The upper limit of the monsoon continues to pass through Harnai, Satara, Belgaum, Agumbe, Medikeri, Kodaikanal and Gangtok ,\" the daily update of the met department read.The southwest monsoon had hit Kerala on June 5, instead of the normal date of June 1. Owing to an offshore trough, by June 6, it had reached Goa, Harnai and Satara (256 km from Mumbai). But since then, it has not advanced. The Met department says the monsoon is not a continuous process and comes in spells. The offshore trough that helped it advance to the south of Maharashtra weakened, because of which the monsoon has not moved further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14038444", "title": "NCP snubs Congress, backs BJP in Bhiwandi", "text": "During the Bhiwandi-Nizampur civic body's mayoral elections in Bhiwandi on Monday, the dispute between the Congress and the NCP was seen at a local level. Despite the Congress having the majority to rule the civic body, the NCP went against them and allied with the BJP and the Samajwadi Party voted in favor of Pratibha Patil as Mayor of Konark Vikas Aghadi.Interestingly congress rebel Dr Noor Ansari who was absent in election is elected as Deputy Mayor with support of local Konark Vikas Aghadi (6), NCP (9), SP (16), BJP(8) and independent (6). In civic body election, congress has managed to win on 26 seats and to rule in BNMC party were needed 46 votes and if NCP, Konark Vikas Aghadi, and Samajwadi party who earlier were in alliance had come together they had ruled in civic body but Vilas Patil president of Konark Vikas Aghadi in Bhiwandi and husband of elected Mayor Pratibha Patil who is said to be king maker in Bhiwandi this time formed a new alliance dividing both congress- NCP to rule in civic body. Congress party had issued notice to Dr Noor Ansari and also to Rehana Siddiqui who was also absent in support of Pratibha Patil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "ramgarh", "code": "14035070", "title": "Dhoni in Ramgarh, fans get a glimpse", "text": "Ramgarh: Team India captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni on Monday made a brief stopover here visiting the Sikh Regimental Centre (SRC) in town. However, his short stay disappointed hundreds of his fans.A huge crowd descended on the streets to see the cricketing icon as the news spread about his arrival in the town.Hundreds of supporters were standing on the main road to see Dhoni, but his vehicle did not stop near the crowd and took its way to Ranchi. People saw Dhoni coming out of the SRC here. Sanjay Kumar , a local resident, said he wanted to meet Dhoni in Ramgrh but his vehicle did not stop.\"People like Dhoni never come to Ramgarh and it was very unfortunate that I could not see him. I wish that the next time when he comes here, he will meet the fans,\" said a disappointed Kumar.Subdivisional officer, Ramgarh, Deepak Kumar said the administration had prior information on Dhoni's arrival. It was Dhoni's first visit to the regimental centre after he became the honorary lieutenant colonel of the Army.However, the Army has refused to comment on the arrival of Dhoni to the SRC, but well place sources said Mahi has just spent a few minutes. \"During his stay, he met jawans, officer and widows,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "puducherry", "code": "14050443", "title": "Puducherry government keen about promoting French education", "text": "PUDUCHERRY: Puducherry Lt Governor Iqbal Singh on Monday said the Puducherry Administration was committed to promoting French education.Inaugurating a two day conference on 'Engaging Canada and engaging India: French Canadian context' organised by Pondicherry University in collaboration with Shastri Indo Canadian Institute and Government of Quebec` at the university here on Monday, Singh said there were several schools run by Puducherry government offering education in French medium the union territory.He said Canada was a home to over a million people of Indian origin.Assistant deputy minister for Higher Education in Quebec Christiane Piche said the recent changes across the world have seen several dynamic development in an unprecedented speed.Consul and Director of Quebec Office in Mumbai Benoit Jean Bernard said that Pondicherry University could become an integral unit of the Francophone network as already more than 650 universities spread over 65 countries have become members of the network.A number of delegates from Quebec and also from various institutions in India are participating in the deliberations which would concentrate on collaborative initiatives to promote joint educational and research activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14042878", "title": "Police job aspirant dies, family calls run 'inhuman'", "text": "KOLKATA: Kalimpong youth Suresh Bhujal had never been out of the climes of the Hills all his life, save for a short visit or two to Siliguri. The sudden change from a lifetime of cool weather to a gruelling run in the 40-degree heat in Kolkata proved too much for him.Bhujal died at a Kolkata hospital on Monday morning after clinging to life support for more than five days. The 24-year-old had collapsed during a police recruitment test on the Maidan last Wednesday, which was officially the worst summer say recorded in Kolkata in decades. Avishek Pal, a candidate from the outskirts of the city, had collapsed on the same day after the run and died.Bhujal's family called the fitness test \"inhuman\". \"People in the government and police are intelligent enough to see what has happened. It is for them to judge if it was fair to keep youngsters waiting in the sun for hours and then make them run. There was hardly any medical support for emergencies,\" said Suren Bhujal, the victim's brother.His family has demanded jobs for his two brothers and sister as compensation.The discomfort index was a record scorching 71 on Wednesday when Bhujal and Avishek ran the final race of their lives. The Hill youth had reached Kolkata less than 24 hours earlier and had no time to acclimatize to the heat when he found himself waiting behind hundreds of other candidates for his turn to run 1.6 km.Bhujal didn't cringe, though. He bravely ran the course but collapsed just before the finishing line. He and Avishek were taken to SSKM Hospital where the North 24-Parganas boy was declared dead. Bhujal suffered multi-organ failure induced by a severe heat stroke and died on Monday morning.Experts say that it is very difficult for those from the Hills to endure Kolkata's heat, let alone race 1.6km. \"If you run a long distance in the heat, without allowing your body to get used to the humidity, it could be fatal. Those from cooler places are particularly susceptible to heat exhaustion, dehydration and eventually a heat-stroke. Exposure to heat could make blood pressure drop suddenly, slowing the heart rate and leading to cardiac arrhythmia. It would be difficult for even professional athletes to run 1.6 km without a period of acclimatization,\" said cardiologist Suvro Banerjee.Tropical medicine expert Tomonash Bhattacharya agreed. \"In any fitness test, weather conditions play an important part. It's important to ensure that you don't suffer from dehydration. It appears that all candidates who took the fitness test had lost body fluids because they were kept waiting in the sun for hours. It would be all the more difficult for someone like Bhujal, who has never been to Kolkata and has obviously not experienced this energy-sapping humidity,\" he said.Bhujal's neighbour Bhimprasad Shetty, who had come with the family to receive his body, said the youth had no idea that summer in Kolkata could be this gruelling. \"Suresh had never been to Kolkata in his life. He visited Siliguri once in a while but would return quickly for the weather didn't suit him. People from the Hills find Siliguri too warm for comfort. You can well imagine how uncomfortable a Kolkata summer could be for us. It was cruel to make youths from Hills run in the searing afternoon heat,\" said Shetty.GJM Kolkata unit leader Ratan Bahadur Budha demanded a written assurance of compensation from Kolkata Police but was turned down by additional commissioner Debashish Ray. \"While the additional CP has assured us that three members of Bhujal's family would be given jobs, we want it in writing. We have also demanded a centre in North Bengal for Kolkata Police fitness tests. It was inhuman to hold the test in this heat. He was desperate for the job and ended up sacrificing his life,\" said Budha.The Association for Protection of Democratic Rights (APDR) has written to the state human rights commission demanding an enquiry into the deaths.Bhujal was put through had undergone dialysis following a renal failure. But there was no in his condition. The Kalimpong youth suffered a multi-organ failure and never recovered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14042169", "title": "Substitutes are making their presence felt in Euro 2012", "text": "Substitutes are making their presence felt in Euro 2012. Thrown at the deep end by their coaches, some have delivered game changing performances; others scored eye-pleasing goals.Dimitris Salpingidis (Greece):All seemed lost for Greece against Poland after the 2004 champs were one goal and one man down in the first half. Enter the stout 30-year-old Salpingidis and everything changed. Within 15 minutes, Greece had equalised via Salpingidis and had also earned a penalty through the striker - all due to the inspired substitution by coach Fernando Santos . It is another matter Greece fluffed the chanceRoman Pavlyuchenko ( Russia ):The finest goal in Russia's 4-1 romp against Czech Republic came from the confident right-foot of former Tottenham Hotspur forward Pavlyuchenko. The second half substitute rifled a right-footer home from the top of the boxAntonio Di Natale (Italy):Against Spain, the 34-year-old striker suddenly found himself on the pitch after first-choice forward Mario Balotelli mysteriously developed shooting fright with only custodian Iker Casillas to beat early in the second half. A few minutes on, the stocky but pacy forward collected a precision through by Andrea Pirlo and confidently slotted it past the Spaniard.And The One Who Failed: Fernando Torres (Spain):Supersub Torres had a golden chance to claim lost centre stage against Italy. With the game tied 1-1 and only five minutes to go, he had the ball at its feet with only goalkeeper Buffon to beat. But the Spanish striker's chip went over the bar and the moment was gone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "14043914", "title": "Twin murder: Case against Indian Union Muslim League MLA", "text": "MALAPPURAM: Eranad MLA P K Basheer was among the 11 people against whom police registered cases for their alleged involvement in Sunday's twin murder of Kolakkadan brothers, Azad (37) and Abdul Rahman alias Kunhappu (42).The Kolakkadan brothers, who, incidentally had worked for the victory of Basheer from Eranad, were stabbed at Kuniyil near Areekode late Sunday night. Both Azad and Kunhappu, accused in the killing of Athique Rahman over a dispute between two football clubs, were stabbed at the same spot where Athique was hacked to death. They succumbed to their injuries early on Monday.Others named as accused include Mannil Thodi Ahammed Kutty, Irshad, Sudani Rasheed, Mukthar and N K Ashraf. Cases were registered based on complaint filed by kin of Kolakkadan brothers. The complaint alleged that MLA Basheer had made a highly provocative speech on June 3 at a function in Kuniyil, organised by the Muslijm League to hand over financial aid to Athique's family.Terming that the allegation was baseless, Basheer said he was ready to face any probe into the incident. \"I have the complete support of my party,'' he said adding that Kolakkadan family bore a personal animosity towards him.The police have formed a special investigation team led by the DySP P Mohanchandran to investigate the incident. The SIT made a breakthrough on Monday afternoon when they seized the Tata Sumo vehicle, in which the assailants had reached Kuniyil.The vehicle was found at a vacant plot at Vazhakkunnu near Nilambur. \"We recovered a weapon from the vehicle. There are blood stains inside it,'' Mohanchandran said.Bodies of Azad and Kunhappu were buried at the Kuniyil Juma Masjid on Monday afternoon. A huge crowd turned up at the masjid for the funeral service.The local people, however, believe that the reason for the murder was not political. \"The brothers were not serious politicians. It is the result of failure to hammer out solution to some minor inter-gang disputes in this area,'' said Saifudheen Kuniyil, a Congress activist.Police said Azad and Aboobacker were also accused in four other murder cases including the murder of P P Manaf, native of Othayi near Areekode.Police are also worried about the increasing incidents of violence following minor scuffles on football fields.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14038978", "title": "Pune school students visit South Korea on cultural exchange", "text": "PUNE: The Bishop's Education Society selected eighteen students from The Bishop's School, Pune Camp, to travel to the Neungin middle school, Daegu, South Korea, on a cultural exchange programme. Frank R Freese, principal of the school and honorary secretary of The Bishop's Education Society, was invited by the mayor to Daegu to witness the opening ceremony of the IAAF games in August last year which led to the arrangement of the progamme.The first group of students traveled to Daegu for an 18-day programme. During their stay in South Korea, the children stayed with families from the city, which gave them a holistic experience of education and lifestyle in the far east, besides giving them an insight into the educational system of these countries.Rotary world peace symposiumAarti Patil, principal of Vidyanchal School, Aundh, recently attended the Rotary World Peace Symposium, 2012 in Bangkok. This was a follow up to the Rotary peace fellowship programme which she attended in September 2010. All the peace fellows at Chulalongkorn University Bangkok and centres across the world were invited to share their ideas and thoughts.Patil is working on the syllabus of 'Peace Education' which can be inculcated in the school curriculum right from std V. \"If children are taught to 'think peacefully' and 'act peacefully' then they will face less problems when they grow up. We don't have to wait till we feel the unrest but can start taking precautions right from the early age,\" she said. At the end of the symposium Patil remarked, \"Eventually we all realize that we all do the same things, we resolve conflict but at different levels. But this programme was the actual understanding of the difference between peace-keeping, peace-building, and peace-making in our professional life.\"Vikhe Patil school collaborates with Swedish schoolVikhe Patil Memorial School has collaborated with Alvboda Friskola, Sweden, under the school twinning programme for global educational cooperation and strengthening of bilateral relationsAs part of the collaboration, the head master of Alvboda Friskola, Johan Sennerfeldt and two teachers Kristina Olsson-Soderhall and Pernilla Johannson recently visited Vikhe Patil Memorial School, Pune along with two students of their school- Filip and Linnea. They observed the functioning of the school and also spoke about the Swedish school system.This year, Bharati Kudchadker, as the international coordinator of the Vikhe Patil Foundation, visited Alvboda Friskola for a fortnight and observed the functioning of the school and interacted with the students there. In May, the vice principal Kiran Jadhav and the mathematics teacher Jyothi Menon, accompanied by five students- Devesh Narayanan, Namrata Singh, Harshvardhan Bapat, Ameya Gokhale and Ruchi Panchnadikar visited Alvboda Friskola and witnessed first hand the teaching methodology and way of life of students there. The areas of collaboration were mainly in mathematics, environment and mental health.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14042757", "title": "Pragjyotish College forms from today", "text": "GUWAHATI: Pragjyotish College, one of the oldest educational institutions in the city, will issue forms for the three-year degree courses (TDC) in the science, arts and commerce streams along with BBA and BCA courses from Tuesday.The college is gearing up for the admission process, which is set to commence from June 21. While the admission for the TDC science first semester will begin on June 21, admission in the arts section will start from June 22. June 18, 19, 20 and 27 are the last dates for submission of forms for TDC science, TDC arts, BCom, BBA and BCA respectively. As far as the selection process is concerned, Pragjyotish College divides the three streams into two sections, i.e. A and B, depending on the marks obtained by the students.The admissions for the science stream for both A and B sections will commence from June 21. The admission date for TDC arts section B is June 25. For TDC commerce (first semester), admission for both the sections will begin from June 23.For the BBA and BCA courses, the admissions will be on June 30. \"There are a total of 300 seats in the TDC courses, 150 each in the two sections. There are around 25 to 30 seats for majors. The number of seats varies across departments. It may be mentioned that the BCom course is self-financing along with the BBA and BCA courses. We mostly follow a merit-based system while giving due credit to meritorious students. For BBA and BCA, there are around 30 to 36 seats,\" said Parmananda Majumdar, convener, admission department of Pragjyotish College.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14035053", "title": "CBI wants Shehla case to be tried in Indore", "text": "Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on Monday opposed the plea of the five accused in RTI activist Shehla Masood murder case to transfer the case to Bhopal under section 177 of CrPC before the special CBI court. Accused Zaheda Parvez, her accomplice Saba Farooqui, history-sheeter Saquib 'Danger,' shooters Irfaan Ali and Tabish Khan were produced before the judge Dr Shubhra Singh.CBI counsel Hemant Shukla said, CBI special court of Indore has power and jurisdiction to hear the case and that the case should not be transferred to Bhopal. To supplement his argument he gave four instances including one that of 2003 Madhya Pradesh High Court where the cases were heard by the special court away from the place of crime. Shukla argued that section 14 (3) of CrPC 1978 has amended section 177 and empowered the special court to hear cases. In this case, as initial hearing was held in Indore and charge-sheet was also filed here, the trial should also be continued in Indore.However, the defense counsel of all the accused together argued that under section 177 of CrPc, hearing of the case should be held in the place of crime. \"Crime was committed in Bhopal, investigation took place in Bhopal, all the witnesses are from Bhopal so the case should also be shifted to that city as per the law,\" said defense lawyer Sunil Shirivastav adding that the families of accused are staying in Bhopal and they have to face inconvenience. He stressed that there are certain things beyond law which need to be considered on humanitarian grounds.Another defense lawyer Y Khan said that several cases are registered against some of the accused in Bhopal and their families too stay in the state capital. Thus, for the convenience of the accused, the court hearing should be shifted to state capital, he reasoned. In his reply, the defense lawyers sought time from the court and will present their argument during the next hearing scheduled for Friday, June 15.Advocate Memon to appeal for re-investigationBagish K JhaIn a new twist to Shehla Masood murder case, the father of slain RTI activist, Sultan Masood, have contested the charge-sheet filed by the CBI. He met famous criminal lawyer advocate Majeed Memon in Mumbai recently with a copy of charge-sheet and alleged that the investigating agency had been protecting BJP MLA Dhruvnarayan Singh and wanted the case to be re-investigated by other officials. The MLA's name came up several times in the course of investigation and had to undergo lie-detector test following allegations against him in the case.Talking to TOI over phone from Mumbai, advocate Memon said he would appear before the court on behalf of the Masood family and appeal to re-investigate the case. It is not a matter of a family, but is related to the security of common man and the matter of law and order in Madhya Pradesh, he said.It seems that the CBI has investigated the case with a view to protecting Dhruvnarayan, who was central character in entire episode, but was not even listed as the witness in the charge-sheet.More than 145 witnesses have been enlisted in the charge-sheet by the CBI. \"Beside this, the call details of Shehla were not submitted to the court which could have thrown light on the case,\" Memon said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14037075", "title": "Man gets death for sodomizing, killing boy", "text": "NAGPUR: The sight was shocking even for the doctor who regularly conducts post-mortem examinations. Two-and-a-half year old Golu had been sodomized and brutally murdered. His body was stuffed in a gunny bag. Both his hands and a leg were tightly tied with a jute rope and a white cloth was stuffed in his mouth.The perpetrator of this crime, Chandrashekhar Shriram Atram, was sentenced to death by a sessions court on Monday.This special court for child abuse victims under additional sessions judge GJ Akarte also convicted Atram, in his late twenties, for sodomy and kidnapping. He was sentenced to lifer on two counts and rigorous imprisonment of seven years along with a fine of Rs 4,000. Vinod Chawre of Gittikhadan police station conducted investigations into the case while additional public prosecutor Jyoti Vajani pleaded for the prosecution.According to Vajani, Atram, a native of Madhya Pradesh, was known to the Golu's parents, Ganesh and Geeta Chaudhary, residents of Surendragarh near Hazaripahad. The couple also has a 10-year-old daughter Pinky. Atram and Ganesh were menial workers and used to live in the same locality. On May 14, 2010, Atram lured Golu with chocolates when he was playing with other children. His mother saw Atram taking the kid on the bicycle.When Golu didn't return after some time, his parents lodged a complaint with police station after which Atram was quizzed by the police. Initially, he tried to mislead the cops by telling them that he had sold the kid to a childless couple in Gondia. He finally cracked under sustained interrogation and took the police to a place under the bridge near Katol Road where he had dumped Golu's body. The brutality can be gauged from the fact that out of 21 injuries on the body, 11 were from the tightly bound rope. Post mortem reports confirmed sodomy with injuries to private parts and death due to strangulation.The trial began after a charge sheet was filed where 11 witnesses deposed. Vajani pointed out that the accused had planned the act well in advance and had purchased the jute rope from the grocery store. The court had reserved the sentence a few days back and declared punishment on the basis of strong circumstantial evidence.Vajani felicitatedThe district government's pleader office felicitated additional public prosecutor Jyoti Vajani on Monday for successfully pleading the case which resulted in accused getting death penalty. This was her third case where she was pleaded successfully for capital punishment to such rape accused. Earlier, her strong pleading led to gallows for Vasanta Dupare for raping and murdering four-year-old Muskan from Wadi on April 3, 2008, and paedophile serial killer Anil Anthony who sodomized and murdered a 10-year-old Lakhan Vaidya on January 12, 2008. She was feted by former DGP Prashant Sathianathan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14042527", "title": "Hike in water tariff leaves people upset", "text": "MYSORE: The five-fold rise in water tariff has brought Mysoreans on the streets. With no roll back in sight, citizens' fora have no option but to oppose the move.The government has issued an order to hike water tariff in all cities and towns except Bangalore. But the \"unilateral decision\" to hike the tariff is making Mysoreans pay a minimum charge of Rs 175 for 8,000 litres (it was Rs 65 to 25,000 litres earlier). Citizen Committee Co-ordination Forum member H R Bapu Satyanarayan said MCC, in spite of promising 24-hour water supply in the city, has been supplying only for 2-3 hours. \"Every individual should be given 135 litres of water free per day, and should be charged if (s)he uses any quantity above that. Also, the MCC has hiked the tariff almost five times of an essential commodity, which is unjust.\"Earlier, the bill for 25,000 litres of water usage had cost Rs 70, including UGD charge. But it has been cut down to 8,000 litres now. \"On an average, an individual uses 25,000 litres, which cost him/ her Rs 350 to 400,\" he said.Another member Ravi said: \"Hitherto, I paid Rs 156 for 42,000 litres. With the revised rate, I will have to pay Rs 777 for 50,000 litres.\" He alleged that MCC is trying privatize water supply. \"In the first level, billing and meter works have been handed over to Jusco...\"\"Talks with all-party leaders on water rate have not yielded any results. They just nod to our complaints, but escape when unjust policies are imposed on people,\" he criticized.When contacted, Mysore mayor Rajeshewari justified the hike, saying: \"I have told to roll back the water rates. The issue will be addressed in the upcoming council meeting.\" She denied that 12% interest would be imposed on people if they fail to pay the bill on time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "14039371", "title": "Auxiliary nurse midwives attempt mass suicide on tracks in Barmer", "text": "JAISALMER: Around 25 ANMs ( Auxiliary Nurse Midwives) along with their children aged one to two years sat on the railway track to commit suicide in Barmer on Monday afternoon protesting against the medical department for not relieving them even after they have been transferred.Railway police tried its best to remove them from the tracks as a train was almost a few kilometres away. After they failed to convince the ANMs, the administration was forced to stop the train and then forcefully evict them from the track. The drama continued for an hour.A few days ago, more than a thousand ANMs had applied for postings to their home towns or places of preference and had received transfer orders. In Barmer district, 84 ANMs were transferred on May 31 and they have been pleading with the health department and district collector to relieve them, but the administration was not giving them relieving orders.Exhausted by apathy, 25 ANMs made an application to the medical department warning that if they are not relieved, they would commit suicide on the railway track.Finding the department unmoved by their request, the ANMs sat on the railway tracks 10 minutes before a train was scheduled to pass through the stretch. A large number of people gathered at the spot.When the train approached, even then they did not move. The administration was forced to stop the train. After that the administration forcefully and by persuading cleared the ANMs from the track and the train passed.The administration officer asked these ANMs to come to office of district collector, but they did not agree to leave the railway tracks. After an hour, the police took them to the district collectorate. The ANMs said if the department does not relieve them they would again take some big step.On this entire incident, Barmer sub-division officer R C Devasi said, \"We got information that a few ANMs were sitting on the railway track and were not vacating the place. Even when a train approached they did not move from the tracks. Therefore, the train had to be stopped. These ANMs were removed and then the train passed. The train stopped for five minutes.\" According to Devasi, discussions were going on to relieve them as soon as possible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14043629", "title": "Bangalore Club gets new president", "text": "BANGALORE: General elections of Bangalore Club were held on Monday, where members elected persons for various posts. Feroz Sattar Sait was unopposedelected as president of the club and MK Chidambaranath as the vice-president.Sunita Kumar Siddanna, PV Jayashankar, Ajay Toshniwal, CN Kumar, T Kengal Murthy, GV Radhakrishnan and KC Jain were elected as committee members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14035022", "title": "Private school may face the music for selling books", "text": "BHOPAL: The district administration is learnt to be mulling action against a prominent convent school of the city for allegedly selling books and stationery to school children from a gurdwara premises close the school in violation of collector's orders.District education officer CM Upadhyay said, \"The district administration has sought suggestion on the matter. The report would be sent back to the district collector in a couple of days. It will invite action.\"On March 19, a private book seller was found selling school books and stationery to students from a gurudwara premises near the St Joseph's Convent, Idgah Hills.This was a violation of the orders given by the collector to the principals of private schools at a meeting with them towards the beginning of the year, wherein they were reportedly told to issue book lists and not to sell books and note-books privately.District education officer (DEO) C M Upadhyay had reached the gurdwara near the school to find around 500 students and parents waiting in the queue. The parents also said students were informed about the date of selling books and stationery.After inspection, it was found that the book-list was also not provided to the DEO office on time, sources said. The DEO had then served a notice on the school management, the reply to which was found unsatisfactory, sources said.When contacted, Sister Lilly, principal, said she was not aware of the matter.Collector Nikunj Shrivastava said, \"This is a violation of Section 144 of the CrPc (prohibitive orders). The school would be prosecuted against under Section 188 of the IPC (disobedience to order duly promulgated by public servant).\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14053195", "title": "Emotional wellness center in Bangalore helps people fight stress, anxiety and phobia", "text": "BANGALORE: Suhani Rajagopal, 15, is a brilliant student when it comes to Mathematics and Science, but talk about Kannada, her mother tongue and she starts sweating. She had almost developed a phobia of learning Kannada. Although, she could speak and read the language well, she could not write it, which was affecting her overall academic performance.Suhani's mother Chaitya (both names changed), a banker had heard of brain conditioning or emotional wellness therapy by MyndGenie from one of her colleagues. She decided to take Suhani for the therapy before her SSLC exams and what followed was almost unbelievable! Suhani's command over the language improved, so did her confidence. This happened during just one-hour session with a therapist at MyndGenie's clinic in Whitefield.The chain of clinic started in six cities in India including Bangalore, Delhi and Mumbai about four months back helps the clients clearing various types of mental blocks. Says V Bharathwaj, Founder and CEO, MyndGenie: \"This is a scientific therapy by which we change the pattern of thoughts generated by a human brain. The therapy was first practiced in California in USA in 1970s and is picking up popularity in India.\"In 6 power-packed hours of the session, participants can reshape their minds, reprogram themselves, destroy their fears, break their limits and live powerfully, said Bharathwaj. He explained that the therapy empowers participants to get into their best state of mind, anytime, any day, anywhere through 'Immersive Conditioning'. The participants can change the way the brain thinks and acts. They can overcome the problem within.Sharing his experience, Vejay Anand, President, Cafe Coffee Day said: \"In the corporate world, work stress is very common and it is important for me to be consistently in my peak state of mind. I applied the MyndGenie method for a specific issue that was causing stress. In about 5-7 minutes the stress vanished. I felt totally different. And the best part was that it did not come back to my mind anytime later. We all need some kind of coaching or guidance to deal with our problems and this program really helped me. I have gained professionally as well as personally.\"The objective of the programBreak any mental block that prevents one from achieving what they want at work or in personal life.Condition the mind to achieve specific goals.To be in peak state of performance and productivity at all times.Expert speak\"All psychotherapies are about changing the way a person thinks. Psychotherapy is to be dealt carefully. The person offering such a therapy has to be well trained to use it. Such therapies, if offered in a correct manner can be very useful in changing the person's mind or way of thinking.\"- Dr Shyam Bhat, Consultant Psychiatrist, Manipal Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14038309", "title": "Menino D'Souza takes charge as excise commissioner", "text": "PANAJI: Menino D'Souza took over as the new commissioner of excise on Monday replacing Jayadev Sarangi.D'Souza was earlier director of panchayats. His appointment comes soon after Sarangi was transferred by chief minister Manohar Parrikar in less than 15 days as commissioner of excise.Sarangi, an IAS officer , was posted to Goa by the Union home ministry and took charge on May 21.Sources say the reason for his sudden transfer was the issuing of orders transferring excise inspectors and sub-inspectors who had completed a year at the same excise station. Four women officials were also posted at the excise stations for the first time. While the orders were kept in abeyance by the officiating director in Sarangi's absence, some lament that women will now lose out on the opportunity to be posted at excise stations.Sources in the department reveal that Sarangi had planned to drastically improve and streamline the functioning of the excise department. They bemoaned that the efficient officer had fallen prey to political interference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14042607", "title": "Vegetables prices soar in Mysore", "text": "MYSORE: Carrots? Beans? Many are cutting down on these two vegetables as their prices have gone up by more than Rs 10 per kg in the last one week. The city is seeing a steep rise in the price of most vegetables.The menu at Anita Mahesh's home has changed ever since the prices of vegetables have gone up. Pulses now replace vegetables. \"Children love to munch carrots. But we have cut down on carrot and other leafy vegetables due to the price hike,'' said Anita. She has seen a Rs150 to Rs200 increase in the food budget.For Bhanupriya, a resident of Kuvempunagar who lives in a joint family, soaring vegetable prices have led to some major adjustments. She said: \"I have to keep check even on the nutrients and have to ensure that children get enough nutritious food.\"It is not just households, even students are feeling the pinch. For Kusuma S, an %engineering student, managing her pocket money has become difficult due to the increase of food rates at the college canteen and restaurants. \"We friends used to have lunch at restaurants frequently but now we have cut it to once a fortnight. We carry food from home to college now,'' she said.Dry spell last month and export of vegetables to other states have hit the vegetable sellers in the city. \"Vegetables are coming in small quantity to the market. We are receiving one bag of vegetables where we used to receive three,\" said Charan, a shopkeeper at the city market.\"Prices are likely to increase every day due to less supply. Rate of carrots and beans have increased steeply compared to last week\" says Lingarju, a vendor.``The sale of vegetables has decreased while of %fruits has remained constant,'' said Vivek, Manager of Reliance Fresh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14043440", "title": "Kochi Metro likely to get central nod this week", "text": "KOCHI: If all goes well, Kochi Metro will get the much-awaited Central sanction this week. The project was tabled before the Union cabinet on Friday, and Kochi Metro Rail Limited (KMRL), which has been battling to get the green signal, is keeping its fingers crossed.\"It will be too early to speak on the outcome of the cabinet decision. And there is this incubation period during which no observations will be made,\" said KMRL managing director Tom Jose.And while metro awaits permission, the district administration has informed that the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) would complete the construction of the North Railway Overbridge (ROB) in October. Though DMRC had earlier stated it would be able to finish the work by July, its preparatory work was affected owing to delay in acquiring land.Addressing the media here on Monday, district collector P I Sheik Pareeth said the procedures for acquiring land for the preparatory works of the metro would be completed in a month's time.\"As the Centre is expected to grant approval soon, the state government has decided to speed up the land acquisition proceedings. Though there are disputes with landowners regarding the value of the land, steps have been initiated to solve this issue,\" he said.Pareeth said the State Level Purchase Committee had approved the value of the land acquired for construction of the North ROB and the Salim Rajan ROB. The money will be handed over to owners within a week.\"The administration has also resolved disputes associated with widening of the Vyttila-Peta Road. It has been decided that wherever possible, the road will have a width of 30 meters, and at certain locations, its width will be limited to 26 meters. And depending on availability, land will be acquired to provide parking facilities,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "14036491", "title": "Why government ousted NGO worker from J&K;", "text": "SRINAGAR: Walking towards the immigration counter at the Indira Gandhi Airport on a cool March day, Usmaan Raheem Ahmad, a plump, pleasant-faced US citizen, had little idea of what awaited him. An Intelligence Bureau team whisked him aside to give him the news: his Indian visa stood cancelled and he was to be put on the next flight to the US.The next few hours at the airport went by in a flurry of calls: from senior politicians in Srinagar to top bureaucrats and journalists in Delhi. One by one they reported back, they could do nothing. The decision to deport Usmaan had been taken at the \"highest levels\".It was a sudden fall for a man who since December 2005 had led a charmed life in Kashmir. Usmaan Rahim ran an American NGO, Mercy Corps, in Srinagar. He was a bit of a mystery \u2014 an American citizen who claimed Kashmiri ancestry. He was said to be close to chief minister Omar Abdullah and police officials, broke bread with Hurriyat leaders and had a special interest in potato and bee farming.The story of his arrival here had a tinge of romance: a long lost Kashmiri, a graduate of the Fletcher School of Diplomacy, Tufts University, rushed here in the wake of the 2005 Kashmir earthquake and then stayed back. What many did not know was that Usmaan's association with Kashmir was slightly more complex and certainly older.Usmaan first visited Kashmir in 1996, when militancy was at its peak. He was busy surveying old monuments and temples for his graduate course in Kashmiri archaeology. In that time what seems to have impressed Usmaan was the \"Kashmiri cause\", so that by the time he graduated in 1999, he became a member of the \"Council for Independent Kashmir\", travelling across the US and Europe giving speeches and interviews.\"Farooq Abdullah is a puppet of the Indian imperial state, the front man of the Indian loot of Kashmir,\" read one interview. By 2001, he had moved on to the JKLF and, at one speaking engagement, was listed as \"an executive member of the diplomatic bureau of the Jammu and Kashmir Liberation Front\".When he tried to visit Kashmir again around this time, he was denied a visa \u2014 a fact covered in some detail by the New York Times, which profiled him in a report titled, \"Kashmir Champion finds pitfalls to peace\". The next few years went by in much the same way, in between completing his graduation in conflict management.Usmaan continued to serve the \"Kashmir cause\", chaperoning separatist leaders on their US visits. In an article published in 2005, he reused material from an older piece written in 2003, extolling Maqbool Bhatt as a later day Martin Luther King.All that changed quite suddenly after the earthquake of October 2005. By December, Usmaan was finally able to re-enter Kashmir, this time as founder member of the \"Kashmir Earthquake Relief\".The reinvention of Usmaan had begun. Over the next few years, he dabbled in a bewildering array of activities. In 2007, he starred in a documentary by an Israeli, in which he's described as an American-born Kashmiri \"who returned to his homeland and promotes youth culture, sports teams and theatre.\" By 2009, he was heading Mercy Corps, an American NGO that specializes in working in conflict areas.But it was the upheaval of 2010 that helped Usmaan ratchet up his profile. Bewildered by the unprecedented mobilization on the streets, the Indian government reached out to anyone who promised to de-radicalize or divert this \"Conflict Generation\". Sources say Usmaan was one of those who promised help.By the summer of 2011, Mercy Corps had announced a new flagship scheme, \"Youth Entrepreneurship\", to promote economic development and offer economic opportunities to the youth.Hotels across Srinagar were suddenly playing host to groups of American and British \"economists and professors\" holding classes for stone pelters one day and junior police officials the next.It was here that the first red flag went up in New Delhi. As summer turned to autumn, one of the foreign delegations held negotiation classes for separatist leaders.One eyewitness described the interaction: \"The foreign professors pretended to play Indian government negotiators dealing with the separatist leaders to settle the Kashmir issue. It was a no-holds- barred session with a lot of shouting and a point-by-point rebuttal of every position the Hurriyat takes on Kashmir. Bit by bit, the real issues came up: what the Hurriyat would settle for, how much leeway they were willing to give the Indians? Then they were coached on how to maximise their advantages... It struck me as a strange thing for an NGO to do.\"The investigations were led from Delhi. \"'We thought that some of Usmaan's contacts in the American embassy were not what they claimed to be. It was a thorough investigation spread over many months. Why do you think the Americans and the NGO are so quiet? They know the truth,\" says a top source.Not a single paper in the Valley reported the deportation. Nor did any politician or Mercy Corps publicly raise a voice against it. MHA, too, wasn't very vocal about the uncovering of an US agent, as it characterizes the case. Perhaps the fact that Usmaan had successfully managed to cultivate top ministry officials is an embarrassing detail it would much rather hide. In an email to this reporter, Usmaan refused to comment on his deportation, promising that he'd be back in Kashmir soon. If he manages to do that, it would be yet another remarkable chapter in what has been a very interesting life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14051232", "title": "Rajini-Kamal to grace Ram Charan Teja\u2019s marriage", "text": "The much awaited Tollywood star Ram Charan Teja's marriage with Upasana Kamineni, is going on in full swing. Well, it is heard that the marriage will be attended not only by the bigwigs of Tollywood but also the stars from Southern film industries and Btown. The buzz is that Rajinikanth and Kamal Hassan , the close friends of Chiranjeevi and many notable names of Kollywood have been invited for the grand ceremony. It is said that the superstars will be gracing the wedding and the marriage reception to be held at Hyderabad International Convention Center, Madhapur, Hyderabad on June 14. While, Ram Charan Teja is Tollywood heart throb and actor turned politician Chiranjeevi's son. Ram Charan Teja serves as the board of directors of Maa Tv. Upasana Kamineni is the Vice President of Apollo Philanthropy, Executive Director of Apollo Life and Editor BPositive Magazine.She is the eldest daughter of Mr Anil &amp; Shobana Kamineni, who are into the business of Infrastructure, Leisure and Healthcare. Source: cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14037782", "title": "N D Agarwal pushes for public-friendly governance", "text": "MARGAO: In an attempt to provide a friendlier administration to the public, South Goa district collector N D Agarwal said he intends on undertaking public participation programmes for the purpose.\"Faith should be developed so that people know that the administration is sensitive and that when they visit our offices, their work can be done quickly and efficiently without the usual perceived problems,\" said Agarwal, who has started maintaining a register of people who visit him. The collector and district magistrate have started calling up people who visit them as late as 10.30pm to update them on the progress of their appeals.He said that the response has been phenomenal and that the same model should be followed in all public offices. Agarwal further stated that besides the register, they have started accessing feedback forms which members of the public can now fill up at boxes kept at the mamlatdar offices. \"We came to know what problems they face and we try and look into it,\" said Agarwal, while pointing out that recently they complained over the non-availability of drinking water at the mamlatdar office in Canacona and appealed for a drinking water facility to be set up.\"We also get to know what initiatives are appreciated by the public such as the token system at the mamlatdar offices,\" added Agarwal, while speaking to TOI on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "14042143", "title": "Madhu the best, Shabbir the fastest", "text": "DHARWAD: Madhu S and Shabbir A R from Bangalore emerged the 'best' and 'fastest' rider/driver respectively in the second round of the state-level autocross championship organized by Bangalore-based VASA Autosports in Dharwad on Sunday.The venue near Akkamahadevi Ashram near Tapobhoomi on the Haliyal road gave a memorable start for Yuva Kumar in the Novice class, who was successful in keeping Sharath Kumar behind him and came first. While Ganesh tried a couple of times to go past Sharath and finally fell short of laps and finished third.In the Expert class, it was a straight win for the experienced Madhu, who continued his good form while Syed Anees tried desperately to reach out to him.He had to settle for the second place while his team mate Lathif Shariff had to content with the third spot.In the local boys' category, Jalani Subedar was the straight winner from the word 'go' while Ajeet Salimath and Pranesh A Laxmeshwar finished subsequently.Dhruva treat to watchYoung Druva from Bangalore, who has entered this championship in the Novice class, was a real threat to the professional drivers and finished third. While Syed Salman managed to hold on to the second place. However, it was a wonderful day out for Lokesh Gowda who won the class with over half a second lead.In the Indian Open class, there was lot of improvement in terms of timing while Shabbir clocked the fastest timing of the day and Syed Salman from Mysore finished just one second late to him. RD Patel tried desperately but could manage to finish third.In the 1250cc class, Baban Khan topped the table followed by local lad Saleem Sanholi in the second spot. Ajay A Magdum too came out with a wonderful show but had tobe content with the third spot despite a flat tyre in the last lap.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14039460", "title": "Cartoon row: 28 held for burning NCERT book", "text": "COIMBATORE: Twenty eight activists of the Periyar Dravidar Kazhagam (PDK) were arrested on Monday for burning copies of NCERT books that carried the controversial cartoon on anti-Hindi agitations. Leaders of major political parties and Tamil nationalist outfits had objected to a cartoon that illustrated the chapter, Politics In India, Since Independence, in the political science text book designed for Class 12 students, which they felt ridiculed the agitation. The PDK protest demanded that the Centre removed the cartoon from the school books. They also burnt copies of the cartoons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14038671", "title": "\u2018Saudis mum on Fasih arrest\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: The mystery over the whereabouts of Indian national, alleged terror suspect Fasih Mehmood continues to deepen with the Union government telling the Supreme Court on Monday that the Saudi Arabian authorities had neither confirmed nor denied \"arresting him\".Additional solicitor general Gourab Banerji informed a bench of Justices K S Radhakrishnan and J S Khehar that despite intense diplomatic efforts both in New Delhi and Riyadh, the Saudi Arabia's \"official response is neither a confirmation nor a denial\".Fasih's wife Nikhat Parveen had alleged that Saudi Arabian Police accompanied by plain-clothed Indian intelligence personnel had arrested him from their Al Jubair residence on May 13 and since then there had been no news of him except a single brief phone call conveying that he had been arrested.But her counsel said his services were terminated and his accounts with the firm settled a day after the arrest. She requested the ministry of external affairs to intensify efforts in tracing her husband's whereabouts.Banerji said he expected some kind of a breakthrough in the diplomatic efforts in the next two weeks and the court adjourned hearing on the matter till July.The CBI, as Interpol member, had on May 30 issued a red corner notice against Fasih. The notice said that Fasih's name surfaced during investigations into the blasts allegedly triggered by Indian Mujahideen at Pune's German Bakery on February 13, 2010, two blasts in Bangalore \u2014 one at the Chinnaswamy Stadium and the other at the office of additional director general of police \u2014 on April 17, 2010, and the Jama Masjid shootout and blast in Delhi on September 19, 2010.It alleged: \"During the course of (Bangalore blasts) investigation, seven people were arrested and interrogated. They voluntarily confessed that they along with Fasih Mehmood and other absconders belong to banned outfit Indian Mujahideen....The absconding accused Fasih Mehmood is an active member of Indian Mujahideen since 2003. At present, the absconding accused Fasih Mehmood is hiding in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14035666", "title": "Villagers move State Human Rights Commission against micro finance institutions", "text": "HYDERABAD: Villagers of Vallabhapuram in Guntur district moved the State Human Rights Commission (SHRC) on Monday alleging harassment and exploitation by micro finance institutions. They accused B Prakash Reddy, M Sai Reddy, T Vasu Reddy, K Uday Reddy and Vinod Reddy of charging abnormal interest rates and harassing the victims to pay up more even after clearing the loans. They feared threat to their lives from the moneylenders and sought police protection.Admitting the case, the commission directed the superintendent of police, Guntur district, to conduct an enquiry and submit a report by July 16. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14038220", "title": "Civic body 'ignores' housing society", "text": "MUMBAI: With monsoons round the corner, residents of Sindhi Immigrants cooperative housing society in Chembur fear a rough ride ahead. Residents say the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) has ignored their society for decades, yet civic officials claim they will attend to the work soon.Narendra Barde, assistant municipal commissioner, M-west, said, \"We have received complaints from the society, and we are looking into the matter. We have surveyed roads in the complex and should complete minor repairs by June 19.\"The residents, however, are not convinced as contractors appointed by BMC have done a shoddy job. F N Vazirani, a society member, told TOI, \"The contractors only repair the road for the sake of it, realizing that they work on it once again the next season. In the past, whatever repairs they had undertaken have not made any difference, as it washes away after a downpour.\"Vazirani also complained of open drains. \"Many manhole covers are missing and pose a grave danger to residents.\" Water leaking from the drains tends to weaken roads in the area, eroding the bitumen used by the civic body.Many residents also complained that the only work that has happened was when senior BJP leader L K Advani visited the society 10 years ago. \"Road number one and two were resurfaced only because Advani had come for a visit,\". But our complaints to the BMC fall on deaf ears,\" said Mohan Bakhru, a resident.A civic official told TOI that extensive repairs would be possible after the monsoons, in October. He said, \"We do not have enough time to do extensive repairs on the roads, so we shall only repair parts of the road that are in need of urgent attention. But in October we plan to conduct major repairs.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14044280", "title": "Hyderabad for kids: Giving a smart twist to lessons", "text": "HYDERABAD: A day after the ICSE results came out this year, one of the top schools in the city put up a thank you note addressed to a smart classrooms solutions company. The note attributed the school's 100 per cent pass success to the smart classroom which they implemented recently. In Hyderabad, the new in thing in the education sector is smart classrooms with their touch screens and e-learning solutions. While five years ago, just the plain old blackboard was key to every child's success, today learning is much more than just classroom instructions and study tours. Gone are the days when students waited for the rare occasion when the teacher decided to use the Over Head Projector (OHP) or bring charts and models to class.'Smart classes and 'E learning' have now become the new buzzwords among city schools as many of them are installing this technology in their class rooms. A smart class is one which has a computer with internet access installed in the room along with a screen connected to the computer which displays the information on the monitor to the entire class. The package may include a hi-tech touch board on which the teacher can write using a stylus or use it to modify or edit the images being displayed. The set-up also allows teachers to save lessons and notes on a database which can then be accessed by students online even at home.Of about 60 CBSE and ICSE schools in the city over 70 per cent use e-learning solutions to pep up their classroom lectures. The whole school learning package includes air-conditioned smart classrooms with easy to access online or computerised learning content, homework which is sent via e-mails and in some cases education tablets. Though parents' opinion on high tech classrooms is divided, tech gurus say that e-learning is the future of education in the country and Hyderabad too is slowly getting there. Enrolment figures of some of the city schools bear a testimony to the tech lessons. \"There has been a 15 per cent increase in admissions after we took to smart classrooms. Some parents look for schools which offer the same,\" said an official of a private school in the city. In the past five years Narayana Group of Institutions and Sri Chaitanya Group of Institutions launched a chain of techno schools. In a state which produces at least three rank holders in the top ten of IIT-Joint Entrance Examination (IIT-JEE) every year, now JEE coaching is being given in AC classrooms. \"We decided to launch e-classrooms where coaching for competitive examinations is given in an e-capsule format which is rich in concepts and animate with interactive features,\" said D V Rao, a senior official from Narayana Group of Institutions.As the iconic black board and chalk are gradually being replaced by touch boards and LED screens in city schools, principals and teachers claim there is a visible improvement in the students' performance and involvement levels. Seetha Kiran, principal of DAV Public School Safilguda said, \"It helps children visualise and understand the concepts in a much better way. This kind of learning is permanent. I myself have noticed an increase in their confidence levels when it comes to making power point presentations in class, and in the quality of their projects.\" The age old techniques of shouting \"Silence\" or hitting the board eraser to the table to grab student's attention too has become redundant thanks to this technology. She added, \"Children are now more attentive in classes too, they are not easily distracted and ask more questions.\" Talking about the impact on teachers, Mogali Varalakshmi, principal of Jubilee Hills Public School said, \"I was a teacher in a city school earlier and I remember how we had to struggle with fixing the chalk in the large compass for geometry classes; we needed to carry charts, maps and other material to the class every day. But this technology has made it much easier.\" She added, \"There is around 25 per cent to 50 per cent improvement in students' performance after we installed the smart classrooms around three years ago. Children are now coming forward with presentations to make in class on their own.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14035197", "title": "22 panchayat clerks suspended for financial fraud", "text": "MADURAI: Twenty-two panchayat clerks have been placed under suspension on alleged charges of financial irregularities, which came to light during the audit inspection of the local bodies for the year 2011 - 2012.According to sources, the audit for panchayats for the year 2011 - 2012 showed gross irregularities in financial transactions in these local bodies. The charges against them included releasing cheques in personal names and purchasing things without quotations. The clerks from various panchayat unions like one from the Kallikudi union and three from Usilampatti had indulged in similar misappropriations.Showcause notices have also been issued to the presidents and vice-presidents of these panchayats in this regard. The irregularities are estimated to run into crores of rupees. Sources said that the AD panchayats had also cancelled the cheque signing powers of six of these panchayat presidents with immediate effect and that the block development officers would take care of the implementation of the works in these panchayats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14044643", "title": "Spy in sky: Tech giants peeping into your room", "text": "LONDON: You think technology has made life easier, safe and secure. Think again. For US tech giants are using military-grade cameras so powerful that they can see into homes to produce aerial maps which can show up objects just four inches wide.Google and Apple will use new hi-tech mapping planes that can film through skylights and windows, putting privacy at risk, the Daily mail reported.The technology is similar to that used by intelligence agencies in identifying terrorist targets in Afghanistan , the report said. The military-grade images are taken at a height of around 1,600 ft, meaning people below are very unlikely to realise they are being photographed. The cameras can be installed on planes, helicopters or even unmanned drones.Google has admitted to having sent planes over cities, while Apple has acquired a firm using spy-in-the-sky technology that has been tested on at least 20 locations, including London .The search engine giant will use its spy planes to help create 3D maps with much more detail than its satellite-derived Google Earth images. Google expects by the end of the year to have 3D coverage of towns and cities with a combined population of 300million. It has not revealed any locations so far.Apple is expected to unveil its new mapping applications for its iPhone and other devices on Monday \u2014 along with privacy safeguards. Its 3D maps will reportedly show for the first time the sides of tall buildings, such as the Big Ben clock tower, the report said.Current 3D mapping technology relies on aerial images taken at a much lower resolution than the technology Apple is thought to be using. This means that when users 'zoom in', details tend to be lost because of the poor image quality.Spy planes are able to photograph around 40 square miles every hour, suggesting they would be flying too quickly and at too great a height to access domestic wifi networks. But experts say the technology is a sinister development that brings the surveillance society a step closer.Nick Pickles, director of Big Brother Watch, warned that privacy risked being sacrificed in a commercial 'race to the bottom'.\"The next generation of maps is taking us over the garden fence,\" he said. \"You won't be able to sunbathe in your garden without worrying about an Apple or Google plane buzzing overhead taking pictures,\" he warned. Apple has previously used Google for its mapping services but last year it emerged it had bought C3 Technologies, a 3D mapping company that uses technology developed by Saab AB , the aerospace and defence company. At the time C3 had already mapped 20 cities and it is believed to have added more with Apple's backing. Its photographs have been shot from 1,600ft and one C3 executive described it as 'Google on steroids'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14041334", "title": "Orphanage 'sexual abuse' victim does a volte-face", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A woman, who in 2009 had accused managing trustee of a city-based orphanage Byomokesh Tripathy of sexual abuse leading to his arrest, on Monday sought the arrest of three social activists, who forced her to make the \"false\" allegation against Tripathy.The woman Deepika Barik, who was cook at the orphanage, sat on an indefinite hunger strike on Mahatma Gandhi Marg alleging that the police is shielding the trio - Rutuparna Mohanty, Parbati Patra and Debasri Brahma.\"I was threatened to make the false allegation under duress. I had lodged an FIR against the trio at Mahila police station on October 4, 2010 seeking their arrest. But the police is not touching them as they are very influential,\" Barik told mediapersons.Basing upon her complaint, police had then registered cases against Mohanty, Patra and Brahma. Barik alleged that she was earlier falsely implicated in a case in May 2010 in Capital police area, leading to her arrest. \"On March 12, 2011, Mohanty attempted to kill me by hitting me with her car near Sainik School. Though I lodged FIR, police did not arrest her,\" Barik said. The accused rubbished her allegations. \"She is making trumped-up charges against me and two of my colleagues. I had rescued Barik from the clutches of Tripathy. Now she has joined hands with Tripathy and is trying to defame me. She even turned hostile in court,\" Mohanty said. \"I never tried to kill her. I am a social activist, not a killer. She is trying to protect Tripathy, who is facing trial in court,\" Mohanty said. \"We are verifying Barik's allegations,\" a police officer said. One platoon of police force has been deployed at the site of Barik's strike .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "14038411", "title": "SAD lost all five wards where Majithia held rallies", "text": "JALANDHAR: It has become clear from the results of Jalandhar Municipal Corporation elections that campaigning by \"star campaigner senior leaders\" of parties does not help improve the prospects of candidates, even as parties manage to bring in crowds for their rallies.Youth Akali Dal president and revenue minister Bikram Singh Majithia had held rallies in five wards and party had lost in all these wards. In one ward, party slipped to fourth place where Majithia had held a rally.Majithia held rallies in ward nos. 8, 13, 37, 47 and 56 and party lost in all these wards, notwithstanding the fact that Majithia had reached the rallies with big cavalcades of vehicles by SAD leaders and sizeable crowds were gathered in his rallies.Deputy chief minister Sukhbir Singh Badal held rallies in seven wards. However, in a saving grace, SAD candidates won in three of these wards, while in four they lost. The one ward where both Majithia and Badal visited was ward no. 8, but the candidate finished fourth as two SAD rebels here polled more votes, while Congress candidate won the election.\"The visit by senior leaders cause more inconvenience to local leaders, who have to arrange the logistics and have then to bring in supporters even from other places to ensure good presence. MC elections are contested on local issues and personality of candidates remains the most important factor,\" said a SAD leader.Incidentally, Congress and BJP did not involve any \"star campaigner senior leader\" in the election.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14038360", "title": "Has the tourism industry adversely affected Goan culture?", "text": "Of course, tourism industry has adversely affected Goan culture as it has brought in a large number of foreigners to the state who sometimes bring various aspects of their culture along with them. Although it brings revenue, it also brings in substances like drugs which ruin the lives of our youth. It is very unfortunate that to attract more tourists we distort our culture and portray it in a manner which is liked by them. Goa's unique and distinct culture is simply not being displayed. Goan tourism has only focused on the beach side and eco-tourism is almost ignored. We hide the natural heritage of Goa which lies far away from the beaches in talukas like Sattari, Quepem, Canacona and Sanguem.Shridhar Kamat Bambolkardramatist, PondaTourism has certainly not affected our culture. Although we depend on tourism, our culture has still been protected as tourists go to villages to see folk dances, temples, churches and beaches. Because of foreign tourists our unique culture has still been maintained.Tamara Fernandesbusiness, Dona PaulaDefinitely not. Why should tourism affect our culture? Tourism is bringing in huge revenue to the state and the government should do its best to support and develop it. The youth are getting spoilt in every part of the world and we cannot blame tourists for this. We need to be within our limits and not get carried away.Bruno GomendesManaging director, travco holidays, MargaoThe portrayal of Goan tourism rather than tourism itself has adversely affected Goan culture in the state. With such a scandalous image being promoted, people come here with intentions assuming that the portrayal is true. Naturally, the youth in the area, being easily influenced, get carried away.Sunny DiasBusiness, Vasco", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14044232", "title": "Banks refuse to heed government plea on student defaulters", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Shini T M, hailing from Chathamangalam in the district, graduated in 2007 with more than just a nursing degree. She had a crippling debt of around Rs 3 lakh on her shoulders as she walked out of the self-financing nursing college in Bengaluru.Left without job for a year and toiling at various hospitals with salaries as low as Rs 1500 per month for the last three years, the daughter of a farm labourer has managed to repay just Rs 75,000 towards the loan amount.Neck deep in debt, she now faces the prospect of losing her family house as the bank has initiated loan recovery proceedings against her. Her case is now in court and Shini now has to shuttle between her workplace in Bengaluru and her home to attend the court hearings.Left with a growing debt, Shini has shelved even her marriage plans. \"How can I think of marriage when I have such a huge debt burden? I have a house to salvage and all other things in my life can wait,\" she said.Shini is not alone in this predicament. Thousands of students who have secured student loans from banks across the state are burdened with debt. Many are still receiving notices from banks despite the government requesting the banks not to take action on repayment of interest of loans taken during the 2003-2009 period.\"The banks have refused to heed the government request to suspend proceedings against loan defaulters for six months.Students and their parents have been getting notices and threats from banks even as recently as last week. Officials from a public sector bank in Balussery had approached a student on May 4 for recovery proceedings,\" said T C Mani Thalachira, Vice President of Education Loan Holders' Association.He said that the student loan sector requires stricter regulation by the government, as the banks were charging interests varying from 12 to 17%.\"The interest rates of educational loans are unrealistic and difficult to be repaid in the current job scenario. The government should take the initiative to bring down the interest rate to prevent the financial distress from claiming many lives just like the agrarian crisis,\" he added.Kerala leads the country in disbursement of education loans with as many as 3,17,904 students availing loans from banks as on December 31, 2011.According to state level bankers' committee estimates, the total sum outstanding in their accounts would work out to Rs 6,474.75 crore.Though the state government had announced in the last budget writing off of the interest on education loan availed by students between 2003 and 2009, it has not been able to reach an understanding with the banks, given the size of outstanding interest liability at stake.The Union government had already written off the interest on education loan availed by students from 2009 onwards during the maturity period of the loan.C P Mohandas, general manager of Federal Bank , said that the banks were yet to get the implementation orders on the six-month moratorium on action against defaults in educational loans. \"We have also not received the orders regarding the state government proposal to write off the interests of loans from 2003 to 2009,\" he added.The problems plaguing the student loan sector is not limited to just interest payments alone. The banks in the cooperative sector start charging interest for the loan immediately after the loan disbursement. \"My son took a loan of Rs 10 lakh for his BDS admissions from the Vengeri service cooperative bank in 2009 and we have been paying interest for the loan amount from the next day onwards. How can you except a student to start repaying the loan interest when he is still in college. Thousands of students who have taken educational loans from cooperative banks are denied the write off of interest payments announced by the central government,\" said Raghavan Nair, a native of Vengeri.C Sreedharan of Kunnamangalam whose daughter had taken a loan for her MCA course now has the additional burden of repaying the student loan as his daughter got married soon after completing the course. \"How can I ask my daughter and son-in-law to repay the loan? I have been without work for the last ten years following the closure of Kerala Soaps and Oils,\" he said, urging the government to honour the promise regarding waiving the interest of the loans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14036371", "title": "World bank team visits Hyderabad slums", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) has prepared a comprehensive plan to make Hyderabad a slum-free city within five years at an estimated cost of Rs12,054 crore.GHMC commissioner MT Krishna Babu on Monday gave a presentation on various schemes being taken up in slums to a World Bank team, including its advisor Patricia Annez, urban analyst Vasudha Thawakar and retired chief planner and WB consultant VK Phatak.The team visited some residential colonies constructed under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) at Phoolbagh (Basheerbagh), Unnikota (Musheerabad) and Chandranagar (Basheerbagh) and interacted with the beneficiaries.In his presentation, the commissioner said there were 1,476 slums in Greater Hyderabad of which 1,179 were notified. Of them, 985 slums were located in the core area (erstwhile MCH) covering around 66% of the total slum population 17,36,152 in the city and 491 slums in peripheral areas covering 34% of the population, he added. \"GHMC is planning to relocate 16 slums which are on tankbeds and flood-prone locations to protect the lakes from further encroachments by constructing bunds and developing greenery around them,\" Krishna Babu said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "14044236", "title": "Cops to crack the whip on traffic violators in Edappal", "text": "MALAPPURAM: After numerous complaints from the public, police have decided to crack the whip on traffic rule violators in Edappal.Changaramkulam SI Althaf Ali said vehicle movement in the town would be strictly monitored from Monday and a new parking system will be in effect to ease vehicle congestion.\"In addition a fine of Rs100, we will shift all the vehicles parked in 'no parking' zones to the police station,\" said the sub inspector. Owners will have to submit an application if they wish to get back their vehicles. Ali said that owners park their bikes in a cluttered fashion along roads and no parking zones leading to traffic snarls. Strict action will be taken against them, he warned.\"We have decided to rearrange the parking system at Pattambi Road and shift the street vendors here to another spot in the town,\" he said.In November 2011, a joint committee of Edappal police, Motor Vehicles Department (MVD), and panchayat officials had introduced a new parking system in Edappal.As part of the system 'no parking' areas were marked along all major roads. Traffic police had directed buses, plying on long routes, not to use the parking bays in Edappal bus stand. Special parking area was reserved for them in Thrissur Road.Vehicles carrying goods were directed to park in the special parking area near the Crescent Plaza.However, various trade organizations complained that motor vehicles department and traffic police were ineffective as many vehicles are still flouting rules. \"We will ensure that everybody follows our directive from Monday,\" said Ali.Meantime, Ponnani municipality has initiated steps to resolve the traffic problems at Chamravattom junction. The fish market at the junction would be shifted to a new spot.The municipality has issued notices to all street vendors here as part of the eviction process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14038721", "title": "4 sonography machines sealed", "text": "The BMC has inspected 342 sonography centres and 70 medical termination of pregnancy (MTP) centres and sealed four machines so far. In a bid to check female foeticide and illegal sex determination tests,The BMC had formed 24 teams to inspect centres last week. Five other MTP centres received notices for minor mistakes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14042492", "title": "506 new firms to create 65,000 jobs", "text": "MYSORE: The recently concluded Global Investors' Meet (GIM) has a lot to offer to Mysore with 506 new industries being proposed in the city.The city has four industrial areas with engineering, automobile and agriculture as the major industries. The new industries have signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) during the GIM. Large scale, micro manufacturing and small industries are the frontrunners among the industries. The new industries will generate 65,000 jobs with Rs 16,328-crore investment.\"Various proposed industries include agro-tech, electronic and hardware, energy and environment, infrastructure, automobile, health tourism, textile, tourism, educational hubs, animal and husbandry and other industries including small and microfinance industries,\" said Sudhakar Shetty, president, Mysore chamber of commerce and industries. Speaking to TOI, Shetty added: \"Most of the proposed industries belong to Mysore entrepreneurs, both large and small industries, and it will boost both industries and investors.\"Service and automobile giants like TCS and Honda too have shown interest to invest in industry. However, the hitch remains with connectivity issues including air and road services. Even the chief minister has taken note of the issue, said Shetty.\"GIM will not become a success in two days unless all the MoU-signed industries emerge in Mysore. DIC and KIADB has a major role to play with its continuous follow up with MoU-signed industries\" he asserted.Shetty expressed that Mysore has an advantage as it is in the centre of the state and free from riots and communal violence.Human resource is another advantage for investors in Mysore as there are 33,800 jobseekers, including 3,500 graudates, 2,700 ITIs and 3,730 diploma holders, he pointed.Shetty said that no further acquiring of land would be necessary as 2,794 acres land is sufficient for the industries. Even farmers came forward to give 5,500 acres of infertile land. Small scale industries will be given more preference as they consume less land and offer lot job opportunities, he added.Speaking about major industries emerging in Mysore, Shetty said textile, tourism, infrastructure, health and pharma sectors were given preference as they suited the region and were in demand. Health tourism, which includes yoga and other health practices, has more potential to the heritage city, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14037436", "title": "Strong winds fan Pallikaranai fire", "text": "CHENNAI: The fire that broke out at the 15-acre corporation dump yard in Pallikaranai triggered blazes in the nearby marshland on Friday, killing several birds and animals, and making life miserable for people.As strong winds fanned the flames, dry patches of the marshland caught fire. Forest officials said about 150 hectares of the marsh supports more than 100 bird species, animals and hundreds of species of endangered plants.Poor visibility has reduced traffic, while some motorists said they were forced to turn on their headlights during the day on the stretch where an average of 13,000 vehicles are said to cross every hour on week days. Several families have reportedly vacated their homes in the area. Four fire and rescue services units are finding it difficult to control the situation even after spraying several tonnes of water. \"A strong wind is fanning the fire and the thick smoke has engulfed the marshland area and the residential colonies behind,\" said a fire services officer. \"We can only stop it from further spreading. It's a vast area and only rain will help douse it completely,\" he said.The fire, a usual phenomenon during summer, appears stronger this time, say residents, blaming the corporation for burning garbage in the dump yard. S Murugavel of Pallikaranai said that this went on despite a Madras high court order banning burning of garbage there.\"We have complained several times. But garbage continues to be burnt and when a major fire breaks out, the blame is put on rag pickers who are actually being allowed in the dump yard by corporation staff,\" said Murugavel.E Seshan, a retired Zoological Survey of India official who resides in the area, said it was time to act. \"I have been seeing this for several years. No serious effort has ever been made to save this marshland,\" he said.Local residents and environmentalists have for long been demanding that the corporation close the dump yard that has been in use for more than five decades.\"Despite several court rulings and visits by court-appointed committees, the city corporation continues to maintain a part of the marshland for dumping garbage in the most unscientific way,\" said a highly placed forest department official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14037492", "title": "All India Council for Technical Education tweaks engineering cutoff; nod for another college", "text": "PANAJI: A higher number of engineering aspirants will be able to bag a seat for the professional course in Goa for the academic year 2012-13. Not only has the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) relaxed the eligibility criteria to get into an engineering college this year, it has also given its nod to a new 180-seat engineering institute in Assagao.\"Other than a student's score at the Goa common entrance test (GCET), his or her score at the Class XII in physics, mathematics and a third subject of either chemistry or biology is together taken into account while preparing the merit list for entrance to an engineering college in Goa. The Class XII score of the three subjects combined had to be 50% for a student to be eligible for an engineering seat until last year, this percentage has been brought down to 45 this year,\" technical education deputy director Pradip Kusnur said.Kusnur said the relaxation in percentage will be applicable across the country, but in Goa it will essentially mean that students who score between 45% and 50% will now not have to leave the state to pursue an engineering degree.He added that the eligibility was revised by AICTE as many seats would remain vacant in mainly larger states, many of which have hundreds of engineering institutes operational.\"These students who score between 45% and 50% go to other states and get an engineering degree anyway. Now, we will be able to retain these students in Goa institutes,\" Kusnur said.Speaking on the new engineering college, Kusnur said, \"AICTE has granted its approval to a 180-seat engineering college by Fr Agnel Institute at Assagao. It has to only get the Goa University approval now. It will offer three streams-computer science, mechanical and electrical engineering-with a capacity of 60 seats each.\"The process of preparing a merit list by the directorate of technical education to entry into professional degree courses in Goa is presently on. The list of students eligible for a seat for the medicine, dentistry, engineering, pharmacy and homeopathy courses has already been released by the directorate. The provisional merit list will be ready by Thursday, where the aspirants will know if they can be accommodated as per merit in the seats available in Goa.The final merit list will be ready by Friday, following which the admission process to the professional courses will begin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14036039", "title": "Poet Grace continues to guide PhD aspirants at Nagpur University", "text": "NAGPUR: If you are a doctor of philosophy (PhD) aspirant and decide to call a person from Nagpur University's list of supervisors (guides), don't be surprised if you are told the person had long left for his heavenly abode. For NU, persons who are long dead continue to remain PhD guides.Eminent litterateurs like Manik Godghate popularly known as 'Poet Grace', who passed away recently, are still available for the PhD aspirants as a guide in the arts faculty as per NU's website. It says Grace is still working with Dr Vasantrao Naik Institute of Arts and Social Sciences. Similarly, former pro-vice chancellor Madhukar Rode who died following injuries in a freak mishap on November 12, 2010, is also on the list of PhD supervisors for commerce faculty. There are many more. Renowned astrologer and international English scholar PS Shastri, former Board of Studies (BoS) of English chairman RN Roy and former head of NU's English department VR Kanadey, all of them dead, are still listed as guides in English faculty. Even late BS Paranjape's name has not been deleted.It is not just the dead, even those who are no longer available for other reasons are also on the list. Former principal of Sardar Patel College in Chandrapur Vijay Ainchwar who is now Gondwana University vice chancellor is listed as commerce faculty guide.Controller of Examinations Siddharth Kane admitted that the names of many dead persons were in the list but his response was typically bureaucratic. \"The matter came up for discussion many times but somehow couldn't progress beyond that. It is responsibility of respective Research Recognition Committees to point it out to the concerned authorities who will then take up the matter in Academic Council,\" he said.Nagpur University has failed to update the list of PhD guides on its website. Senior senate member Anil Dhage, who is also secretary of Nagpur University Teachers Association ( NUTA), said this was pure lethargy.\"We have raised this issue many times with the higher ups but their response was poor. It is high time they took such issues seriously as their reputation is at stake,\" he said. Dhage stated that English scholar PS Shastri had left the city about two decades back and had expired about seven to eight years back.He added that many times students called on such persons' home and were left embarrassed when told the person was no more.\"It's just apathy that such a big institution can't update its website. In fact, it's the responsibility of respective HoDs have all such names removed from the list,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "14042618", "title": "Arunachal Pradesh students' body wants CBSE office", "text": "ITANAGAR: The All Arunachal Pradesh Students' Union (Aapsu) has pleaded to education minister Bosiram Siram to initiate steps for setting up a branch office of the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) in the state for the benefit of the students.Aapsu, in a memorandum to the minister on Sunday, said the absence of a CBSE office in Arunachal makes it very difficult for students, especially those from financially weak families, to get minor problems like rechecking of exam results, obtaining lost certificates and marksheets, correction of names etc addressed.Arunachal Pradesh does not have its own education board and all schools in the state are affiliated to the CBSE. The only CBSE regional office for the northeast states is located in Guwahati. \"Parents and students are subjected to a lot of mental anguish and have to incur huge expenditure to travel all the way to Guwahati to get their problems solved at the CBSE office there,\" Aapsu reasoned.The problem has grown manifold in recent times due to increase in students' population over the years, the union said, adding it has necessitated the setting up of a CBSE branch office in the state immediately.Meanwhile, the union also urged Bosiram to direct his department to conduct extensive awareness programmes in order to sensitize the students about various fake institutions offering engineering and medical courses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14037780", "title": "Diamond thief walks into web honeytrap", "text": "MUMBAI: Even conmen have their weaknesses and can be outsmarted.A 24-year-old youth with an active web life walked right into a honeytrap, days after he allegedly stole diamonds worth Rs 6 lakh from his employer, and got arrested recently for forgery, theft and cheating. Karan Patel, the accused, was remanded in police custody till June 15.The D B Marg police said Satish Shah, who runs a jewellery shop in the Lamington Road area, filed a complaint against Patel last month.In the complaint, Shah said Patel had been working for him as a diamond sorter for the past four months. The youth had been able to win Shah's confidence. \"In the first week of May, Shah gave him some diamonds for sorting. Patel promptly took the diamonds and, on the pretext of going to the restroom, disappeared,\" said inspector P G Sanas. Shah waited for nearly five hours before lodging the police complaint. He tried to call up Patel on his cellphone but it was switched off.During the probe, it was revealed that the address provided by Patel (in Bhuleshwar) was a fake one. \"Personnel from the D B Marg police went to the rented house where Patel supposedly stayed, but it turned out to be a fake address. They then learnt that the accused was staying in another house nearby. However, he had left by the team the police reached the spot,\" said deputy commissioner of police (Zone II) Anil Kumbhare. \"Shah then told us that Patel was quite active on Facebook,\" he added.The police then came up with a simple yet effective plan. They created a false profile of a good-looking girl and sent a invite to Patel, hoping that he would fall for the honeytrap. \"The accused immediately accepted it and even sent her a chat invite. But we decided to proceed carefully. Using the girl's profile, I continued chatting with him for a few more days. We even exchanged cellphone numbers,\" said Sanas.On Saturday, Patel was asked to meet the girl at a restaurant in Opera House. The cops even arranged for a woman constable in mufti. Patel was trapped and arrested the moment he got close to her. The police said they were yet to recover the diamonds from Patel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14038724", "title": "Mumbai chemists get notices over abortion drug records", "text": "MUMBAI: The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has issued show-cause notices to 60 chemists in the city for irregularity in maintaining purchase and sale records of abortion drugs. The state body has also been inspecting records of doctors who directly buy medicines from the manufacturers.The FDA initiated a statewide crackdown on chemists after reports of female foeticide started surfacing from Beed. The agency has so far issued notices to 282 chemists and five wholesalers across the state. Commissioner of FDA Mahesh Zagade said it was unfortunate that chemists were found flouting even basic rules like maintaining records. \"Every chemist has to document the sale and purchase of certain drugs to doctors and patients. Chemists are duty-bound to keep their names and addresses. As of now, 282 chemist shops have been found flouting that rule,\" he said, adding that the data pertaining to doctors was still being collated.The chemists were found purchasing Medical Termination of Pregnancy (MTP) injections and pills, but not maintaining records for the same. \"This obviously means the drugs were not to be used as per law,\" he said. The FDA has also lodged FIRs against three chemists in Beed and two chemists in Georai taluka in Beed district.Assistant FDA commissioner of Aurangabad division, V T Paunikar, heading the team inspecting chemists in Beed and Nanded, said over 51 chemists have been given show-cause notices there. \"Almost 50% of 146 shops inspected were selling and purchasing drugs without following the rules,\" he said.FIRs were filed against Hariom Medical store and Sanjivani Medical, in Georai taluka, as they did not have any bills though they had stocks of MTP drugs. EEarlier, an FIR was lodged against Priya Medical in Beed, which is attached to Sanap Hospital, where three illegal abortions were carried out. The FDA had found over 1,000 packs of Vecredil injection, each containing two 100 ml bottles, a drug commonly used for second trimester abortion.Amidst the crackdown on chemists, Zagade has also taken stock of his own team of drug inspectors, who according to him have been complacent in checking records and licenses regularly. \"Some of our team have to really start doing their jobs. It will take care of much of the problem of illegal abortive pills in the market,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-12"}
