{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17081323", "title": "Car importer impressed buyers with lifestyle", "text": "NEW DELHI: He wasn't good at studies but Sumit Walia had a knack for clearing papers. From dodging the taxman to cheating banks and conning buyers of luxury cars, the Class XII dropout did everything with ease using fake documents, police say.Four days after the 27-year-old unofficial \"importer\" of cars like Bentley, Porsche and Lamborghini was arrested, details of how he carved out a niche for himself in not only the unorganized imported car market but also party circles have started emerging.DCP (crime) SBS Tyagi told TOI that Walia spent an unremarkable time at school. \"He lived in New Mahabir Nagar near Tilak Nagar, and studied up to Class XII in a public school.\" It was during his stay in UK that Walia seems to have found his calling, police say. \"He developed a taste for fancy bikes and cars as soon as he left for UK in the year 2002-3. He worked in London for about two years and developed contacts with several car dealers. However, he could not find any respectable job and had to return,\" said Tyagi.Police sources say Walia and his father started trading in used cars after his return. Later, the son shifted to south Delhi for better clientele. He found businessmen for whom no price was too high for an imported luxury car. Walia got in touch with a dealer in London and started importing cars at a high margin.Before long, said additional DCP (crime) Bhism Singh, Walia was projecting himself as a rich businessman and driving around in imported cars. \"He has a penchant for luxury accessories and clothes. He used to flaunt his possessions to impress prospective buyers. He drove luxury cars and moved with bodyguards. He also ensnared rich women with his looks and lifestyle, and used their money,'' said Singh.Sources say Walia blew up crores at parties in London and luxury locales. To keep up appearances, he ran up debts, and when his liabilities became unmanageable he allegedly took to cheating. He would collect payments but not deliver the cars.On Thursday, Walia was arrested for cheating a prominent bank of Rs 4 crore, but he has faced several other cases of cheating earlier. \"Benoy Berry, honorary consul general of the Republic of Burundi , complained that Walia took around Rs 2 crore from him in 2007 to arrange a Range Rover and a Porsche. Berry kept the vehicles at his hotel in Goa and started using them although Walia had not delivered transfer documents, RCs and other papers,'' said Tyagi.In August-September 2010, Walia allegedly took away these vehicles from Goa in the absence of Berry, and then started dodging him. \"The accused never joined the investigation and changed his address. He was ultimately arrested from Prashant Vihar,'' the DCP said.Last year, the Directorate of Revenue Intelligence had arrested Walia for evading taxes while selling high-end cars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17084803", "title": "Craft conscious in Odisha's Raghurajpur", "text": "Lord Jagannath remains the focus and inspiration for Raghurajpur's artisans as Hugh and Colleen Gantzer discovered this time around...Everyone in Odisha's Raghurajpur is an artist: sculptures, carvers, painters, dancers, musicians and creators of the unique pattachitra. The medium varies but the theme remains constant: the life and deeds of Jagannath, Lord of the Universe.Unlike the religious artists of medieval Europe, spread across their continent, the people of this single village claim a franchise on depictions of their lord. \"Even those who now work elsewhere\" they assured us, \"came originally from Raghurajpur. It is our special gift.\" And they start young.Kalacha - ran Swain was sitting in the verandah of the guest house, drawing a scene from a story of Lord Krishna on pale green strips of palm leaf. He would then incise his sketch with a stylus, fill the incisions with soot, wash it and dry it till the strips became as hard as wood.\"I will stitch these 24 inch strips together to make a 5 foot long scroll. How many months will it take? About three. Why Lord Krishna? He is an incarnation of the Lord of the Universe , no?\" Kalacharan was 22 years old and had been apprenticed when he was 17. He was keeping alive a tradition of indestructible, illustrated, palm-leaf manuscripts which could have pre-dated the legendary papyri of the ancient Egyptians.Just beyond the guest house stretched the two parallel streets of the village separated by a row of temples. Most houses had tiled roofs, were raised on plinths and had verandahs. Many of the walls had been covered with paintings as if their owners were compulsive artists.Beyond a pair of sandals on a step, shrines had been created on both sides of the entrance to the house, picked out in white, abstract, designs with the precision of computer art. A cycle was propped against a high, blue, plinth, murals decorated the wall behind. A third house carried depictions of the many, distinct, seasons recognised by our folklore.Verandahs were also used as the sunlit ateliers of the artists of Raghurajpur. Abakasha Nayak, sat on his stoop, painting on a palm leaf. He was accompanied by a white cat with a collar, purring softly. In contrast with the image of a gaunt artist in a cold Parisian garret subsisting on sour bread and wine, Raghurajpurians seemed to be genuinely contented with their lot.Their families also are, very clearly, multi-talented, with siblings and relatives expressing themselves in varied ways. Jai Dev Maharana crafted sets of the world's first playing cards. They were circular and came in packs of 144. One of his family was a painter and had painted a large panel of the Rath Yatra procession of Lord Jagannath.Art runs in the family The Prusty family were particularly gifted. Dilip Kumar specialised in Patta Chitra and he had been creating these traditional paintings for 15 years. He used a special process involving tamarind seeds and powdered stone to give curtain cloth the toughness of canvas. On that, using natural colours, he created a very sophisticated and stylised folk-art that is typical of Raghurajpur. Dilip Kumar also does painting on tussore silk , his father and sister are wood carvers and his mother is a p ap i e r m a ch e artist.Living legacies We had first v i s i t e d R a g h u r a - jpur many years ago and we were delighted to find that the artists have now diversified to meet ch a n g i n g needs, while still adhering to their tradition of being inspired by the images and deeds of their divinities.Roshini Kamalkanki painted c o c o nu t s with the images of Lord Jagannath and his two siblings. Others depicted them on earthen pots and even on tiny areca nuts to ward off evil influences. The smiling, greyhaired, Sashidei Maharana, catering to the pilgrims visiting local festivals, made tiny, brightly coloured, images of the three in cow-dung.This time we also discovered a unique performing art that we had not seen earlier. At the far end of the village we stepped into a small complex of buildings with an impressively long name: the Dasabhuja Gotipua Odishi Nrutya Parishad.We sat in a hall with a stage at one end and, below it, three musicians with a harmonium, a drum and cymbals. When everything was ready, a line of dancers in saris, jewellery and heavy makeup entered and welcomed us. Then, as the musicians played, they danced an invocatory prayer and began their performance.They were lithe, graceful and oddly gymnastic. In fact many of their movements would have been frowned upon by our more conservative people. And then we learnt that all of them were pre-pubescent boys and that the best gotipua dancers had gone on to become some of the most famous Odissi dancers.But since Odissi is beyond the heart of the art of Raghurajpur, we'll have to keep that tale for another day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17082696", "title": "Cam traps to capture Periyar Tiger Reserve tigers", "text": "KOCHI: The forest department has set up 60 camera traps along the Sabarimala pilgrimage route in Azhutha and Pampa to track and count the number of tigers in the western side of the Periyar Tiger Reserve (PTR).K V Subramaniam, field director of project tiger launched by the forest department through the government owned public trust Periyar Foundation, said that the camera traps have 'captured' 33 tigers since 2007, when the project was started.\"This year we have pictures of 17 tigers clicked during the first stage of the tiger count programme, which was completed in August,\" he said. The cameras would be dismantled in the next couple of days for developing the photos. They would be then set up in the eastern side of PTR, covering Vallakadavu, Thekkadi and Periyar forest ranges. \"The forest department's field staffers are engaged in the monitoring of tigers. The pictures will be used to corroborate the data collected by the field staff,'' Subramaniam said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17081163", "title": "Politician held for cheating", "text": "MUMBAI: President of a political party R R Pandian (40) was arrested and sent to police custody till November 5 on charges of cheating. Cops said Pandian prepared a fake MoU and receipts to show the complainant, Sunderlal Nirman, who had leased his bungalow to the accused, had sold the house to him. Pandian was held on Friday after his anticipatory bail plea was rejected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17080522", "title": "CAG calls for corporate accountability", "text": "NEW DELHI: At a time when his office is locked in a bitter tussle over the audit of KG-D6 gas fields, CAG Vinod Rai has emphasized the need for corporate accountability.Speaking at the 11th All India Lokayukta conference at Vigyan Bhavan here on Saturday, Rai said the 2009 Satyam scam changed public perception of corporate/private sector and they need to be held equally accountable as the government.\"Economic growth can't be made sustainable unless it's based on transparency and accountability,\" Rai remarked, urging citizens to take centre stage and raise their voice against graft.\"Civil society is making it known to us we are accountable.., that we are living in a glass house,\" CAG said calling for a \"paradigm shift\" in approach of the authorities while dealing with corruption. The CAG along with ex-Chief Election Commissioner S Y Qureshi also acknowledged the role of Anna Hazare and his movement in making graft a nationwide issue. \"Thanks to the movement of Anna Hazare, people have started showing disgust towards corruption, earlier there was indifference,\" Qureshi said, saying the CVC must be elevated as a constitutional authority.In another session at the conference, former MP and famous author Arun Shourie asked the Lokayuktas to \"catch the big fish\" which will translate in greater faith and public backing to the anti corruption watchdog. \"Lokayuktas should look at government not as facilitator but as an adversary as it's an irony that the complaints relating to an official is sent back to him for review. So, you don't have to look at the government for any decision or direction but at the people at large,\" Shourie said. Terming the arrest of the high and mighty in various corruption cases as a \"golden opportunity\", Shourie said \"you have 15-20 big people involved in various corruption cases. If they are punished, it will bring faith among the people in the institution but if they go unpunished then there is a danger of the institution losing its faith completely\".Shourie suggested Lokayuktas should ensure there is no adjournment in trial of corruption cases. Stressing on faster trial and prosecution in corruption cases, he said that in the US, corporate honchos Rajat Gupta and Rajaratnam could be punished in three months, but in India cases linger for decades.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17082372", "title": "Nakkataiya enacted with zeal in Varanasi", "text": "VARANASI: The famous Nakkataiya of Chetganj was enacted with zeal and enthusiasm late night on Friday. After the enactment of the Nakkataiya, a huge and colourful shobha yatra of laag vimaan and tableaux representing mythological tales and events, Gods and Goddess was also carried out on the occasion.The tableaux representing Shesh Naag, Ram Darbar, Kans Vadh, Makhan Chori and few taken from Mahabharat remained the centre of attraction. Participants from Mirzapur, Jaunpur, Bhadohi, Gyanpur, Jakhani, Azamgarh, Phoolpur, and several other areas were present on the occasion.Shobha Yatra was carried out from Lahurabir and reached Chetganj area crossing Senpura and Chaur Chhatwa. The entire stretch from Maldahiya to Chetganj wore a bridal look. The skyline and nearby buildings of the area were decorated with colourful electric lights.People started assembling in the area, terrace, and near the building from evening itself.The event also pulled rural crowd as well. Meanwhile, a number of makeshift stalls selling food and traditional toys were also visible in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17081259", "title": "Forest min fishes for praise, activists say all tall tales", "text": "HYDERABAD: It's a new feature on the official website of the Andhra Pradesh forest department that has city environmentalists 'amused' these days - a hyperlink that pops open a PDF file listing the achievements of forest minister Shatrucharla Vijaya Rama Raju. The exhaustive list not just showers generous praises on the minister for his political successes but also hails his concern for the environment and the many initiatives that Raju has launched for its protection during his eight-year-long tenure. But while it all makes for a good read, environmentalists rue how much these 'achievements' have remained only on paper so far. Some even allege, contradicting the impressive list, that the state's forests have seen maximum degradation during Raju's tenure.Topping the chart is the poor implementation of the Recognition of Forest Rights Act (RoFR, 2006). While the note claims that the forest minister, under the Act, has helped over 1.6 lakh individuals (Scheduled Tribes) recognize their right over forest land and get certificates of occupation, it conveniently sweeps under the carpet the high rate of illegal encroachment that the Act has led to in the state. Statistics show that the state is only behind Tripura on this dubious chart and has lost 14 lakh acres of forest area to this Act. \"That translates to 9.2% of the total geographical stretch of forests in AP,\" said JV Sharma, a retired forest officer who has been battling against the RoFR Act for years now. In Tripura the percentage is roughly 20.\"The Act has been implemented without taking any precautionary measures. Sensitive areas have been negotiated that has killed the quality of forest covers,\" Sharma added, maintaining how declaring zones as 'national parks' and 'tiger reserves' (things that also feature on the achievements' list) become of little relevance when the same land is \"mindlessly\" given away by the government.The document's portrayal of a healthy wildlife population in the state too is questioned by experts. While accusing the minister for setting up toothless bodies such as the National Zoo Authority (proudly sitting high on the list), they point out how AP's fauna has seen a steady decline in number for the last few years. \"The diversity of species in zoos was much higher in the past. The count has come down significantly now,\" said Farida Tampal, state director of World Wildlife Fund-India. About the minister's move to declare Seshachalam Hills as Biosphere Reserve in 2011 (also finds a mention on the list), Tampal said how no work has been done here since then. \"It is mandatory to create a detailed database of the flora and fauna population of a biosphere reserve. Even the human diversity of the area has to be documented. Nothing like that has happened,\" she added, however, giving credit to the department for its work on conserving the Olive Ridley turtles.But the efforts clearly end there, say observers, pointing to the rising rate of poaching, red sander trading and illegal timber dealings that have come to haunt AP's forests. \"This is all because the top men from the department barely venture into the thick to take stock of things. For years now, the forest department has been facing a severe staff crunch with 60 per cent of the posts still lying vacant. These 'links' are only put up to humour the minister. They do not paint the real picture,\" said environmentalist Sarvottam Rao.Forest officials maintained that the list showcased the 'good work' done by the department and not the minister alone. They, however, dismissed allegations about them being merely on paper. \"We created the link keeping the recent biodiversity conference in mind. We wanted to let people know about all that the AP forest department has done to conserve biodiversity,\" said S V Kumar, principal chief conservator of forests. That the list was found flashing on the website much after the closure of CoP-11 is also something Kumar refused to admit to.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "17081066", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcIndian cities have much to learn from New York's disaster response &amp; limitations\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "NEW YORK: It took a little more than a day of hurricane-force winds and an almost 14-foot tidal surge to reduce this global financial powerhouse into a city of haves and have-nots\u00e2\u20ac\u201dthose who had electricity and those who did not.For almost five days after superstorm Sandy struck the region, Lower Manhattan's famous skyline remained dark, its businesses shuttered and its neighbourhoods empty, even as life Uptown carried on much the same. Much of the city's subway system, which carries over five million commuters daily, is still offline. And across the waterfront in neighbouring New Jersey, hundreds of homes lie flooded.The last time I saw a disaster like this up close was on July 26, 2005, when an unexpected monsoon cloudburst submerged Mumbai, stranding commuters and destroying homes.New York is a city not unlike Mumbai: both are built on reclaimed islands; both are financial capitals and migrant magnets; and both depend on train systems to transport their large workforce. The \"resilience\" of New Yorkers is as famous as the \"spirit of Mumbai\".Yet these similarities only highlighted the gaps in governance between the cities, especially in disaster management. Recovery from the storm has been slow\u00e2\u20ac\u201dgas shortages have kicked in and some areas won't get power for many more days \u00e2\u20ac\u201dbut the city authorities' preparation for and response to the storm was remarkably efficient and comprehensive. Indian cities, while facing greater challenges with their poorer populations and smaller resources, have much to learn from New York's disaster response\u00e2\u20ac\u201dand its limitations.Early warning. Hurricanes may be easier to see coming than monsoon rain but the US has also invested heavily in sophisticated forecasting capabilities. Early warning isn't restricted to weather reports either. Authorities issued areaspecific instructions\u00e2\u20ac\u201dresidents in flood zones were told to evacuate\u00e2\u20ac\u201das well as valuable information on how to wait the storm out.The combination of advance warnings, evacuations and first-rate rescue teams helped ensure a relatively small death toll: 40 lives were lost in the city.Relentless communication. As the storm got closer, New York mayor Michael Bloomberg appeared frequently on TV with a phalanx of city officials, each with information on power, transit, shelters and neighbourhoods. The press conferences grew in frequency after the storm, helping prevent rumours and keeping people calm.Expect system failures. The long power outage and subway closures are unprecedented.They reflect the size of the storm. But New Yorkers aren't strangers to transit shutdowns or loss of electricity. Despite sophisticated infrastructure, most winters here see some \"snow days\" when roads are blocked, trains delayed and one may have to work from home or stay away from school.What was more unusual this time was that authorities closed the subway the night before the storm hit, rather than risk trapped commuters.A strong mayor helps. As in India, three powers converge (and clash) in American cities: central, state, municipal. But unlike in India, directly elected mayors wield a lot of power over their cities\u00e2\u20ac\u201d and are held accountable for governance. Bloomberg, who has been mayor for more than 10 years, was able to introduce strong measures quickly\u00e2\u20ac\u201dlike the rule he imposed Wednesday evening forcing cars entering Manhattan to carry at least three passengers in order to avert traffic gridlock in the absence of a functioning subway.What New York wasn't prepared for\u00e2\u20ac\u201da changing climate. All of the city's mighty resources finally couldn't prevent the extensive flooding and damage. That's because New York isn't built to deal with such a large tidal surge, as officials acknowledged. A government-commissioned climate change study last year noted that much of Manhattan's infrastructure lies at sea level, including its power stations and major highways (these run along the coastline in the manner of Mumbai's proposed coastal road). That report predicted almost exactly the damage that occurred this week as part of a scenario of higher storm surges caused by rising seas and more intense storms. Global sea levels have risen by seven inches in the past century (Mumbai and Kolkata top one study of cities that are most likely to be affected).Some experts have said that New York should consider a system of levees or scale back on waterfront development. In a country where climate change remains contentious, both options perhaps seemed far-fetched and expensive\u00e2\u20ac\u201duntil this week. The day after the storm, a shaken New York state's governor called on the city to rethink its policies to cope with \"the reality of new weather patterns\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "17079710", "title": "Naga IAS officer builds 100-km road in Manipur without govt help", "text": "IMPHAL: Villagers of Manipur's Tousem sub-division in Tamenglong district are a busy lot these days. At least 150 of them on a daily basis are clearing away a thicket with their machetes and daos. Some are lugging away heavy branches of recently felled trees; and others are operating bulldozers and earthmovers to give themselves the \"best Christmas gift ever\".Theirs is one of the remotest corners in the country, where the India shining story has not yet reached; but the villagers are part of modern India's most ambitious road project embarked upon by one man, a young Naga IAS officer, without any funding from the government.A 2005 graduate from St Stephen's College in Delhi, Armstrong Pame is the sub-divisional magistrate of Tamenglong, his home district, and the first IAS officer from the Zeme tribe. He has, of his own volition, begun the construction of a 100-km road that would link Manipur with Nagaland and Assam. Incidentally, the Centre had sanctioned Rs 101 crore in 1982 for the construction of this road, but for some unknown reason the project never took off. \"Last December, then Union home minister P Chidambaram visited Manipur and asked what happened to the road.The state government declared that it would be 'done soon', but nothing moved on the ground. Then in June-July this year, there was an outbreak of tropical diseases like typhoid and malaria. It takes two days for anyone in the village to make it to the nearest hospital on foot in the absence of a motorable road. Hundreds of patients had to be carried on makeshift bamboo stretchers, but very few made it to the town alive.Also, town doctors were unwilling to come to the village because of its inaccessible terrain,\" Pame told TOI over phone from Tamenglong.Perplexed and frustrated with the situation, the officer decided to reach out to doctors in his friend circle. A woman friend agreed, and Pame promised to sponsor her stay. \"She treated over 500 patients and conducted quite a few minor surgeries. Many lives were saved in this way; but I realized how perilously poised the situation was in the absence of a road. That was the catalyst,\" Pame said.To construct an all-weather, motorable road in an area untouched by the progress made by Independent India in the last six decades was an uphill task. And with no help coming from the government, Pame turned to his family and well-wishers.\"Armstrong and I grew up in a village in Tousem amid a lot of hardships. Our father was a schoolteacher and had a limited income. We used to walk down to the district headquarters\u00e2\u20ac\u201dabout 60km away\u00e2\u20ac\u201dand carry 25 kilos of rice back home. It used to take us four days to go and come back and the rations used to last for two weeks. When we came to Delhi for higher studies, we would survive on biscuits for days without enough money to buy food. The remoteness of our village ruined its economy; and we knew that unless there was a road, there would be no development. So, when Armstrong proposed to undertake the venture, we all threw our lot with him,\" said Jeremiah Pame, an assistant professor at the Delhi University and elder brother of Armstrong.\"My wife and I donated our one month's salary, Armstrong paid five months' of his, and our mother paid our dad's one month's pension of Rs 5,000. Our youngest brother, Lungtuabui, recently started working. He donated his entire first month's pay for the project,\" he added.The family together pooled Rs 4 lakh to start the project. They hired a bulldozer and bought two earthmovers. \"But it was not enough; we needed more. So, we turned to Facebook. We created a page, seeking donations, and the response has been overwhelming. In the last three days, we have received Rs 1.2 lakh from friends all over the globe, with contributions varying from Rs 50 to $1000. And they are willing to contribute more,\" the young bureaucrat said. \"The villagers, too, have contributed as per their capabilities: some are providing food and accommodation for the workers; some are supplying fuel for the earthmovers. They have also provided manpower for the project. We did not have to engage a contractor with so many people volunteering to shoulder that responsibility,\" he added.Donation centres have been set up in Delhi, Pune, Bangalore, Chennai, Guwahati, Shillong and Dimapur and NRIs from Canada, USA and the UK have been sending their contributions for the project christened as Tamenglong-Haflong Road. A monolith will be erected once the road is completed and names of all donors will be inscribed.The road will form a tri-junction with Nagaland and Assam over the Jiri River before entering the Dima Hasao district (formerly North Cachar Hills district) of Assam. Construction began in August this year, but stopped midway due to the rains. It resumed in September, and so far, work on 70km has been completed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17086125", "title": "India set to ratify Nairobi International Convention on removal of wrecks", "text": "MANGALORE: Registered ship owners should maintain compulsory insurance or other financial security to cover liability under Nairobi International Convention on Removal of Wrecks, 2007. This convention adopted by diplomatic conference held in Kenya in 2007 provides legal basis for States to remove, or have removed, shipwrecks that may have potential to affect adversely safety of lives, goods and property at sea, as well as marine environment.Indian Government is in advanced stages of ratifying the convention, said Capt PVK Mohan, chairman, National Shipping Board (NSB). Adopted on May 18, 2007, the convention will come into force once majority of the international maritime states ratify it, he told reporters at the end of 120 th NSB meeting here. This will largely address issues of hazards posed to international maritime traffic by wrecks of ships dotting various coastlines, he said.MM Saggi, nautical advisor to the government of India said The convention will fill a gap in the existing international legal framework by providing the first set of uniform international rules aimed at ensuring the prompt and effective removal of wrecks located beyond the territorial sea. The new convention also includes an optional clause enabling states parties to the convention to apply certain provisions to their territory, including their territorial sea.International Maritime Organisation (IMO) website observes that a lthough incidence of marine casualties has decreased dramatically in recent years, work of IMO and efforts of governments and industry to enhance safety in shipping operations, number of abandoned wrecks, estimated at almost 1,300 worldwide, has reportedly increased and, as a result, problems they cause to coastal states and shipping in general have, become more acute.Problem of removal of wreck is accentuated by fact that some vessels have single owners who abscond when the vessel capsizes. The convention will make it mandatory for the insurer to meet the costs in such condition, he said, adding that while the owner(s) may abscond, it is not easy for the insurers, who are established players in the market to do so and will have to meet their obligation in meeting costs towards removal of ship wrecks", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17083389", "title": "Serene Kamatibaug comes to a boil", "text": "VADODARA: The serene surroundings of Kamatibaug, for the first time in its history, have been stirred by an agitation kick started by morning walkers and now joined by the opposition Congress in Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC). Morning walkers and the opposition are demanding scrapping of a project which aims at installing a multi-media laser fountain at the garden.The morning walkers-among whom are retired citizens, architects, businessmen and academicians-argue that the fountain would disturb the natural beauty of the garden and will also lead to a rush of tourists which it would not be able to handle on holidays. In an open letter to VMC, the group has stated that the originality of the garden will be lost forever if the fountain came up at its precinct.On Friday, protests were held at the site where the work is being conducted and the tyres of a backhoe loader were deflated by some agitators. Saturday saw the protests growing stronger with opposition leader Chinnam Gandhi reaching the spot and damaging a partition of tin sheets erected to separate the area where the work was being conducted.Senate member and a regular morning walker Cassim Unia, who has taken up the issue, said the fountain could come up at any other VMC plot for the citizens. \"It will create chaos and make the garden look ugly,\" he added.The VMC at the other end stood its ground stating that the fountain was coming up at a lesser developed part of the garden. \"It will add facilities to the garden and appeal particularly to the children and youth. It will not disturb the environment and the space used by morning walkers,\" said VMC deputy municipal commissioner R K Sugoor.Sugoor said the fountain was only a part of the project and in the remaining space landscaping and environment-related development would take place. \"It will give a unique identity to the garden and we expect cooperation from all for the development,\" he stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "17083284", "title": "Dengue cases on the decline in Dharwad", "text": "DHARWAD: Dharwad zilla panchayat CEO P A Meghannavar on Saturday claimed that there had been a considerable decline in dengue cases in the district over the last few months.Speaking to reporters here, Meghannavar said only two cases of dengue were reported in October as against the monthly average of 10-12 cases during the previous months. He attributed this to the extensive larva source reduction exercise and awareness programmes organized by the department of health and family welfare.At present, Dharwad was in the 11th place in the number of dengue cases reported among the districts in the state. A total of 237 suspected cases of dengue were reported among residents of Dharwad district from January to October, of which 76 cases were confirmed to be dengue fever.Similarly, 344 suspected cases of dengue were traced among the people from other districts, of which 155 were found to be positive.With 23 positive cases, Hubli urban had the highest number of confirmed dengue cases, followed by 19 in Dharwad rural. Eleven positive cases were reported in Dharwad urban. The other confirmed cases of dengue fever were: 11 in Navalgund, five in Kalghatagi, four in Kundagol and three in Hubli rural. One suspected dengue death case was reported in the district, he said.Of the 42 suspected cases of chikungunya reported from January to October in the district, only one case in Navalgund taluk was found to be positive. Of the five suspected chikungunya cases among the people who came from other districts, four have been reported positive.District health and family welfare officer N M Angadi said as there was no specific treatment for dengue and chikungunya, people have to take preventive measures.Storing water in open tanks should be avoided and fogging during morning and evening hours would help control mosquitoes, he said and also advised people to use mosquito nets at night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17081564", "title": "'Political instability affects medical research'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Some of the health policies and research work have got stuck due to the fear of instability at the Centre, feels Prof Seyed E Hasnain, member of Scientific Advisory Council to the PM and Scientific Advisory Council to Union Cabinet.Referring to the PM's usage of coalition politics as compulsion, Hasnain expressed his concern on no new drug development for TB since 1963 worldwide. Though he opined that the current PM is one of the few who attends meetings on scientific issues consistently, money pumped in R&D; in science is minimal. Also health policies like TB drugs to be sold only on prescription have not taken off.Hasnain was in the PGI on Saturday to deliver R N Chakravarti Memorial Oration Lecture on \"Combating world's deadliest disease, TB, continues to be a grand challenge\". When asked about his role in the council in taking up these issues of policies and funding, he said, \"We have discussed these at the Centre, but it's also a state matter. The PM finds coalition politics as compulsion.\" Hasnain did not divulge much on the pending research and policies, though he admitted that instability at the Centre was the reason for the same.Articulating his discontentment over the management of the disease, the member of the advisory council said, \"At a time when the global incidence of the TB is 9.4 million and the country has 2 million suffering with the disease, there has been no vaccine after the BCG.\" Moreover, India has not figured in the list of making drugs for the TB as the country is taken as a guinea pig for clinical trials.\"There has been no new drug in the market. Most of the drugs are in Phase III of clinical trial. HIV receives huge funds, but the TB which has been recently notified by the government of India has not a single biomarker -- used to see how well the body responds to a treatment for a disease or condition,\" Hasnain said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17082308", "title": "Civic body, corporators lock horns over Development Plan copies", "text": "PUNE: The civic administration and the municipal secretariat evaded the responsibility of providing copies of the Development Plan (DP) for the old city areas to a group of Congress corporators.Congress leaders in the PMC, led by senior corporators, approached municipal secretary Sunil Parkhi for copies of the plan, which will be discussed on Monday. But Parkhi passed the buck to the civic administration.When the group approached municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak and other civic officials, they were directed to the municipal secretary. \"It is the responsibility of the municipal secretary to decide if copies should be distributed. The civic administration has no role to play in this process. We have prepared the DP and passed it to the municipal secretary to table it before the general body. Now it's the municipal secretariat's property,\" a senior civic official told TOI.Parkhi, on the other hand, said, \"I will provide copies of the DP to elected representatives only after receiving orders to the effect from the civic administration. I am waiting for the administration's consent.\"Corporator Aba Bagul, told reporters, \"We met the municipal commissioner for the copies. Corporators are supposed to discuss the DP during Monday's meeting and so we insisted that the PMC give copies to elected representatives. The civic administration and municipal secretary have now agreed to our demand and we are waiting for the copies.\"Another Congress corporator, Avinash Bagwe, said, \"The municipal secretary and civic officials avoided responsibility when we asked for the copies. It is surprising that the civic administration is hiding the plan from elected members who are supposed to approve the DP. The administration and municipal secretary have now told us that we will get the copies.\"\"We have asked the Congress leadership to give corporators enough time to study the DP,\" said corporator Sanjay Balgude.The civic administration stuck to its stand that as per the MRTP Act, the DP cannot be revealed until the general body approves it.\"What will we discuss if we don't have the copy? It is obvious that DP won't be approved on Monday as corporators are yet to get the copies. Once we get a chance to study the DP, we will discuss it within our party and take the final stand,\" Bagwe said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17082239", "title": "Telcom companies cut Gujarat operations", "text": "AHMEDABAD: With an eye on cutting costs, lay-offs coupled with a freeze on hiring are looming large over new players in the telecom market in Gujarat. New telecom operators like Aircel and MTS are choosing an organizational rejig with declining margins and increasing costs.Earlier this week, Aircel announced that it will shut its operations in Gujarat besides UP (West) and Haryana like it did in Madhya Pradesh. According to sources, about 80% of the company's staff in Ahmedabad has been given the pink slip, while the remaining staff has been relocated to other centres. The company is in the process of vacating its Ahmedabad office.\"Being a late entrant is not always easy as there is a tremendous catching up to do with competition,\" said Vipul Saurabh, national head-operations and customer support, Aircel.\"Moreover, the telecom industry is at a stage where players are faced with high operational costs, be it energy, infrastructure or the high telecom license fees leading to very low returns for the kind of investments made. Besides, it is becoming increasingly difficult to survive the low tariffs in certain areas with the high rising inflation and cost,\"explained Saurabh.Aircel is now planning to deploy an online business model to run its operations exclusively on the internet across select circles. Under this model, Aircel will offer services such as payment of bills, value added services and products to its customers online apart from its various company shops.Sources said MTS is also on the verge of stopping voice services in Gujarat. \"MTS has not issued any fresh vouchers for its voice services in the last one month . There is news that the company's voice services are likely to be stopped in the state, while their data operations will continue,\" said a distributor of MTS, who did not whish to be named. However, an MTS spokesperson refuted this. \"There is nothing like this,\" he said without elaborating.Another late entrant in the state, Videocon has been losing customer base in Gujarat since last year and has lost more than 3.72 lakh connections since May 2012. In August, Videocon lost 1.02 lakh connections in the state. With no significant subscriber additions and rising costs, telecom companies are winding up their operations or revamping their business models.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17082343", "title": "7 labourers injured in building slab collapse", "text": "PUNE: Seven labourers were injured when the slab of an under-construction building collapsed in Bibvewadi on Saturday around 4.15 pm after the stilts supporting it gave way.Four labourers, who received head injuries, are undergoing treatment at a private hospital in Bibvewadi. Three others escaped with minor injuries, said inspector (crime) Rajendra Todkar of Sahakarnagar police station on Saturday.Investigations revealed that the first floor slab was not given proper support due to which it collapsed on the labourers. There were around 10 to 15 people working at the site.\"We have started recording their statements. A complaint of alleged negligence will be registered against the builder and the contractor under section 304 (a) of the Indian Penal Code,\" Todkar said.A senior civic official said the construction was not illegal and the developer had taken all permissions. \"The developer has all the permissions. But we have asked the ward officer to check,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "17083040", "title": "Cuttack gears up for rowing championship", "text": "CUTTACK: The Millennium City is all set to host the 33rd edition of National Junior Rowing Championship, to be held between November 7 and 10. The championship will be held at the water sports complex in Jagatpur. The city is hosting the prestigious championship after a gap of five years. Governor M C Bhandare will inaugurate the event.Over 250 rowers from 20 states will participate in the competition, to be held in four categories of single scull, double scull, coxless pair and coxless four, in male and female groups in a four-lane, 1000-metre course.The Odisha Association for Rowing and Sculling (OARS) has made elaborate preparations for the event. Along with junior championship, the association has decided to host the National Masters Rowing Championship for veteran rowers. \"Rowers above the age of 45 years will participate in the Master Rowing Championship and will inspire the younger generation to take up rowing as a sport,\" said Binod Dash, president of OARS.Odisha will field 11 rowers in the championship. Odia rowers M Amusana Devi, Monika Devi, Kajal Jena, Munjula Xess, Sanjukta Dung Dung, Pricila Buxla, Ashmita Kujur, Manisha Kispotta, Bikash Patra, Roshan Lakra and Pritam Beura will participate in the event. \"Last year, we had won six medals, including three gold. This year we are expecting more medals as all our rowers are in very good form,\" said Jose Jacob, coach of Odisha rowing team.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17083140", "title": "Sky lantern contest is here, let your creativity soar high", "text": "MANGALORE: Diwali is round the corner and it's time to take those sky lanterns aka gududeepa out to give them new coat of colour paper. And for those who want to flaunt their creativity, it's the time of the year to head to Sri Gokarnanatha Kshetra, Kudroli, where the 13th edition of 'Gududeepa Pantha' (sky lantern competition) is held.The event is organized by Namma Kudla, a local TV channel, on November 10.Barring the first edition, when the event was conducted on the lawns of a private hotel here, the competition ever since has been held on the vast courtyards of the Kshetra on the eve of Diwali, bringing competitors and spectators alike in droves. The top two winners in each of the three categories will take home gold coins. The three categories are traditional, modern and special models of sky lanterns. Harish Karkera, director of Namma Kudla, said the art of making traditional sky lanterns is slowly on the wane with people preferring to buy them off the shelves. \"Through this competition, we want to keep alive this tradition,\" Harish said, adding that the traditional category of the competition is specifically for those making sky lanterns using colour or glass papers. In modern category, the contestants can use pulses, flex, and other material.In the model category, contestants can give wings to their imagination making models of any subject they choose, Harish said. An interesting facet of this competition, he said, is that the creativity levels keep increasing with each passing year, just as the entries to reach newer heights. \"No model seen in the previous year's competitions is likely to resurface next year,\" he said.Namma Tuluver AwardThe organizers will confer Namma Kula Award on folk scholar Bannanje Babu Amin and Namma Tuluver Award on SCDCC bank president MN Rajendra Kumar. Child prodigy Vibhalakshmi Rai K will receive the Namma Kudla Child Talent Award. Entries must reach the venue by 4pm. Call: 0824-2495494.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17083248", "title": "Hubli to get European waste disposal model", "text": "HUBLI: The Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation is experimenting with garbage management. It is adopting a model successfully practiced in Petersburg, England. The corporation is distributing wheeled bins to all residents of Vidyanagar, ward 34. Garbage is segregated into wet and dry waste.An advanced truck-mounted garbage compactor visits each house and collects garbage once a week and dumps it at a yard. The compactor automatically lifts the wheeled bins and removes garbage from them. The corporation has purchased the compactor vehicle at a cost of Rs 28 lakh. As part of its pilot project, HDMC is distributing two bins each to the 200 houses and apartments of Bailappanavar Nagar and Kumbakon Layout on November 4. HDMC is purchasing 1,050 wheeled bins of 120-litre and 240-litre capacity, worth Rs 30 lakh.Each house will be given two bins of 120 litres, while apartments will be given four bins of 240 litres.Lakshmi Uppar said: \"I was very impressed with the garbage collection system in England, and thought of adopting the same in Hubli-Dharwad.''The experiment will be inaugurated by chief minister Jagadish Shettar on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "17086300", "title": "J&K; team to play rugby in Pak sports festival", "text": "SRINAGAR: A 15-member team of rugby players and officials from Jammu and Kashmir on Sunday left for Pakistan to take part in a week-long sports festival.\"Around 180 players and officials will take part in the sports festival in Punjab state of Pakistan from November 7 to November 15. Rugby India has selected one team from Jammu and Kashmir and one from Delhi to take part in the event,\" president of the JK Rugby Association Sarmad Hafeez told reporters.Hafeez said the sports exchange between India and Pakistan will generate a lot of goodwill besides giving international exposure to players from the state.\"It will be great exposure for our players as they will be competing at international level,\" he said.Hafeez said the state Rugby Association has been working hard to promote the game in the state and has in the past brought in coaches from New Zealand and Canada for improving the skills of local players.\"We are trying for player exchange programmes with Rugby powerhouses like New Zealand and Canada. The physique of people in the state is ideal for a sport like Rugby,\" he said.Hafeez gave a send off to the team which will join the national contingent before proceeding to Pakistan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17082673", "title": "Page, Grewal dazzle at fight night", "text": "MUMBAI: Michael Page bounced, danced, ducked and flashed his electric blue mouth guard at Haitham Tantawy before unleashing two power bombs for punches that floored the Egyptian to win Super Fight League 7's marquee event at Andheri, on Friday night.Page needed less than round to romp home victorious after his punches left Tantawy with cuts that wouldn't stop bleeding, forcing the referee to award the fighter from the UK with a TKO. In other quick finishes of the night, Daniel Amar Singh needed just 23 seconds to beat Mumbai lad Michael Pereira, deploying the perfect guillotine choke to win the heavyweight bout by way of submission. Pereira had no chance at all as Singh charged at and cut his opponent open with a few punches before executing the submission.Narender Grewal put on an impressive show in the featherweight category. Up against Siddharth Varma, Grewal was solid with his kicks and brutal with his take downs, lifting and pounding his opponent to the floor at every given chance. Grewal forced Varma to tap out with a rear naked choke in Round Two.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17082443", "title": "Stricken tanker becomes tourist spot", "text": "CHENNAI: The city has a new tourist spot \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the stretch of sand near Dooming Kuppam on the Marina where the stranded oil tanker MT Pratibha Cauvery lies.On Saturday, three days after the tanker ran aground, the Marina beach was packed. Nothing unusual in this, but there was a diffence. The usual 'hangout spots' near the Lighthouse and the Anna Memorial were relatively deserted compared to the Dooming Kuppam- Pattinapakkam stretch \u00e2\u20ac\u201d 'usually fisherman's territory'. \"People earlier sat on the beach enjoying the breeze, grabbed a bite and tried out some small rides,\" said Kannan S, a 'sundal' vendor. \"Now all they want is to go and take pictures of the ship,\" he added.Many hawkers decided to change their usual zones. \"I used to sell 'sundal' and 'channa' near the Anna Memorial. When I saw the crowds shifting I decided to move there and mark my territory,\" Kannan added. A few rides for children also emerged in the area.There were huge traffic snarls on the Pattinapakkam by-lane, created to decongest Santhome High Road, as motorists parked vehicles haphazardly to click pictures of the ship. \"I never knew a ship would be so big. It is at least 20-ft high,\" said Pranav R, a working professional who was driving towards Mandaveli. \"We have seen ships just as specks from the beach. This is the first time I am seeing one so close by,\" he added.The ship also seemed to be creating waves on social networking sites like Facebook and twitter, as people competed with each other to post and share pictures of it. \"My friends posted a picture of the ship when it was stuck in Besant Nagar. My picture will be cooler, because I plan to pose in front of it,\" joked school student Ashwin Chandramouli.MTC staff claimed they noticed more people travelling to Foreshore Estate. A conductor on the 27 D route (Villivakkam-Foreshore Estate) said, \"the bus usually empties after crossing Santhome. Now, people travel till the last stop.\"There were reports of young children from the fishing community trying to swim to the ship and climb on it at night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "lahli", "code": "17080651", "title": "A day of comebacks in Lahli", "text": "LAHLI: The Ranji Trophy Group 'B' game between Vidarbha and Haryana here is turning out to be a tale of comebacks.First, the Haryana bowlers produced a much-improved performance to bowl Vidarbha out for 205 in their first innings, although not before conceding a 150-run lead. Then, their opening duo of Rahul Dewan (31; 96b, 5x4) and Nitin Saini (46; 93b, 7x4) presented a brave face against some spirited Vidarbha bowling, putting up an 80-run opening stand.Finally, it was Vidarbha's turn to shine. After a luckless three hours in which the edges kept flowing through the third man region, Umesh Yadav again showed his wicket-taking ability, picking up the well-set Dewan and Haryana's prolific Sunny Singh in his last spell to turn the tide again in Vidarbha's favour.Haryana still trail by 47 runs, ending Day 2 at 107-3 in their second innings here at Bansilal stadium in Lahli. They are still not out of jail and their inexperienced middle order will be tested on Sunday morning.In helpful early-morning conditions, the Haryana bowlers not only needed to keep it tight but also bag some quick wickets. The trio of Mohit Sharma, Chandrapal Saini and Kuldeep Hooda did exactly what their Vidarbha counterparts had done on Friday.Discipline was the buzzword as they kept probing the Vidarbha batsmen. Their length was better and with the ball swinging and seaming, it was a different ball game for Vidarbha. Shiv Sundar Das, Shalabh Shrivastava and Ranjit Paradkar went back in the space of 17 balls. Apoorv Wankhede batted with flare on his debut and looked very much at home before trying to be cute, guiding a delivery straight to gully while trying to guide Vashisht through the vacant third-man region.It was then left to skipper Sairaj Bahutule, who yet again showed his bat prowess, adding 44 with allrounder Shreekant Wagh (44; 64b, 6x4). Wagh played some glorious drives and cut shots. A dreadful mix-up between the duo saw the downfall of Bahutule.The wicket eased out considerably in the post-lunch session and the bowlers weren't getting the same movement as compared to first hour. Considering how Bahutule did with the bat last season, his run out was a big setback for Vidarbha.The 39-year-old was not only moving well at the crease but also keeping Wagh calm in pressure situation. Wagh, however, continued positively in the company of Umesh Yadav. The ninth-wicket pair added 33 in quick time as Vidarbha managed to cross the 200-run mark. SCOREBOARD: Haryana (1st Innings): 55.Vidarbha (1st Innings, overnight 78-2): Shiv Sundar Das c N Saini b Sharma 25, Shalabh Shrivastava c Hooda b C Saini 7, Hemang Badani lbw b Hooda 3, Ranjit Paradkar lbw b C Saini 0, Apoorv Wankhede c Mishra b A Vashisht 15, Sairaj Bahutule run out (Dewan) 21, Shreekant Wagh c N Saini b Sharma 44, Umesh Yadav c N Saini b Hooda 16, Sandeep Singh not out 3; Extras: (b 1, lb 14, nb 8) 23; Total: (all out, 79 overs) 205; Fall of wickets: 1-29, 2-73, 3-93, 4-93, 5-93, 6-113, 7-118, 8-166, 9-199; Bowling: Mohit Sharma 22-6-45-3 (nb 4), Amit Vashisht 10-1-36-1 (nb 3), Kuldeep Hooda 16-1-42-2 (nb 1), Chandrapal Saini 22-8-47-3, Jayant Yadav 7-3-13-0, Amit Mishra 2-1-7-0.Haryana (2nd Innings): Nitin Saini c Chore b Fazal 46, Rahul Dewan c Chore b Yadav 31, Sunny Singh c Badani b Yadav 5; Extras: (lb 3, nb 2, w 2) 7: Total: (3 wkts, 44 overs) 103; Fall of wickets: 1-80, 2-88, 3-93; Bowling: Sandeep Singh 14-5-17-0, Umesh Yadav 13-1-44-2 (1 wd), Shreekant Wagh 9-3-21-0 (1 wd), Sairaj Bahutule 1-1-0-0, Faiz Fazal 7-1-19-1 (3 nb).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17087246", "title": "Murali Sharma speaks about KVJ", "text": "Bollywood actor Murli Sharma now days is in buzz as the actor is being appreciated for his performance in Prakash Jha movie \"Chakravyuh\" and Shamim Desaid film Rush. The actor is now looking forward to his next Telugu release Krishnam Vande Jagdguru, (starring Rana Daggubati and Nayantara) directed by Krish.Murli Sharma says, \"its great working with Telugu Stars Rana and Nayantara. It was real fun and both of them are very chilled out. I am playing a very important role and I can't say anything much about it. But surely its one of my best performances and credit goes to my movie director Krish. The film has come out well and surely it entertains all sections of the people.\"The actor is concentrating on his next Bollywood movie \"The City That Never Sleeps\" which is produced by Satish Reddy and directed by Haroon Rashid. The project has already created a good buzz for its international casting.Source: Currentweek.net", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17081258", "title": "IMG Bharata's Rao defends MoU with state govt", "text": "HYDERABAD: Ahobila Rao alias Billy Rao, whose firm IMG Bharata's agreement with Andhra Pradesh government to develop sports infrastructure in the state has now become the subject of a public interest litigation calling for a Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) probe into the deal, has now filed his counter in high court saying that the state government's decision to entrust the matter to the central agency is unlawful besides being politically motivated.This counter was filed in accordance with the direction given by high court which is hearing two public interest litigations seeking a CBI probe into the deal as the government had \"unduly entrusted 850 acres of prime land to IMG Bharata at an unconscionably low price apart from entrusting all the existing sports stadiums to this firm for a considerable duration\". Rao has claimed in his counter that the state government started interacting and communicating with IMG, Florida, the international sports entity from February 2003 onwards culminating in an MoU signed on August 9, 2003. It is not correct to say that this MoU was signed overnight without there being any prior exercise, he said.The state government had already cancelled the allotment of 400 acres of land and the remaining 450 acres of land was not yet registered in his firm's favour, says Rao, who filed this counter from USA. He also said that the state government had no power to entrust the matter to CBI without there being a prior notification from the Centre. The CBI has earlier expressed its readiness to probe the deal if the court were to entrust it with the task. The matter comes up for hearing on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17082573", "title": "Centre: Delink bar licence and star classification", "text": "KOCHI: This argument might end a catch-22 involving star rating of hotels and awarding of bar licence to them. Terming star classification of hotels \"as a voluntary scheme meant to give tourists an idea about the facilities available,\" the Centre told the Kerala high court that this formality should not be considered as a criterion for granting bar licence by the state government.Assistant solicitor general P Parameswaran Nair submitted that star ratings are issued by the Hotel and Restaurant Approval and Classification Committee (HRACC) of the tourism ministry after an inspection of the respective hotel.Existing norms of the central government insist that a hotel operator must have a bar licence for obtaining star classification. The only exception would be if local laws prohibit running a bar. But the Kerala government insists that a facility must be classified before a bar licence could be granted.However, the Centre still maintains that applications for classification would pile up if the ministry stops insisting on a valid bar licence as a prerequisite. This can result in a flood of court cases and would make the guidelines unworkable. With the Centre suggesting delinking star classification and granting of bar licences, it would now be up to the court to either order for amending the rules or redefine the legal contradiction.Meanwhile, the HC, in another case, has ruled that Centre shouldn't insist for a valid bar licence for granting four star rating. The ruling by justice T R Ramachandran Nair was while considering a petition filed by Judy Babu Thomas, managing partner of Hotel Wyte Portico at Karuvatta near Adoor, pointing out the contradiction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17081978", "title": "Gujrat ex-governor\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s death takes Modi to Bihar after 2 years", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Chief minister Narendra Modi will go to Patna on Sunday to offer condolences to the family of former governor of Gujarat and veteran BJP leader Kailashpati Mishra, who died on Saturday after a prolonged illness.Modi telephoned Rameshwar Chaurashia, the only BJP star campaigner from Bihar who was canvassing in Bhavnagar, and told him to reach Gandhinagar to accompany him to Patna. Modi also spoke to Bihar BJP unit's president C P Thakur and informed him about his visit.Modi \u00e2\u20ac\u201d who was not invited for campaigning in Bihar for the 2005 and 2010 elections following a strong protest by Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar \u00e2\u20ac\u201d is visiting the state after two years.Besides Modi, party sources confirmed condolence visits of BJP veteran L K Advani , leader of opposition in Lok Sabha Sushma Swaraj , party leader in Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley , and BJP general secretary Ananth Kumar .Modi will leave around noon and will stay at the condolence meeting for a brief period. After paying condolence, he will leave for Raipur to participate in the inauguration ceremony of Chhattisgarh's new capital, Naya Raipur.Modi will also address Chhattisgarh government's 13th Rajyotsav, which is being celebrated in line with the Vibrant Gujarat Global Business Summit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17086409", "title": "Who\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s an outsider artist?", "text": "They have no formal training. Their artistic expressions are raw, and they may discover the artist in them in their 70s. Supriya Sharma decodes the inside story of the 'outsiders'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17082206", "title": "Forgotten war memorial gets its place in history", "text": "KOLKATA: Along the eastern bank of the Hooghly, next to Vidyasagar Setu off Napier Road in Hastings, is a majestic four-sided memorial designed by British architect William Ingram Keir. It was built to honour 896 seamen on merchant ships who died during World War I between 1914 and 1918.The Lascar War Memorial unveiled by Bengal's governor Lord Lytton in 1924 was practically forgotten after Independence and lay in utter neglect. During a trip to Kolkata in the 1980s, William's son James had noted with sadness that lack of upkeep had turned the monument decrepit and surrounding grounds riddled with overgrowth.On a winter morning in 1994, commodore B K Mohanti spotted it during his morning walk and struck by its significance, decided to get it restored. James later learnt about the restoration and even saw it at a later date, but could not meet Mohanti who had retired by then and moved to Delhi.On Saturday, the two finally got to meet each other under the portals of the memorial, thanks to an initiative by Indian National Trust for Art &amp; Cultural Heritage (Intach) to popularise lesser known monuments in Kolkata. While James flew down from Hong Kong, Mohanti arrived from Delhi.\"Meeting Mohanti, who restored the splendid monument that would have otherwise crumbled, is special. Not only did he nurture one of my father's creations back to life, he helped preserve the memory of all those seamen from Bengal and Assam who were part of the collateral damage inflicted at World War I,\" said James, a philanthropist.The 100 ft memorial built in the Indo-Mughal style has prows of an ancient galley projecting from each side and is capped by four mini minarets and a large dome. Along the facade are undulating lines symbolizing waves. William, who won Rs 500 for designing it, was also the man behind the Kidderpore Bridge, buildings at Bengal Engineering and Science University in Shibpur, the Indian Institute of Technology, Kharagpur, and Islamia College. It was he who replaced the spire of St Paul's Cathedral with a tower after it was damaged in an earthquake in 1934.\"The first challenge to restore the memorial and its precincts was to determine who owned the land. Since it's in Army land, it had to be transferred to the Navy. Then the ground had to be fenced off after 200-odd trucks that used to be parked there were evicted. Now, the challenge is to keep it in good shape and make citizens of Kolkata aware that a splendid memorial for subalterns exists,\" said Mohanti.G M Kapur, convener of the Kolkata chapter of Intach, has proposed that concerts be organized on the grounds in weekend evenings to popular the memorial that still lies in relative obscurity. \"The city has a lot to offer. It is for us to connect with the heritage that makes Kolkata unique,\" said Kapur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "kishanganj", "code": "17081683", "title": "Teen lovers attemptsuicide, girl dies", "text": "KISHANGANJ: It is not known whether they ever saw the Kamal Hassan-Rati Agnihotri starrer 'Ek Duje Ke Liye' in which the lovers plunged into the sea from atop a huge rock and ended their lives after their parents' obduracy became a stumbling block in the path of their love. Shalu Kumari, 14, and Manish, 18, followed in Kamal-Rati footsteps when, they finding their love being opposed, tried to end their lives by gulping poison on Friday.They took the extreme step while being escorted back home from Siliguri to Dalsingsarai in Samastipur district in a Bolero car. They were sitting in the back seat when Shalu's father, Amarnath noticed that both the teenagers, Shalu and Manish, started vomiting when their car was approaching Islampur ( West Bengal ), some 27km from Kishanganj. They were rushed to MGM Medical College and Hospital on Friday evening, close relatives told mediapersons at the hospital. Shalu succumbed at MGM Medical College and Hospital late on Friday night. Manish is, however, out of danger now, Kishanganj SHO Manoj Kumar Singh said.Cousins, Shalu and Manish fell in love, and aware of the hurdles in the path of love they were dangerously treading, they decided to elope to Siliguri on October 28. However, becoming aware of the depleting state of their wallet, Manish decided to return to Dalsingsarai after staying for three days at Siliguri, sources said.Shalu's father rushed to Siliguri with some relatives to find the two waiting for them at the railway station on Friday morning. Initially, they were reluctant to go back to Dalsingsarai. They, however, buckled after a lot of persuasion. On their way back home in a Bolero, the lovers decided to emulate Vasu and Sapna, the roles played by Hassan and Agnihotri. Nobody knows, however, when they swallowed poison.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17081220", "title": "BJP dares Congress with \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcBlack Day\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "NEW DELHI: The stage is set for a trial of strength between the ruling Congress at the Centre and in Delhi and the main opposition BJP on Sunday. With the Congress throwing its entire strength behind the \"maha rally\" to be addressed by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , Sonia Gandhi and AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi at Ramlila Maidan, the BJP has decided to observe a 'Black Day' and hold protests across the city over FDI in retail, corruption and inflation.On Saturday, Ramlila Maidan was put under a heavy security cover. Mobilization of crowds is now top priority for the Congress leadership which got down to getting its numbers right to fill the venue which has a capacity of about 2 lakh.While the Congress prepared to woo the \"aam admi\" at a time when the taint of corruption hounds UPA-II, Delhi BJP geared up on Saturday for its 'Black Day', which will be marked by public meetings and protests with black flags across the city. The protests have been strategically organized at different points through the day for the entire duration of the Congress rally. From Vikas Marg in east Delhi to points around Badarpur and Govindpuri in the south, Kingsway Camp in the north and Tilak Nagar market in the west, the BJP has chosen 14 strategic locations.\"The BJP has decided to oppose FDI in Delhi with full force,\" Delhi BJP President Vijender Gupta said. Akhil Bharatiya Udhyog Vyapar Mandal and other trader organisations like Confederation of All India Traders will also hold protests.The Congress is taking no chances. Around 1500 private buses will be on duty from 7 am to ferry people, largely from the interiors and outskirts of Delhi's underbelly - the slums, unauthorized colonies and rural Delhi. While the much-awaited address of the ruling Congress leadership is expected around 1 pm, the grounds will be abuzz from morning.For instance, chief minister Sheila Dikshit has assigned responsibility for arranging and managing the 1500 buses to her transport minister Ramakant Goswami. Health minister Dr AK Walia is coordinating the emergency response system with ambulances and hospitals kept on alert. PWD minister Raj Kumar Chauhan is in-charge of the tents.Power minister Haroon Yusuf has the task of crowd mobilization in central and old Delhi. Urban development minister Arvinder Singh Lovely , in-charge of east Delhi, feels about 25,000 people would make it to the rally from his area. South Delhi MP Ramesh Kumar, with the backing of outer Delhi strongman Sajjan Kumar, is preparing to deliver a good crowd. West Delhi MP Mahabal Mishra and MLA Mukesh Sharma too have been given similar tasks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17081975", "title": "Rs 100 cr found in biggest ever I-T raid in Raj", "text": "JAIPUR: The investigation wing of the Income Tax department on Saturday claimed to have detected an undisclosed income of Rs 100 crore, the biggest ever in the state, during the searches at the residential and business premises of a city-based business group and its associates.The I-T searches began on Wednesday and went till Saturday. So far, 30 premises belonging to the group and its associates have been searched. Documents seized from eight premises are still being analyzed.Sunil Mathur, director (investigations), I-T told TOI that \"Till Thursday we managed to unearth an undisclosed income of Rs 60 crore and seized Rs 1.23 crore. Further investigations led to unearthing more undisclosed money. Till Saturday evening, the amount stands at over Rs 100 crore. So far, we have seized Rs 3.75 crore.\"The officials claim this is the biggest-ever undisclosed income detected in the state. \"As far as I am concerned, in April 2012 we had detected an undisclosed income of Rs 71 crore. We had not reached a figure of over Rs 100 crore earlier,\" Mathur added.These documents reveal receipt and payment of unaccounted money for acquisition of properties, they said.It may be recalled that the IT (Investigations) had started survey at the residential and business premises of a business group and its associates dealing in jewellery, commodities, shares and real estate. During the operation 30 premises of this group and its associates were covered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17081407", "title": "Two killed while fixing tractor on Noida Expressway", "text": "NOIDA: Two more lives were lost in an accident on Noida-Greater Noida Expressway on Saturday. The victims were repairing a broken axle of their tractor-trolley when a speeding Swift allegedly hit them from behind. After the accident, the expressway was jammed for several hours, leaving commuters stranded.The deceased have been identified as Vinod and Govind. Another victim, Dinesh Upadhaya, has sustained serious injuries, police said. The four occupants of the tractor, all residents of Aligarh, were returning home from Narela when the accident took place. \"The tractor-trolley they were travelling in, broke down near Sector 126, opposite Amity University,\" said a cop.\"The occupants then got off to repair the vehicle. Suddenly, a white Swift coming at high speed rammed into the tractor,\" said a witness. \"The collision left the Swift mangled. One person died on the spot, while two were seriously injured. The errant driver abandoned his car and escaped in the ensuing melee,\" he added. Ishrar, the only person left unscathed, took the injured to the district hospital in Sector 30, where one of the men succumbed to his injuries. A police van arrived at the spot and took the dead to the mortuary.There has been no let-up in accidents on the expressway since it opened nearly a decade ago, earning itself a 'killer tag'. Since July, nearly 15 people have lost their lives here, of which 80% of the accidents have been caused by stationary vehicles, police said. \"No one should park their vehicles on the expressway and if a vehicle breaks down, cops should be alerted,\" said Dharmender Singh Yadav, traffic inspector, Noida. A case has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "17082390", "title": "Winged guests on way, jheel a dumpyard", "text": "HOWRAH: Unlike last year when a group of nature lovers took it upon themselves to weed out hyacinth in the Santragachi Jheel, the lake was cleaned well in advance by the forest department this time to welcome the winged guests. The first flock of migratory birds was also spotted at the lake a few days ago. But with the indiscriminate dumping of sewage in the waterbody, questions are being raised if the birds would want to stay back.Though residents and nature lovers are concerned about contamination, the Howrah Municipal Corporation (HMC) does not seem bothered. They even took up the issue with the civic body, but the latter is yet to draw up a remedial blueprint. Meanwhile, an NGO has decided to examine the water in a government laboratory to test the level of toxicity.With thousands of litres of filth from 12 sewage outlets being emptied directly into the 10-hectare waterbody on a daily basis, it stands high chances of contamination. Domestic waste dumped in bins installed by HMC around the jheel also find their way into the lake as does waste water from the local Baksara market. If this continues, Santragachi Jheel - one of the richest biodiversity spots on the outskirts of the city - may soon be wiped out, fear environmentalists.Every year around this time, thousands of migratory birds from North Asia and Europe flock to the wetland, turning it into a hotspot for ornithologists. Baikal Teal from East Russia, Lesser Whistiling Duck and Fulvous Whistling Duck from Himalayas, Gadwall from Russia, Pintail from Siberia, Shoveller from South Asia and Cotton Pigmy Goose had arrived at the lake even last year after it was cleaned by NGOs.The forest department weeded the hyacinths about two months ago. Five artificial islands of bamboo and dry hyacinth were also constructed to provide a sanctuary to the birds. Howrah divisional forest officer Goutam Ckakrobarty said: \"We have more plans for development. Dry tree branches will be installed on the islands to enable birds to perch. Temporary nesting provisions will also be made.\"However, the DFO is worried that all these efforts may go waste if sewage continues to be dumped into the lake, polluting it beyond redemption. \"I have drawn the attention of the civic body several times but am unaware if they have taken note of the matter. No one has contacted me yet,\" Chakraborty said.In 2010, the forest department removed 100 trucks of solid waste from the jheel. It plans to clean the lake again this year, but pointed out that the effort may not help unless sewage is treated before dumping into the lake and solid waste is properly managed.Nature lover Sujan Chatterjee said solid waste as well as pollutants like polybags, plastic and thermocol abounds the waterbody. If toxic chemicals and metals continue to be released into the water, contamination in imminent.\"HMC should urgently take steps to manage waste and sewage disposal in the area. At the same time, an awareness campaign has to be launched in the neighbourhood to stop residents from dumping waste in the lake. It is everyone's duty to to save the waterbody,\" he said.Raja Chatterjee, secretary of NGO Junglee, said that he had drawn the Howrah mayor's attention to the issue but it failed to yield fruit. The NGO has therefore decided to get the lake's water tested at a government laboratory and then talk to HMC and state government.\"Different types of waste from adjoining houses and the market are thrown into the lake. We (local residents) love the jheel, but we have no option. There is no roadside drainage system on Jheelpar Road where we can dispose the waste. If HMC constructs a covered drain and connects it to the high drain, situation will improve,\" said Gobinda Saha.When asked, local councillor and MMIC of HMC, Samir Saha said that they would need funds from the state government to construct drains in the area. \"Outlets to the jheel are very old. We should not be blamed. We think domestic waste is not harmful for the lake. Though we have no scientific reports, I think water from households cannot contaminate the waterbody,\" he said.Saha added that the civic body has taken steps within its limit to stop the pollution of the lake and was also trying to create awareness among people.Indiscriminate dumping of sewage into Santragachi Jheel threatens to spoil one of the richest biodiversity spots on the outskirts of the city. Each year, thousands of migratory birds from north Asia and Europe flock to the 10-hectare wetland in winter. That's when the jheel turns into a hotspot for ornithologists, who get to sight various species of exotic birds from areas as far flung as Siberia and Germany .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17082494", "title": "Fair washed out in unseasonal rain", "text": "RANCHI: Incessant rains marred the Diwali Utsav 2012, organised by Jharkhand IAS Officers Wives' Association (JIASOWA) which began Friday evening. The second day of the five-day fair could not bring a smile on the faces of the stall owners.Subhashis Kumar, who came from West Bengal and put up a stall of decorative items made of sea shells ranging from Rs 30 to Rs 1500, said, \"Yesterday I earned only Rs 100 and today also business was bad. Because of the rains many people are not coming to the fair. Also, many products that were kept in the stalls throughout the night got wet.\"Similar is the situation with of the stall of Benarasi Silk Sarees. Abdul, Gaffar Mirza, who put up the stall said, \"We came all the way from Varanasi hoping that the sale would be good but I have not been able to sell even a single saree in the past two days as not many people are coming to the fair.\"Secretary of JIASOWA, Sarita Pandey, said, \"Rain definitely has an impact on the number of people visiting but we can see people coming in whenever rain stops. In the past two days, we have sold almost 1000 tickets.\"She also said, \"As less people are coming because of rain, we are planning to extend the fair for one or two more days so that the stall owners don't incur loss.\"The fair has a range of items from clothes, shoes and fashion accessories to home decor. In the clothes section, embroidery and crochet items are most popular among people. Shila Kumar, who owns a stall of crochet items, said, \"I work from home and when I was approached by JIASOWA I readily agreed as this can be a time to gain some popularity. I have various crochet items like table covers and wall hangings ranging from Rs 50 to Rs 500.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17082031", "title": "BJP MLA and minister Parshottam Solanki, dmitted to Sterling hospital following a brain hemorrhage", "text": "AHMEDABAD: BJP MLA and minister of state for fisheries Parshottam Solanki, was admitted to Sterling hospital following a brain hemorrhage.Nikhil Lala, chief medical officer, Sterling Hospital confirmed that Solanki had been admitted to the hospital. On Friday he said, \"Solanki collapsed and was rushed to hospital. Later on, he was diagnosed to be suffering from a brain hemorrhage. Solanki's condition was stable and was under observation. After routine tests, treatment has begun.\"Solanki was recently in the news for the fisheries scam. One Ishaq Maradia, alleged that in 2009, the minister had granted fishing contracts without any tendering process, and that this cost the government Rs. 400 crore.s", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17082348", "title": "Absence of defacement law irks poll officials", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17085197", "title": "Selena Gomez in chest enhancing frock", "text": "Selena Gomez , who's known for being the cute face of Disney and not even old enough to drink alcohol in America, proved that she's not a child anymore in a grown up and glamorous cover shoot for US Glamour .The 'Wizards of Waverly Place' star oozed sex appeal in a range of low-cut dresses for her spread in the famous magazine, which is sure to not just set her boyfriend Justin Bieber's heart-a flutter.The 20-year-old appears on the front cover of the December issue in stunning gold Zac Posen dress, the Daily Mail reported.The strapless sweetheart neckline enhanced the singer's assets, creating ample cleavage.Surrounded by red balloons that match her red lipstick, the singer has a surprised look on her face.Inside the magazine she is featured wearing a number of other sophisticated frocks which exude Hollywood glamour.In one snap she is wearing a floor-length strapless red gown and clutching a white fur shawl, and seductively biting down on a red lolly pop which matches her lipstick.In another she wears a low-cut black dress with sheer panelling as she gazes at the camera while pulling at its straps.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17086824", "title": "I got to romance Shah Rukh Khan: Manjari Fadnis", "text": "So what if it was only for a TV commercial, actor Manjari Fadnis loved every moment of itManjari Fadnis, who was last seen on the big screen in the Kannada film Munjaane, which fizzled at the box office, is currently busy with two Bollywood projects - Warning and Grand Masti. But the actor, who is best known for her work in Jaane Tu...Ya Jaane Na, is at the moment most excited about her TV commercial for the Hyundai i10 car with the King Khan himself.\"I got to romance Shah Rukh Khan ! I will never forget the day we shot for the ad, May 18, 2012. For a week before the shoot, I couldn't sleep, I was nervous and my heart was in my mouth. What's interesting is that I am not a big SRK fan. In fact, I'm more of an Aamir fan and yet here I was hyperventilating. SRK has this aura about him. He was very sweet to me on the sets and working with him was a beautiful moment,\" she says. The actor also urges everyone to catch the TVC on video-sharing sites. \"The TV spot is just about 45 secs, while the full version is a good minute and a half,\" she says.Sent from my iPad-- Prathibha Joy I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everyone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17082639", "title": "Ranchi Municipal Corporation to install 1,250 new lights across Ranchi", "text": "RANCHI: The festival of lights will be brighter this year in the city. The Ranchi Municipal Corporation has plans to install 1,250 extra lights in areas where there's little illumination. Over 600 lights have already been installed in the HEC area and in around 13 wards.RMC has asked Bright Neon Agency (BNA), the agency responsible for the maintenance of street lights in the state capital, to ensure the remaining 650 lights are installed before Diwali. \"We hope to have lights in every street. It should be a brighter Diwali this year,\" said Nagendra Dubey, electricity-in-charge, RMC.The civic body is also stressing on better maintenance of existing street lights. BNA has been asked to repair lights which are not working. \"The agency has been asked to maintain night surveillance to check the condition of lights. The time frame to rectify the defunct lights is 24 hours,\" said an official.The RMC deputy chief executive officer, Gopalji Tiwari, said municipality officials are also monitoring the maintenance system for optimum results.Sanjeev Vijayvergiya, councillor of Ward No 10, said, \"Our long pending demand has been fulfilled.\"Lights have been installed in Ward Nos 3, 4, 6, 8, 10, 12, 14, 29, 32, 33 and 37. \"The lights will also discourage crimes like eve-teasing,\" said another councillor, Arvind Singh Deowal.\"There are around 17,000 electric poles in the municipal area and of this around 20 per cent are invariably defunct,\" said a source. A supervisor with BNA said, \"At night we check out the streetlights and in the daytime we rectify them.\"BNA has strength of 31 field staff led by supervisors. Almost everyday their vehicle can be seen moving into Main Road, Bariyatu, Kanke, Harmu bypass and Ratu Road to check the condition of streetlights.The Jharkhand State Electricity Board (JSEB) is also gearing up to make sure that power crisis does not play spoilsport during the festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17083097", "title": "Are we losing the war on Cancer?", "text": "A hundred of the world's leading cancer specialists descended on Lugano in Switzerland last weekend to formulate a 10-point action plan to finish off what President Richard Nixon started on 23 December 1971, when he signed the US National Cancer Act. Although the Act does not use the phrase \"war on cancer\" , this was how it was widely received at the time.Most Americans thought a cure for cancer would be discovered within five years - emulating the technological success of landing a man on the Moon. But more than 40 years later , few experts talk of a single cure for the 200 known types of cancer. The optimism of the early 1970s has given way to the dogged determinism of a cancer community under siege from the growing global epidemic.\"Curing cancer is certainly more complicated than landing on the Moon,\" said Peter Krammer of the German Cancer Research Centre in Heidelberg , one of the experts who attended the World Oncology Forum.People need to realise that there are two types of war on cancer - one focused on a cure for patients and the other based on the elimination of the disease, said Umberto Veronesi, a veteran oncologist and a former Italian health minister.\"In 40 years, we've nearly doubled the curability rates for cancer and in another 40 years it is reasonable to assume that we'll get near total curability ,\" Dr Veronesi told the forum. \"But the second goal of eliminating cancer from the population is a Utopian dream because the incidence of cancer is increasing not decreasing. We can cure a patient but as soon as we cure one patient, another patient arrives.\"Some cancers today are indeed curable compared with 40 years ago - provided, of course, that they are detected early enough. For instance, some types of testicular cancer that are 100 per cent curable today were invariably fatal half a century ago.But cancer is still a leading cause of disease worldwide, accounting for around 13 per cent of all deaths in 2008. As the developing world becomes richer , those countries are also being affected by the cancers of the westernised world, which are dominated by the health impacts of smoking. If recent trends continue, according to the WHO, the global burden of cancer will increase to 22 million new cases each year by 2030 - a 75 per cent increase compared with 2008.\"We don't talk about the war on cancer because it's almost cliched. But perhaps it's time to revive it and look at it again,\" said Douglas Hanahan , director of the Swiss Institute for Experimental Cancer Research in Lausanne. We are winning some battles in the war, but most of the time we are losing them, essentially because cancer is a disease of extraordinary complexity, he told the meeting .-- The Independent", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17081774", "title": "Angioplasty or bypass surgery? Debate rages at doctors' meet", "text": "HYDERABAD: One of the biggest medical controversies \"stenting or bypass surgery - which is better in Ischemic heart disease\" came up for debate at a two-day national conference of cardiothoracic surgeons, inaugurated at Nizam's Institute of Medical Sciences (Nims) on Saturday.The shift over the last few years to angioplasty and stenting from bypass was termed a triumph of marketing over science by an expert even as another expert termed angioplasty and stenting a good option for a majority of multiple vessel heart disease patients.Bypass surgery involves taking a blood vessel from elsewhere in the body and grafting it to the heart to bypass a blocked artery.Surgeons must cut open the patient's breastbone to access the heart, and a full recovery can take up to 12 weeks, including an initial period of convalescing under intensive care treatment.Angioplasty, also called Percutaneous Coronary Intervention (PCI), has become an increasingly common alternative to open-heart surgery largely, said experts because the procedure is less taxing, leaves no big scars like in bypass procedure and promises quick recovery.Speaking in favour of bypass surgery, professor Nirmal Gupta, head of the cardiothoracic surgery department at Sanjay Gandhi Postgraduate Institute of Medical Sciences, Lucknow, said that at the end of the day, it is not the length of the scar that matters but the length of an event-free life which was more important.He said that for patients with three vessel disease, bypass is a preferred treatment. All diabetics with blocked vessels must be subjected to bypass, he added. According to Dr Sheshagiri Rao, head of the cardiology department at Nims, who spoke for angioplasty and stenting, as per the available data angioplasty and stenting are good options even for patients suffering from multi vessel disease.\"Only a subset of patients with severe triple vessel disease and other complications can benefit as a result of a surgery. Otherwise, for the rest of the patients, there is no difference in survival rate between PCI and bypass,\" said Dr Rao.Angioplasty is simpler and the patient can resume his work quickly. There would be no big scar and post operative complications, he added.The experts were ambiguous and said that a wide range of factors come into play in deciding whether a patient needs stenting or bypass surgery.Factors considered before making a choice include the distribution of blockages and the severity of symptoms. Dr Gupta concluded that with bypass, the quality of life is better.He also urged the need to form a heart team in every hospital involving a surgeon, interventional and non-invasive cardiologist that the focus is on the patient and not on the individual skill bias.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "jabalpur", "code": "17081825", "title": "Congmen court arrest, Jab-Bhopal highway jam for 3 hrs", "text": "JABALPUR: Charging the state government with deliberate neglect in the repair of the NH12 , hundreds of Congressmen jammed the Jabalpur- Bhopal highway for three hours on Saturday. Traffic came to a halt and utter chaos prevailed as party workers staged a high drama of digging and ploughing the non-existent road and sprinkling seeds on the bypass near the school for handicapped , in the presence of thousands of stranded commuters.Situation could only be brought under control after the Congressmen courted arrest and were led away by the district police to the make-shift jail in the stadium.Interestingly , as the city grapples with a dismal road network with all the three major national highway NH12 NH12a and NH7 turning into a traffic nightmare, both the BJP and Congress are pulling in different directions. The BJP is demanding maintenance of NH7, the Congress is rooting for repair works in NH12.\"There have been 107 major and minor accidents on the route in the last one month\" said Raju Mishra the KGB block head. NH 12, he said, has become a death trap and no one seems to be bothered about the situation.\"City corporators participating in the protest even demanded security for their freshly sown field\" from the sub divisional magistrate who had rushed to the scene with force. The agitation is likely to intensify in coming days if there are no immediate remedial measures taken by the authorities , the city/district Congressmen have warned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17082672", "title": "New case ensures busy days for special city court", "text": "CHENNAI: With just four cases on its table, and only one being heard at regular intervals, the additional sessions court - X here was thought to be counting its days. Not so now: Firstly, the long-pending disproportionate assets case against former AIADMK minister S Kannappan (now Raja Kannappan) has entered the trial phase; and secondly a number of political cases of recent origin are to be transferred to this court, functioning out of a nondescript hall at the Singaravelar Maligai housing the Chennai district collectorate.The court, one of the three special courts originally formed in 1996 to try 47 graft cases registered against former chief minister, ministers and civil servants, has just four dockets - two each against politicians and former bureaucrats -- as on date. Till recently only the case relating to former IAS officer Deenadayalan was being taken up for hearing regularly.Of the 140 witnesses arraigned against him, six were examined. The case against him was that he had committed several irregularities in the procurement of outdoor play equipment and furniture for the noon-meal and anganwadi centres in the state.Now, with the examination of the first of the 388 witnesses on October 31, Raja Kannappan's case has come back to life. \"It is indeed a mega case involving 20 accused persons, 388 witnesses and the alleged misappropriation / disproportionate assets worth Rs 11.1 crore. The case is posted to November 5 for further hearing. After the Diwali break, the trial pick up further momentum,\" a source said.The trial concerns only 18 accused, as two others - Raja Kannappan's wife Nalayini and mother Kalachi - died during the pendency of the trial. On October 31, village administrative officer of Athapadakki village in Sivaganga district, Vellaichamy, was examined in the court. A chargesheet in the case was filed on June 8, 2005.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17082697", "title": "BCCI open to appeals on age test", "text": "MUMBAI: The 11 players of the Mumbai U-16 team who failed the age verification tests, conducted by the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) in mid-September at the Raheja Hospital in the city, need not lose heart altogether.While the Board stands by its new method to check age fraud, known as TW3 (Tanner-Whitehouse 3) bone maturation process, it is willing to listen to the appeals of the players. \"There is a provision of appeal in such cases. The board president (currently N Srinivasan) will appoint an appeals commissioner. He will deal with such cases. The board has an age verification programme committee, which includes members of the junior cricket committee of the board (one member from each of the five zones), and a few office-bearers,\" Ratnakar Shetty, Chief Administrative Officer (CAO), BCCI , told TOI on Saturday. Shetty explained that if a particular appeal case appeared genuine to the committee, then that case would be forwarded to a third expert.Shetty said that the Board had forwarded a document which explains how the new system works, which the state associations were supposed to share with the parents. \"It explains what the process means, and why we are implementing it. It says why we are going for the TW3 method (bone fusion) and not the chronological process (age certificates),\" he said.Meanwhile, the Mumbai Cricket Association (MCA), which will take up the cases of the 11 kids, who have failed the test, excluded these players from the Shatkar Trophy (U-16 tourney) teams named on Saturday.\"Those boys who are cleared by the Board, will be considered for the Vijay Merchant Trophy,\" said PV Shetty, joint secretary, MCA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17083860", "title": "Surgeon speaks on errors doctors make", "text": "City surgeon Dr Ashok Tahiliani recently addressed two international conferences, one in Ajman, UAE organised by Gulf Medical University and international medical science Academy and the other in New Delhi on 'Why doctors make mistakes and how to prevent them' in which he disclosed that medical error was third leading cause of death in US after Cancer and Heart attacks. Medical error is estimated to kill nearly 1,80,000 people in US every year while 42,116 are killed in car accidents and around 120 people are killed in airline crashes. He pointed out, studies in US have shown that majority of medical errors are either caused by prescription or a side effect to a prescribed drug and a majority of these are preventable by ordinary medical care.One in 10 patients admitted to hospitals suffers due to medical errors also called adverse event. Medical error results in deaths, permanent disability, unnecessary suffering and extra cost of treatment. Medical error has been estimated to cost the US health care system about about $ 76.6 billion every year (Rs 3.83 lakh crore), and to the hospital $ 4,000/ per adverse event (Rs 2 lakh ). Dr Tahiliani revealed that accidents are being translated as medical negligence resulting in criminalisation of fatal medical mistakes. He said the consumer protection act to protect patient does not differentiate between accidents, negligence, recklessness and error of judgement for example if a patient dies of a heart attack on the road it is an accident whereas if he dies on the operation table it is treated as negligence.'Jashn-e-Ghadir': On the occasion of 'Jashn-e-Ghadir', a programme will be organsied at Dargah Hazrat Abbas at Dariyabad. Imam Juma of Shia jama Masjid Syed Hasan Raza would lead the 'Zuhr' (afternoon) namaz. Shabbir Shaukat Azmi and Prof Abdul Qasim would address the gathering.Gymnastics Utsav: Gymnastics Utsav 'Rendezvous 2012' will be organised at Khelgaon, Jhalwa on Sunday. Chairman of CBSE Vineet Joshi will be the chief guest of the programme. The major attractions of the Gymnastics Utsav will be aerobatic display, cultural programmes, Power Point presentation of students quality circle and a display by the children of Khelgaon aspiring for medals in Olympics 2024.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17081566", "title": "As mining revenue slides, govt borrowings climb", "text": "PANAJI: With uncertainty over the resumption of mining in the state, Goa government is borrowing money from the market for the second time in less than two months. The government has sought to borrow Rs 150 crore through sale of 10-year Goa government stock (securities).It had borrowed Rs 200 crore on September 18, to meet development expenditure. Soon after the BJP came to power it had borrowed Rs 150 crore. The proceeds of this loan too will be utilized for financing capital expenditure in connection with development programmes.The government has also decided to pay its employees a Diwali bonus and will require Rs 15 crore to meet this assurance.TOI had reported that the government had set a target of over Rs 800 crore as earnings from mining royalty for 2012-13. Earnings from this industry have fallen short until now. The state's borrowing limit, set by the planning commission, is Rs 1,300 crore per year.\"Consent of the Central government has been obtained to float the loan as required by Article 293(3) of the Constitution,\" principal secretary finance, B Vijayan, said in the order.The stock will be auctioned through Reserve Bank of India's Mumbai office on Tuesday and the interest rate will be determined by RBI.\"Bids for the auction should be submitted in electronic format,\" Vijayan said. The auction's result will be available on the RBI website the same day and payment by successful bidders will have to be made on Wednesday.The tenure of the stock will commence on November 7, 2012 and, the loan will be repaid at par on November 7, 2022. \"Interest will be paid on May 7 and November 7 every year,\" Vijayan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17081614", "title": "Traders protest no-parking on Oppanakara Street", "text": "COIMBATORE: As many as 72 merchants and their staff were arrested on Saturday for blocking traffic on the busy Oppanakkara Street to protest new measures announced by city police regarding parking during Diwali.City police had on Friday announced that only shoppers will be allowed to park on Oppanakara Street during Diwali and had requested shop owners and their employees to park their vehicles elsewhere. The idea was enable shoppers to have a better time without being bothered with the rush.City police officials had earlier held talks with merchants and their staff and advised them that they should not park their two wheelers on the street and the merchants should make their own parking arrangement of their two wheelers.On Saturday, the shopkeepers downed the shutters and blocked traffic on the busy stretch. Traffic was disturbed for at least 20 minutes. Variety Hall Road police inspector T H Ganesh and his team tried to pacify the merchants and their staffs and call off the protest. But they refused. Police arrested 72 merchants and staff members. They were booked under section 141 (unlawful assembly) and 341 (wrongful restraint) of IPC.According to police, the shopkeepers had agreed not to park their two wheelers on the busy stretch, but they violated the agreement on Saturday. So, the traffic police fined them for not obeying rules and regulation. Police clarified that the public can park their two wheelers on Oppanakkara Street so that festive sales are not be affected.However, shopkeepers complain that they have no other place to park their vehicles.Police have also asked shopkeepers and their staff on Cross Cut Road not to park their two wheelers on the road. Police warned them that the vehicles would be seized and owners fined if the regulations are not followed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17081562", "title": "State schools' new meal plan likely next year", "text": "NASHIK: The state's central kitchen system to provide mid-day meals at government-run primary schools from June 2012 is likely to will materialize only one year later and is likely to materialize only in the next academic year.The state has only inched towards meeting its goal plan attaining the goal by handing over the letter of intent (LOI) to those who are willing to start the centralized kitchen programme. \"The state government has issued an LOI to groups that were willing to take up the responsibility of provide the meals - a task hitherto allotted to women-self-help groups (SHGs). This is just the beginning, as the process involves setting up infrastructure followed by the interested party entering into an agreement with the government. The process is unlikely to begin anytime before the end of current academic year,\" a senior education department official said.According to the official, once the LOI is handed and interested parties are approved of, the government will then have to carry out an inspection of the infrastructure. The sanction could be given around February, after which the government could then enter into agreement with the party. Since school vacations would follow thereafter, it is more likely that the central kitchen system would be allocated only in the next academic year, the official said.The Nashik education department also received communication from the state on Thursday asking officials to continue contracts with SHGs till further notice. \"Around June 2012, the state had asked that there be no new agreement with SHGs, however, its newest communication says that SHGs be asked to provide mid-day meals till further notice,\" a department official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "mangalore/bangalore", "code": "17083286", "title": "BJP tells party not to criticize BSY", "text": "MANGALORE/BANGALORE: The BJP has ramped up its efforts to mollify former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa and retain him in the party.After state BJP leaders initiated the process of persuading Yeddyurappa to stay back by starting a dialogue with the high command, senior vice-president of the state unit K Bhanuprakash on Saturday asked partymen not to criticize the former CM even if he makes anti-party statements.\"No one should criticize him. Yeddyurappa is a prominent leader who played a major role in the party. Efforts are on to keep him. All leaders should refrain from making statements which hurt him,\" he told reporters in Mangalore.According to him, Yeddyurappa is different from all other political leaders in the party. \"We can't say BJP will not suffer in the elections if he leaves the party. It's not fair to call him corrupt based on cases filed against him. The court has not held him guilty in any case so far,\" Bhanuprakash added. A delegation of state BJP leaders met national leaders in New Delhi on October 30 to apprise them of the political situation here. \"We'll wait for the decision of the central leadership to take a final call on Yeddyurappa ,\" Bhanuprakash said.Meanwhile, state BJP president KS Eshwarappa warned party MLA Nehru Olekar and MP GS Basavaraj, close aides of the former CM, of action if they continued to talk down the party and its leadership . Olekar and Basavaraj indulged in anti-party statements along with Yeddyurappa .Despite the efforts to retain him, the former CM is working flat out to float his regional party. On Friday, he inspected the site in Haveri district for the launch on December 10. He's preparing to host a pre-launch meeting there on November 9. Ministers in the Shettar government loyal to Yeddyurappa have decided to share the dais with him without resigning from the ministry. They plan to make their next move in January.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17081350", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation apathy continues to choke and kill trees", "text": "NAGPUR: Even after a year, the garden department of Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) is yet to issue tenders for clearing the mouth of trees choked due to cementing and tiling. This apathy has resulted into the city losing many huge trees, an irreparable loss to the environment.A huge tree near Bajaj Nagar square is on the verge of being uprooted. However, this tree can be saved if timely steps are initiated. Some branches of the tree are still green and the garden department can help revive it.This is not an isolated case. Many trees have fallen prey to bureaucratic apathy and lack of speedy measures. TOI has been repeatedly highlighting the fact that trees in the city have been dying a slow death due to choking. A huge tree near VCA is a fitting example of the apathy of NMC officials towards the green cover in the city. This tree is left with no leaves and stands with a forlorn look. But the NMC officials are still in their slumber.It's been over a year now, since the then standing committee chairman Sandeep Joshi had issued orders and released funds worth Rs 30 lakh to the garden department to clear the mouths of the trees. A number of trees on major roads in the city including Wardha Road, North Ambazari Road, West and East High Court Road are already choked and waiting to die. But nothing has been done till date to save them.Garden superintendent NB Shrikhande said that there were some administrative issues and that papers for the work had been sent to the commissioner's office. \"There are some queries from the commissioner's office. Once we clear the queries, we will get a go ahead signal from the commissioner's office,\" he said.On why the department had taken more than a year to sort out the administrative issues, Shrikhande said that the financial year had changed since the money was given to them and that \"all these things require time.\" But between all this paper work, the city trees are losing their fight against concretization. A leading internet portal has already raised an alarm over the deteriorating green cover of the city. Choking has been mentioned as the major reason for dying trees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17081115", "title": "15 choppers to be used to flush out Naxals from Andhra-Odisha Border", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: If the state police boss has his way, the Maoists are in for trouble what with the state government planning a massive assault to wipe out the rebels from the Andhra-Odisha Border (AOB) which is one of their strongholds in the country after the Dandakaranya region in Chhattisgarh.DGP Dinesh Reddy said here on Saturday that 15 helicopters would be deployed soon to track and flush out Maoists from the dense jungles of AOB. He said the all-out operation against the Naxals would be launched in less than three months.Speaking to newsmen after inaugurating the CRPF barracks at the district Armed Reserved cops grounds at Kailasagiri, Dinesh Reddy said the anti-Naxal operations would be carried out under the guidance of the Unified Command. The decision was taken in Delhi recently, sources said.The DGP said the unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) would be available for full-fledged operations within three-four months. The UAV would be manned from Madhurapudi airport in Rajahmundry. The DGP said CRPF, Odisha Special Police, Greyhounds and the district police would be involved in the combing operations.\"The police would use the choppers for deployment of forces and to provide logistics for them. The choppers would drop the security men and pick them up to avoid landmine blasts,\" a senior police official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17082624", "title": "New book traces India\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s growth saga", "text": "CHENNAI: When he was 16, Akash Kapur went to America in search of better opportunities. More than a decade later, he moved back to his home country for the same reason.\"India had become the land of opportunity and a reverse migration was taking place,\" says Kapur, who returned to India in 2003. But soon he realised that along with the tremendous growth came \"something else less happy\" - environmental degradation and destruction of traditional ways.The fields of peanut and rice he was surrounded with while growing up as a child in Auroville near Puducherry had given way to gated communities, shopping complexes and colleges. The potholed tar road that cut through rice fields and sleepy fishing villages had transformed into the East Coast Road, a 160km highway lined by resorts, restaurants and theatres.\"I was bewildered and confused by it and that's when my book began taking shape in my mind,\" says the writer, whose work 'India Becoming' will be launched in Chennai on November 5. \"It is my attempt to understand the changes.\"The book looks at the winds of change sweeping through India through the lives of people in small towns and villages of south India. You meet Sathy, who witnesses the end of the feudal system in his village, Molasur, near Auroville. And Harikumar, who moves from Tindivanam to Chennai to earn a business degree, and finds his fortune in the ITES sector. The shandies or cow markets of Molasur also tell a tale of modernisation and urbanisation. Cow brokers prospered as Indians became richer, moved to cities and began eating more beef. The per capita beef consumption in India increased by about 60% between 1990 and the late 2000s.Along with progress, Kapur also captures a sense of loss. \"While researching, I spoke to a lot of people, understood their lives and realised that many were viewing the change with mixed feelings,\" says Kapur, who views development as a process of creative destruction. \"There was a great sense of opportunity and gain but also a sense of loss, especially among farmers.\"So you have the farmer who sells his land outside Tindivanam and starts a food catering business. \"It is the moderate Indian success story but he also told me that farming is in his blood and it was hard to see his village change,\" says Kapur, who followed the lives of the people he wrote about for about five years. \"One of the most moving things he said is that he hoped to make enough money to buy back the land he had sold.\"The author stresses that his book is not a negative take on India's development. But he is concerned with some of the changes, like the death of farming in India.While the book does touch on life in cities like Chennai, Bangalore and Mumbai, the focus is firmly on rural India. \"About 70% of India still lives in the countryside, what goes on there is more complex,\" he says. \"The geography of villages is delineated by caste and that has changed over time with real estate development.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17086201", "title": "Men on the run", "text": "They are men in their late 30s, 40s and 50s. And they love to run marathons \u00e2\u20ac\u201d so much so that they plan their travel itineraries to match the dates of the biggest marathons held across the world. Amin Ali catches up with this new breed. Thirty-something Renaud Palliere is no athlete. In fact, this high-flying business development head wouldn't even want to be one. His corporate career barely allows him time for a jog and only takes him from hotel rooms to airports. But he has two strong passions \u00e2\u20ac\u201d travelling and running. And he realised that the only way to club both the passions is to run a marathon! Well, Palliere isn't the only one riding the marathon bandwagon. He belongs to the increasing tribe of marathon runners \u00e2\u20ac\u201d most in their late 40s and early 50s \u00e2\u20ac\u201d who love to explore a city on foot in a convivial mood with like-minded runners for company, taking in the picturesque views. Most of their vacations are either spent running marathons or are planned around them. Having participated in marathons in New York, London and Delhi, Palliere is now getting ready for Tokyo, Sydney , The Big Five Race through a national park in Africa , Rio and finally, Antarctica, next year. That's the Grand Slam, a race in each of the seven continents he's chasing! Cityscaping on foot Palliere and others of his ilk do not fit into the stereotype of fitness freaks. While marathon runners focus on optimum health parameters, stamina and a healthy diet for a 'good' run, for these adventure seekers, the real thrill is being able to enjoy a good holiday and explore destinations of their choice on foot. One of the first steps towards planning a 'marathon' travel break is to ensure that your calendar is marked several months in advance. Needless to say, a tour of any city will usually coincide with a marathon being held there. For Sulabh Rathi's family, the marathon will be a bonus to their Toronto holiday. \"My family will get to see the city like never before,\" he says. Ever since Sulabh participated in the Amari midnight run in Bangkok a few years ago, he has been waiting for a shot at what he calls \"marathon travel\". He loved the carnival atmosphere on the streets during the Bangkok run. \"People were running in fancy dresses. It was a crazy experience,\" he says. According to him, more than the race, it is the overall vibe, the spirit of bonhomie that's worth experiencing. \"People line up on both sides of the street in an unknown city, urging you to complete the race. It gives you a high like no other,\" explains Sulabh. Seb Falk, who is pursuing his studies at Cambridge and has run nine marathons in various cities, knows people who would travel to New York or Berlin , only to participate in a marathon. \"The best thing about running around a city is that you get to meet people in a really positive atmosphere. Everyone is happy to talk to you when they see you with the finisher's medal \u00e2\u20ac\u201d even when you've run for hours and are drenched in sweat,\" he shares. Echoing his sentiments is David Tremlett, a business honcho. \"I pass through Lutyens' Delhi every day, but running through those areas early in the morning showed me a facet of the city I never knew existed,\" he says. Gym on the run For corporate head Ian Gowlett, a marathon is clubbed with his weight-loss regimen. When friends joke about his India posting as a '2 size job' where one's waist increases by two notches \u00e2\u20ac\u201d thanks to feasting on calorierich meals \u00e2\u20ac\u201d he knows he has to put on his running shoes. After beating the bulge at runs in the UK and Amsterdam, Gowlett ran a recent marathon in Delhi, as a \"battle against the process of getting heavier\". Mangalorebased professor of surgery, Dr BM Nayak, who is in New York for a marathon, also testifies it as a foolproof way to reduce flab. What began as a measure to bring down his waist size, got him so hooked that he now runs long distances on a regular basis. It also allows him to explore the race route and discover hidden treasures around the city. So if running and travelling are the two hobbies that hog all your thoughts, why not have some fun while on the run! Destination marathon", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17081563", "title": "German firm opens testing lab at Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: Leading German testing services provider TUV Rheinland has opened its new laboratory at Gurgaon in the national capital region (NCR) for product testing, the company said. Set up at an investment of 1.9 million euros (Rs.13 crore), the state-of-the-art lab will inspect equipment, products and services of companies across industrial verticals.\"The huge potential for product testing makes India an important market for us. To meet the demand and be closer to customers, we are investing an additional 1.5 million euros (Rs.104 crore) to set up two more testing labs in Bangalore and at Tirupur in Tamil Nadu,\" Rheinland Chief Executive Manfred Bayerlein said in a statement here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17082278", "title": "Threats greet Gujarat Technological University\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s college inspection team", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The inspection team of Gujarat Technological University (GTU) is being threatened by managements of colleges. The team was being intimidated to give a positive report despite shortages in infrastructure and staf,f sources said.GTU has formed an inspection team to inquire into facilities available at engineering, pharmacy, MBA and MCA colleges. GTU officials said the team has been asked to carry out surprise checks. These teams have been asked to inquire into infrastructure, availability of staff, libraries and other facilities.Sources in GTU said that whenever the team went to certain colleges, they were threatened and told to give positive reports. \"The university has also received complaints from the teams and will definitely take action against such college managements,\" said a GTU officer.He further said that the managements were making these threats as they are afraid that if the report is sent to the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) it could lead to derecognition of the institute apart from giving students a bad impression of the college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17081539", "title": "Police chief leads combing operation across Nashik", "text": "NASHIK: As many as 358 people faced action at the hands of the city police, under the Bombay Police Act, in the 'all out operation' that was undertaken on Friday night from 6pm onwards. During, what was a routine crime check exercise, cops reviewed 142 criminals on record of which they traced 72 persons at their residences.Senior police officials including police commissioner Kulwant Kumar Sarangal, DCPs Sandeep Diwan, Sahebrao Patil, D S Swami and all ACPs, converged on the streets in large numbers along with personnel from all city police stations. The teams combed Phule Nagar, Panchavati, Panchasheel Nagar, B D Kamgaar Nagar, Malhar Khan Slum, Kranti Nagar Slum and Joshiwada, among other places.Nakabandis were held at 30 places in Division 1 and at 32 places in Division 2. On an average, every police station checked 24 criminals on record and took action against 10 to 12 under different sections of the Bombay Police Act.Senior cops said that such operations were necessary periodically as a deterrent to criminal activity such as vehicle thefts, chain-snatching and other road offences.Cops also detained 358 vehicles, with a total of 3,862 vehicles were checked of which 1211 motorists faced action. A fine of Rs 1.45 lakh was also recovered from those found violating traffic rules.Sarangal instructed jewellers in the Saraf Bazaar area to beef up security measures asking them to distribute pamphlets to customers on how to be cautious when purchasing jewellery. It was also decided that security personnel be put up at entry and exit points in the area considering the number of jewellery stores in the location which buzz with activity during the Diwali season.Sarangal also spoke to locals, including kids, in the Panchavati area, to get a first-hand account of problems faced by them.\"Several objectives are met during such operations.We get an idea of criminal that are active or not.Further, police presence onstreets instils confidence among the people, while criminals on record are also pushed on the back footIt also instils citizen confidence when law enforcement is active on the streets in such large numbers.\"\"During such operations, the police also inform the public about the precautionary measures that need to be taken,\" he added.Police action:3862 vehicles checked1211 motorists booked for traffic violation358 vehicles detained for not produced their documents364 people face action under BPA act143 criminals on record checked72 found at home Those found at home30 points of Nakabandi in Division 132 points of Nakabandi in Division 2Rs 1.45 lakh recovered as fineOperation between 6.00 pm to 11.00 pm", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17081637", "title": "Boy hit by PCR van, FIR lodged", "text": "NOIDA: A 15-year-old boy was hit by a PCR van in Sector 39 on October 22 while he was returning home from the market. The boy, who was rushed to the district hospital, suffered multiple leg injuries in the accident.His family lodged a complaint at the Sector 39 police station on Saturday.The incident occurred late at night when the PCR van, which is privately owned, was taking rounds of the area. Two police officials and a driver were present in the vehicle. However, the driver managed to escape.PCR vans in Noida and Greater Noida are privately owned and are leased out to the Noida police. Often, private taxi drivers are hired to drive these vehicles, said sources.The boy was admitted to the hospital at 11pm with multiple fractures and was discharged on October 29.\"He was grievously injured hence recovery will take a long time. He has 8-9 fractures in his legs,\" said a doctor at the district hospital.The boy's father alleged that the boy had been returning home when the car hit him and the family got to know of the accident much later. \"The PCR van was speeding when it hit my son,\" alleged Balram Singh, who works as a garment salesman.Though cops lodged an FIR on Saturday, they failed to explain how the driver managed to slip away in the presence of two personnel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17082274", "title": "Six of family asphyxiate in well", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Six members of a family died inside a well in a farm near Dholka on Saturday morning. A team of Ahmedabad Fire and Emergency Services (AFES) fished the bodies out after an hour and a half-long operation.According to Dholka police, the incident took place at Dholigam village, around 15 km from Dholka at 10 am on Saturday. Investigators said that Bhurabhai Bharwad, a farm owner, had employed Hari Dataniya and his family to open a valve to recharge his well. On Saturday morning, the six-member team reached the farm and Dataniya entered the well.\"Every monsoon, farmers close the valve and open it later to help water retention. Dataniya went inside the well and opened the valve. A gas which had collected in the line due to long closure engulfed him. He found it difficult to breath and collapsed in the water. When his uncle Valji saw him gasping, he too jumped in to the well and met a similar fate. Soon, his uncle Pravin, father Balwant and brothers Ajit and Ranjit came to the rescue but in vain. They all died due to asphyxiation,\" said Rajesh Bhatt, additional chief fire officer, AFES.A team of AFES led by Narsinh Bhagora and Mahesh Mangela from Jamalpur fire station entered the well using breathing apparatus and brought out the bodies. Dholka police registered a case of accidental deaths and have started an investigation to ascertain if the farm owner was negligent in not informing the workers about the danger.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17081875", "title": "Fighter pilot-turned actor impressed with Tollywood", "text": "HYDERABAD: The South Indian film industry has grown leaps and bounds and has overtaken Bollywood in terms of both numbers and quality, said wing commander-turned-actor Yuri Suri who was in town for a fashion show. Suri, best known for his portrayal of the Mughal regent Bairam Khan in Jodha Akbar noted that that Tollywood has been churning out more films than Bollywood.Speaking to STOI on Saturday, Yuri said, \"If there is so much film making involved, it is obvious that the quality too is good. I'm looking forward to getting good roles in Tollywood.\" Commenting about adjusting to Telugu language for non-Telugu actors, Suri noted that actors at times fail to bring about necessary modulation in their dialogue delivery thereby not sounding like native speakers. \"While the film industry has stressed on the fact that actors learn Telugu, they usually learn all dialogues by rote. According to the principles of communication only 8 per cent of the message is transmitted verbally. This includes vocabulary. A chunk of dialogue delivery rests on modulation, tone and volume. This is missing with actors from other parts of the country working in Tollywood,\" he observed.No stranger to Hyderabad, Suri said that the city is a friendly place full of warm hearted people. While the city has become cosmopolitan now, it still retains its distinct character. \"Apart from being trained at Bidar and Jodhpur, I was also at Hakimpet with the fighter training wing.\" A man who wears many hats, Yuri served in the India Air force for more than 20 years. He is a 1971 Indo-Pak war veteran and fought in the Battle of Chhamb. He has test flown many airplanes including the MiG 21 and the Sukhoi. Suri has acted in 20 movies and more than 20 plays. \"Back in the day we all had Russian names. People started calling me Yuri,\" he says.Keen on playing roles with negatives shades both in Tollywood and Bollywood, Suri said, \"We need a different kind of a bad man now. He has to be a run of the mill guy who makes people cringe because of his perverseness.\" Suri has movies like Sharafat Gayi Tel Lene, Shooter and Issaq slated for release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17082583", "title": "Cabinet nod for Ranchi-Bokaro highway", "text": "RANCHI: The state cabinet on Saturday approved 15 proposals including construction of the first expressway of Jharkhand that will connect the state capital to Bokaro.State cabinet secretary N N Pandey said that the council of minster gave in principle approval for construction of the first expressway of the state. The proposed expressway will reduce the travel time between the state capital and Bokaro to 90 minutes. At present it takes around three hours.Sources in state government said that the expressway has been planned in wake of expected industrial growth in Bokaro and Dhanbad districts in the next few years. The Bokaro Steel Plant is already in expansion mode. Global steel giant ArcelorMittal is also working on a proposal to set up an integrated steel plant in Bokaro district. Steel Authority of India Limited is coming up with a steel plant in Dhanbad.\"We expect that a better connection between the upcoming industrial hub and state capital will be a boon for prospective investors,\" said a source.Engineers in state road construction department said that since the contour of the Ranchi-Bokaro stretch is almost plain there will not be any problem in constructing the expressway.The other important proposal approved by the cabinet was rules related to constitution and functioning of tribal advisory council. The council is empowered to look into welfare of tribals in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17081127", "title": "Traditional Diwali kandeels push Chinese lanterns off the shelves", "text": "MUMBAI: Diwali 2012 seems to hark back to traditional Indian items that cost a little more but give the real feel of the festival as compared to passing Chinese fads.This season, the overwhelming presence of Chinese-style lanterns seems to have receded. \"These may be cheaper than the regular star kandeel, but they look like lampshades. Moreover, the deities on them are not the classic Ganesh and Lakshmi,\" said Kedar Sawant, who was shopping in Andheri (E).Three-tier cloth lanterns and the octagonal kandeel made from paper or plastic are making a comeback. These cost between Rs 100-150.Similarly, wax diyas that emanate smoke and leave black stains too have fallen out of favour. \"People prefer the locally-made ornate diyas and light them with oil at home. The soft flame looks prettier, burns longer and is steadier than wax, which can catch fire suddenly,\" said Colaba storeowner Kantibhai Gala. Plain brown clay diyas are passed over in favour of bright colours suited for the puja and home decor.Metal and cloth torans in vibrant Rajasthani patterns and colours have begun to occupy a special niche across Diwali bazaars. \"Common motifs like om and swastiks are popular while bandhni designs in red, yellow and orange come a close second. People pay anywhere from Rs 100 to Rs 200 a piece and often buy multiple pieces to hang vertically across the doorway,\" said a vendor in Vile Parle. Of course, marigold torans that sell on the eve of the festival adorn the threshold of every home and are tied to vehicles on Diwali morning.But as far as fairy lights go, there are limited options of Indian make as compared to the Rs 50 Chinese strings that rule.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "gadchiroli", "code": "17081305", "title": "Of incomplete buildings, no teachers and misuse of money", "text": "GADCHIROLI: The mismanagement and other problems in education in Naxal-affected Gadchiroli seems to be mocking the government agencies' own finding that lack of awareness has paved the way for the rebel movement spreading in the backward district.If the vacancies in key teachers' posts have cast a dark shadow on the already affected system, the malpractices by the unscrupulous section too have dealt a telling blow.A reliable source in the education department told TOI that lakhs of funds that are allocated under the Sarva Shikhsa Abhyan have been misused. \"The corrupt ones know by now that there would be little action against them. They use their political clouts to get away with it,\" said a source.Gadchiroli district collector Abhishek Krishna had taken action, even passed suspension orders, against several school headmasters but many of them brought pressure from various sources to nullify the proceedings. Krishna, steering clear of controversies, said that he had been regularly discussing irregularities with senior officials.Sources in the department informed that the construction of more than 20 Zilla Parishad primary school buildings in the districts, including 14 in Aheri taluka, have remained incomplete for some time now. Several head masters, who had the powers to use the funds, have been slapped show cause notices too. \"We are trying to recover the amount spent for which the extent of work is not visible,\" said a senior education officer on the condition of anonymity.During a visit, TOI saw that the school building at Chandratola village in Aheri taluka, construction of which started a couple of years ago, is now just an abandoned structure. The school, with a handful of students, now is run from a single room which also doubles up as an 'anganwadi'.The erstwhile headmaster could not complete the construction work but had at the same time used up a lot of funds. The onus of completing the work was then given to the headmaster of the school in adjacent Chandra village, but the situation has remained unchanged. A fresh deadline of November has been set by the district administration.The work on 56 additional class rooms is also not completed despite the fact that the project had started quite some time back. The district administration has now taken a decision to ensure that the concerned department completes the work within a short period. This is in addition to the under-construction ZP primary schools.\"Flouting norms, some of the headmasters have elevated themselves to Kendra pramukhs to supervise the work of all the schools in their region. In doing so, they have became both, the monitoring and monitored agency,\" said a local teacher.Posts of 20 Kendra pramukhs, 90 headmasters and four ZP school head masters are lying vacant in the district.Sources in the district administration also pointed out several irregularities at ashramshala schools too. \"There is a lack of supervision from senior officials. Despite no apparent threat from Naxals, the officials avoid visiting the ashramshalas,\" said a senior teacher who has worked more than two decades in the district.A proposal to create 62 new posts of teachers in different ranks was sent to the government around a year back but no decision has been taken yet.The local education fraternity also sounded disenchanted with the newly opened Gondwana University. They slammed the government for making a half-hearted effort after raising much hope around the university in the tribal district. The government is yet to allot the required land to the university which is also left riddled with several infrastructural issues. Allegations of corruption in recruitment to the different posts in the university too have started surfacing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "jabalpur", "code": "17081798", "title": "Division bench asks MP govt to explain anomalies in Child Development Scheme", "text": "JABALPUR: In response to a PIL filed in high court, division bench of Chief Justice S A Bobde and Justice Alok Aradhe has served notices to the Union/state government and CBI to explain away the anomalies in the implementation of the centrally- funded Integrated Child Development Scheme ICDS in MP. The PIL was filed by PG Najpandy, social activist and the convener of a city based NGO.The petition is focused on the alleged violation of the supreme court guidelines laid down in October 2007 which categorically forbid involvement of private contractors in the distribution of nutrient under the ICDS. The court had instead directed that the network of anganbadi workers involved in the procedure , could be assisted by select NGOs and self help groups.However, the women and child welfare department of MP government, in an arbitrary move, made fresh guidelines and singed an MOU with MP Agro Industries Corporation. subsequently the MPAIC bent rules to allow the backdoor entry of private contractors for the supply of foodstuff, under the ambitious scheme meant to benefit children aged 6 months to 6 years as well as pregnant women.The wheeling dealing of this nexus , the petitioner claimed, has led a loss of 400 crores to the government exchequer over last five years. And as the scheme, which was to fold up this year has been extended to another five years, the loss could tripled in the stipulated period , the petitioner has claimed.Najpapndey has further pleaded that a written complaint sent by him to the CBI with a request to initiate a probe fell flat after the prime investigating body transferred the case to MP economic offence wing. Since EOW is an extended part of the government, it will only gloss over the corrupt deeds of senior IAS officers and politicians involved in this multi crore scam, he charged .therefore, the court must intervene and direct the CBI to initiate a formal investigation, he said.It also seeks scrapping of the deal between the department of women and child welfare and MP agro industries cooperation ltd. Meanwhile ,the bench has directed the government agencies to furnish their reply within the period of four weeks before it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17083231", "title": "CD drives enable robots to play soccer", "text": "VARANASI: CD drives from the old computers can be reused to make robots play soccer game. Interestingly, Ankit Verma and his team members who are the first year students of Mechanical Engineering department, Institute of Technology (IIT), Banaras Hindu University (BHU) have prepared a similar wireless robot which can hit the ball every time the CD drive is ejected from the main body of the robot on giving command.The robot was unique amongst all the participants of Robosoccer tournament organised by Science and Technology Council, IIT Gymkhana on Saturday.According to Ankit, who had already participated in robotics event at IIT Mumbai when he was in school, other attractive feature of his team is that the defending robot is provided with brushless motor which is generally used in models of aeroplanes.\"The capacity of this motor is such that it can lift around five kg weight. To balance it, we have fixed extra weight on the body of the robot. At the same time, the shaft of the motor makes 18,000 rotations per minute which blows more air than a normal ceiling fan and hence is more powerful in defending the goal of the other team\", he informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "sanya (china)", "code": "17088050", "title": "Kirkland wins Sanya Ladies, Smriti 62nd", "text": "SANYA (China): Smriti Mehra failed to find the momentum after two double bogeys in the first six holes and turned in her second successive 76 to finish 62nd at the Sanya Ladies Open in China.The veteran Indian golf finished at 10-over 226 with rounds of 74, 76 and 76.Cassandra Kirkland of France came from a stroke behind to claim her first professional title. The 28-year-old from Paris held off stiff opposition to post a final round 70 on a hot and breezy final day at Yalong Bay Golf Club.She ended two strokes clear off fellow Frenchwoman Jade Schaeffer and England's Holly Aitchison, with a further nine players a stroke back in a tie for fourth.Thailand's Numa Gulyanamitta, who started with a one stroke lead ended with a 74 and was tied for fourth after rounds of 70, 69 and 74.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17082557", "title": "Calm Zaheer Khan gets into the groove", "text": "MUMBAI: Less than 35 kilometres from where England were playing their second warm-up match of the tour, India's chief pacemaker Zaheer Khan was rolling his arm over for the first time in a competitive match in more than a month.Mumbai were playing the Railways in the Ranji Trophy opener at the Wankhede Stadium, had been put in to bat first, and riding on three centuries, they piled up 570 before the visiting team could pad up. Middle-order batsman Abhishek Nayar became the third centurion , after Sachin Tendulkar and Ajinkya Rahane , notching 107 runs inclusive of 10 fours and two sixes.On that count, there was a huge cushion for Zaheer \u00e2\u20ac\u201d calm as ever, measuring each step \u00e2\u20ac\u201d as he marked his run-up to bowl to the less prominent opening pair of Shivkant Shukla and Amit Paunikar. It was hard to tell what may have been playing on his mind.In 12 days from now, he'll be marking a similar run-up in a face-off with one of the world's most prominent Test match openers. Alastair Cook , the England captain, is in fine form, and Zaheer too needs to be on top of his game.On Saturday, off the nine overs he bowled, six came in the first spell and three in the second. Those expecting the left-arm pacer to try out any variations instead saw a slightly aggressive Zaheer, pitching a few fast ones and keeping in line with the stump. He kept hitting the deck, even bowling a couple of bouncers, and in the process gave away just 13 runs from 54 deliveries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17083394", "title": "Denotification: Bangalore Metropolitan Task Force books Suresh Kumar", "text": "BANGALORE: The Bangalore Metropolitan Task Force (BMTF) has booked cases against law minister S Suresh Kumar, his former cabinet colleague Krishnaiah Setty and former principal secretary to the CM VP Baligar for their alleged involvement in denotifying land reserved for housing for the poor.The land was allocated by the Karnataka Slum Clearance Board (KSCB) nearly three decades ago.The first information report filed by the BMTF on a complaint by Dinesh Kallahalli, a city resident, stated that nearly 4.2 acres of land was acquired by the Slum Board in Laggere in 1982 to build houses for the poor. The land belonged to Gopinath, the brother of Narahari, a prominent RSS leader, the complaint stated.The complaint alleged that though the land was acquired nearly three decades ago, in 2009, the government decided to denotify the land in the name of the owner, Gopinath.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17082151", "title": "Sadbhavana bug bites RSS body", "text": "SURAT: Bharat Bharti, a social reforms organization ideologically inspired by the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS), has called a meeting of Muslim leaders in Surat on Monday. The organization's leaders claim that the meeting is aimed at generating awareness about voting among the community.Muslim religious leaders from different sects have been invited to the meeting at a Gujarati restaurant in the Udhna area. After the meeting, dinner has also been organized for the leaders.\"We are expecting leaders from different sects of Muslims in the meeting. Many have shown interest and it is purely nonpolitical event. We just want to encourage people from different sects to vote. We are not advising them to vote for any specific party,\" said Bharat Bharati functionary Vinay Patrale.Patrale is leading the organization's campaign to create awareness about importance of voting and is involving representatives of various religions.Besides Muslims, Bharat Bharati has also called a meeting of leaders from different castes of south Gujarat like Desais, Patels, Sailors and Kolis on Tuesday.Patrale said, \"The event is planned and organized by Bharat Bharti and no RSS leader is playing a role in it. Of course, Bharat Bharti was started by RSS workers and it is inspired ideologically by the RSS.\"Patrale, who is from Nagpur, was a pracharak for 21 years before he quit RSS a few months ago and settled in Surat. He was one of the founder members of Bharat Bharti in 2005.\"Our idea is to unite different sects and groups on one platform for social reforms. We are a nonpolitical group and getting good response from the society,\" said Bharat Bharti president Subhash Dhavan.RSS-led saffron groups had seen red when chief minister Narendra Modi embarked on his Sadbhavana mission last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "ramgarh", "code": "17082576", "title": "Farmers outfit plans economic blockade against land acquisition", "text": "RAMGARH: Raiyat Visthapith Morcha (RVM) backed by Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM) has announced a statewide economic blockade in January to protest agains the Centre's as well as state government's land acquisition policy and allocation of coal blocks to corporate house in the state leading to mass displacement. As much as 2. 66 lakh acres of land in the state have been acquired by Coal India Limited ( CIL ) alone for excavation of coal.This was announced by Fagu Besara, Central Committee president of Raiyat Visthapit Morcha in the presence of Mandu MLA Jai Prakash Bhai Patel on Saturday after discussion with Morcha leaders from various parts of the state, especially from the coal belt. The Morcha alleged that the state and Union governments have failed to execute Displacement and Rehabilitation policy which has made the landlords beggers in the state.Besara said the Displacement and Rehabilitation policy 2011 draft is still hanging and the ministry of coal had distributed coal blocks in the state to corporate houses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17082199", "title": "World to taste slice of Bengal at UK meet", "text": "KOLKATA: It's a first-of-its-kind endeavour, folk culture will promote tourism at a global level and pave the road for foreign investment. At the World Travel Market on November 5-8 in London, a top global event for the travel industry, all eyes will be on folk artistes from Nadia, Pingla, Bankura and Birbhum who will showcase the culture cauldron that is Bengal.The state is the theme of the Indian pavilion and this is the first instance where performing arts will be used to woo foreign travelers.\"Research in world tourism has shown that people are more and more interested in connecting with other people and exploring their culture. Intangible cultural heritage, like festivals and performing arts, have usurped built heritage as the biggest tourist-drawing force. In Europe, running museums is a challenge now because of its static nature. Noticing the change in the trend, even the UNWTO is organizing the first conference on Intangible Cultural Heritage and Tourism in March 2013 in Berlin . With rural festivals, like Pot Maya (three-day patachitra festival in Naya, Pingla, Nov 30-Dec 2), Fakiri Utsav at Gorbhanga, Nadia (Jan 18-20), Dol festival in Santiniketan and Purulia and Kolkata festivals like Book Fair, Sufi Sutra in early February, this is a good time to make world tour agencies aware of this innovative form of green tourism,\" says Amitava Bhattacharya, the head of Banglanatak.com.\"Tourism trends show that personal contact is winning over scenic beauty, archaeological and heritage factors. This is the first such initiative in India to draw tourists with performing arts. And only tourism isn't the only likely winner, state finance minister Amit Mitra will attend the London meet to boost Brand Bengal. Fiand UK India Business Council will make a comprehensive presentation to attract investors and showcase Bengal's potential,\" says Vikram Sen, principal secretary, Bengal tourism department.\"From international agencies like Unesco to grassroots development organizations like Banglanatak, all have been advocating such a drive. We are very happy that this is finally happening and hope that this becomes common practice,\" says Moe Chiba, program specialist and head of culture, Unesco offices in India, Bhutan, Sri Lanka and Maldives.But realistically speaking, will the change, if any, be apparent or visible? \"It's all about people. It's time we realized global travellers come to Bengal for its people and culture. So, we must promote this to attract more tourists and strengthen our infrastructure to provide decent logistics support in rural areas. Community-led cultural tourism has the potential of evolving into the key to inclusive development,\" says Bhattacharya.\"Effects don't show up magically. Whether the artistes will benefit depends on the artistes too. Now it's up to grassroots development groups and the government to take it forward. And this is a great stage to start,\" adds Chiba. \"We have three objectives. The first and immediate is, of course, to woo tourists. Second, to boost the livelihood of rural artistes and in the long run, attract investors,\" says Sen. It's no mystery why all the greatest civilizations came up on the biggest river banks. In modern times, tourists are the river, and the revenue is sediment. The drift seems to have finally caught on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "eluru", "code": "17081781", "title": "Eluru in fear of deluge", "text": "ELURU: The district headquarter town of Eluru is on the edge due to continuous downpour. With reports indicating massive flood that could hit the town by Saturday midnight, panic spread in colonies close to the Tammileru reservoir. The district officials too spent tense movements thinking of measures to be taken to save the town. They, however, have limited options.According to information, the irrigation officials made a breach in the Tammileru channel near Kovvali, on the outskirts of Eluru to ease the pressure on the project. To the utter shock of the authorities, the inflows further jumped, thanks to the continuing rains in Khammam district. The authorities released nearly 17,500 cusecs of water downstream by lifting all the gates of the reservoir which is already full as FRL (full reservoir level) has reached 352 ft. While the reservoir has a capacity to withstand a flow of nearly 26,000 cusecs, the inflows recorded were dangerously at 18,000 cusecs.According to inputs from Khammam, another 25,000 cusecs is likely to flow down into the stream sometime by midnight. \"It would spell doom for Eluru town if at all the entire 25,000 cusecs of water enters Tammileru which is already flooded with around 18,000 cusecs,\" admitted an irrigation official. The additional inflow would take the total flows in Tammileru to around 40,000 cusecs, which officials fear would inundate Eluru town in no time. The water has already started entering colonies on the outskirts like Ashoknagar, Sodimella, Pamuladibba, YSR colony and Konanki, making the locals run for shelter.District collector Vani Prasad inspected a few sensitive areas in the town and asked the officials to gear up to face the eventuality. She asked the police, revenue, fisheries and fire services department to be available round the clock. She also asked NDRF personnel to take up rescue operations in case of need.Sources said that the breach at Kovvali had submerged hundreds of acres of paddy fields. \"The railway bridge would have been washed away if the breach was not formed near Kovvali,\" explained the local tehsildar. Despite the breach, only about 4,000 cusecs were released from the main stream. Of the total present inflow of 26,000 cusecs, about 17,500 was let out the downstream canals and about 4,000 cusecs was released into fields making the total just 21,500 cusecs.As a result, pressure is increasing on the reservoir and officials fear that the water could flow over the gates. \"If the situation is so alarming just at 26,000 inflows, imagine about the fate of Eluru town when Tammileru receives 40,000 cusecs,\" said Krishna Kishore, a merchant who was heading to Vijayawada along with his family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17081618", "title": "Book on snake bite leaves medical fraternity divided", "text": "COIMBATORE: Is it advisable to wash the wound of a person bitten by a snake? As per the traditional practice, people wash the wound to remove any venom on the surface before taking the victim to the nearest hospital and the medical community too validated it so far. However, a recently prepared handbook of Tamil Nadu Health System Project, Handbook on Treatment Guidelines For Snake Bite and Scorpion Sting, warns against the practice saying the action of washing would \"increase the flow of venom into system by stimulating the lymphatic system\".Further more, the handbook also warns against using any tourniquet made of rope, string or cloth above the wound to prevent spreading of the venom to other parts of the body. The hand book prepared by experts say the tourniquet would increase the risk of ischemia and loss of the limb than prevent the spread of venom. It would also increase the risk of necrosis and cause massive neuro-toxic blockade, according to the book. Tourniquet can also invite the risk of embolism if used in viper bites, the book adds. \"Releasing the tourniquet can lead to hypotension. Tourniquet also gives a sense of false security to the person and encourage him to delay the journey to hospital,'' says the book.Interestingly, the medical community in the state remains a divided lot in its approach to the handbook, which is available on the internet. When contacted, R Sivaprakasam, the resident medical officer at Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH), said the new guidelines have been suggested based on a series of research and experiments by eminent medical professionals. \"As medical students, we had learned the conventional method of washing-the-wound and making-the-tourniquet-above-the-wound. Now, the guidelines say such acts would further complicate the situation of the patient. Taking the patient to nearest hospital is the challenge before the relatives and friends of the patient,'' said Sivaprakasam.\"Tying a knot above the wound can cause damage to the cells. This is especially so if the bites are from Russell Vipers. The venom of the vipers can get concentrated on a small of the body and can damage the tissues in those parts,'' say the handbook.Meanwhile, some doctors prefer to differ with the handbook directive. They feel washing the wound can help in many ways to save the life of the man bitten by snake. Dr R Balalsubramaniyam, chief nephrologist at KG Hospital, says washing the bitten part can prevent secondary infections. \"Usually along with the bites, there may be infections caused by bacteria and other harmful germs. Washing these germs will be cleaned away,\" he says. At the same time, he says, tying a knot will do no benefit. The poison does not just move through the blood but also through the lymphatic system which cannot be prevented by tying the knot, he says.A nephrologist in another private hospital on the condition of anonymity said if the bite is from a cobra, there must be a tourniquet above the wound before taking the patient to the nearest hospital. \"If it will take more than an hour for the patient to reach the hospital, it is better to tie a knot above the bitten part loosely. At the same time, it should be loosened every 10 minutes so that the blood is not choked. At the same time, he says that tying knots should not be done in the case of vipers and common kraits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17082667", "title": "No action on docs who posed as faculty irks MCI", "text": "CHENNAI: The Medical Council of India, a statutory body for regulating medical education, is upset with the state medical council for delaying action against doctors who faked themselves as faculty of a self-financing medical college near Chennai. The Tamil Nadu State Medical Council, which issues licences to doctors, said it would not take any decision before it investigates the case. The procedure is likely to take at least a month, state council president Dr K Prakasam said.Two weeks ago, the MCI said a CBI report found 25 full faculties of Melmaruvathur Adiparasakthi Institute of Medical Sciences in Tamil Nadu were either registered as faculty in other medical colleges of Tamil Nadu or were practicing medicine in Maharashtra, Odisha, Andhra Pradesh, Gujarat and Karnataka. MCI secretary Sanjay Shrivastava wrote to state councils, including Tamil Nadu, asking them to delete the names of these doctors from the medical registry, which will debar them from practising. On October 26, Tamil Nadu State Medical Council received a letter from Shrivastava asking the council to suspend four doctors - Dr R Madhavan , Dr Nedumaran, Dr Mayilsamy and Dr Thiyagraja Murthy - for five years. On Thursday, Shrivastava told TOI that the decision to debar the doctors was taken by the ethics committee after taking into consideration the CBI report, oral testimony and written statement of each of the 25 doctors. The ethics committee held that these doctors had committed professional misconduct in terms of Indian Medical Council (Professional Conduct, Etiquette and Ethics) Regulations, 2002.\"As per the act, doctors are registered by the state councils. They will have to remove the names from the state registry and forward it to us. Only then can we remove them from the Indian medical registry,\" said Shrivastava. But the state medical council said they will not be able to debar doctors based on MCI investigations. \"The MCI can ban them as faculty, but we can't ban them based on their investigations. We must do our own investigations before we take a decision,\" said Dr Prakasam. The council has issued these doctors show-cause notices. \"We expect them to reply within 15 days. After that we will call them for an inquiry. If we are convinced they are guilty, we will have to get their suspension approved by the governing council,\" he added.While it is legal for the state council to carry out its own investigations, it may delay punishments. MCI president Dr K K Talwar said it has a report from CBI giving details of each of these doctors. \"We expect the state councils to act soon. Or we will be forced to act. This is a serious violation. We don't want them to be let off without punishment,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17082393", "title": "Diwali train tickets sold out in mins", "text": "CHENNAI: Travelling home for Diwali holidays is going to be tough for those who have not already made their plans. Berths in three of the five special trains announced for the festival from Chennai were sold out just a few minutes after bookings opened on Saturday.The booking pattern also showed that demand for tickets is higher to destinations like Nagercoil and Tirunelveli, among the southern towns. Diwali falls on November 13. Tickets for the Chennai Central-Egmore-Nagercoil scheduled for November 12 were sold soon after booking started. Since the waiting list has also been filled, berths cannot be booked any more for the train which railways introduced from Central after Egmore got saturated.Similarly, berths for the Chennai Egmore-Tirunelveli Special scheduled for November 9 has touched waitlist 295. The train which leaves on Friday has become popular because those who take leave on Monday will be able to enjoy an extended weekend as the festival falls on Tuesday. The trains have been booked by passengers who were not able to get tickets in the scheduled trains operated daily from Egmore.Tickets for special trains from Chennai to Coimbatore and Tuticorin have also been taken. Passengers to neighbouring states are doubly unhappy because flight charges have rocketed because of the festival rush and cancellation of all flights of Kingfisher Airlines .\"Since all trains to Thiruvananthapuram are full, I thought I would try a train to a southern city and take another train or bus to Kerala, but nothing seems to work out,\" said Praveen Babu, who was planning a Diwali holiday in Thiruvananthapuram.\"Diwali and Pongal are the festivals when we are under pressure to offer more berths. We are yet to decide whether to operate more special trains,\" a senior railway official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17082745", "title": "How to prime your new PC", "text": "You sought advice from those who know, went to the store, browsed through the festive bargains and finally bought that new computer. Congratulations! But before you start using that spanking piece of hardware, you'll need to get your system upto-date. Yes, even new PCs need an overhauling.Get rid of junk:When you switch on your new computer, you are likely to find junk software preinstalled by the vendor.These could be trial versions of antivirus software, browser toolbars, desktop shortcuts to websites, programs that promise free downloads, etc - and are likely to slow down your computer, especially if they are configured to load at boot-up.The best way to deal with such junk is to uninstall it. Now, if you're not comfortable with what to uninstall and what needs to be kept, ask a techie friend to help. Alternatively, you could use PC Decrapifier - a free program that cleans junk software from PCs. Just install this program, run it and follow the instructions. Download from www.pcdecrapifier.com/downloadGet a proper antivirus:Unless you have paid for your antivirus software, what comes preinstalled on a PC is a limited-period trial version. In which case, uninstalling it was the right thing to do. But the fact remains that you do need antivirus software.We suggest you download the free Microsoft Security Essentials (MSE) suite for Windows. For whatever reason, if this doesn't work on your PC, you could try either Avira or AVG. Both these antivirus are free for home use. Download MSE from windows.microsoft.com/mse Download Avira from www.avira.com/en/avira-free-antivirus Download AVG from www.avg.com/in-en /homepageImportant:Use just one antivirus on your PC. Never run multiple antivirus programs as this could cause operational conflicts.Partition your drive:If your computer has only one hard drive (C drive), it is advisable to split it and create a new partition. The new drive can keep your data safe in case something goes wrong with Windows 7. To partition a hard drive, open Control Panel from the Start Menu. In the Control Panel, click on 'System and Security' . In the window that opens, look for 'Administrative Tools' . In this category, click the option titled 'Create and Format Partitions' to open the Disk Management utility.In Disk Management, right-click the C Drive and select 'Shrink Volume' . When prompted, allocate around 100GB space and click OK. This 100GB will be used as the system drive. Once the volume is shrunk, you will have lots of 'Unallocated Space' . Right-click on it and select 'Create New Partition' . Once the partition has been created, give the drive a letter, such as D. Voila, you have two drives!Update drivers:Having the latest drivers means that your hardware is running at its optimum settings. Your new PC might be preloaded with older drivers, but you can update them easily. Download the program Device Doctor, install it and click on Scan.Device Doctor will tell you how many drivers in your computer are outdated. The free version doesn't allow you to download the new drivers automatically. But armed with the information provided by the program, you can always visit the official website of the hardware maker, download the latest driver and install it by just double-clicking the file.Download from devicedoctor.comClean your Startup:Tuning up startup services improves the boot time of your PC, as well as its performance. Click the Start button and in the search bar, type msconfig. Go to the Startup tab. Disable any service here that you don't use or need on a daily basis. However, if you have a doubt about an item or don't know what it is, leave it running.For example, you might use iTunes but don't run it everyday. You can disable it. It won't run in the background and slow down your computer. When you need it (for example, when you plug in your iPod ), you will have to double-click its icon to run it.Setup Windows Update:By default, Windows Update is set to download and install updates automatically. But if you want more control on the stuff that Windows installs, go to the Control Panel and select 'icon view' by using 'View' option on the top right. Click on Windows Update and, from the panel on the left, select 'Change settings' . Change the setting to 'Check for updates but let me choose whether to download and install them' .Create a Recovery disk:It is possible that your computer hasn't come with a recovery disk. But don't worry. If the system has Windows 7 installed, you can create a recovery disk yourself. All you need is a blank DVD disk. Pop it into your DVD writer, click on the Start button, go to Programs and select Maintenance. From the options, choose 'System Repair Disk' and follow the on-screen instructions.A FEW FREE THINGS TO INSTALLChrome and Firefox: For a better web browsing experience. www.google.com/chrome www.getfirefox.netJAVA Runtime, Flash: Essential plug-ins for some websites. www.java.com/en/download/index.jsp get.adobe.com/flashplayerFoxIT Reader: A fast and lightweight PDF reader. www.foxitsoftware.com/Secure_PDF_ ReaderPicasa: Manages your photo collection, and packs basic image editing. picasa.google.comKMPlayer: Extensive support for video codecs and has a pleasing interface. www.kmpmedia.net7ZIP: Takes care of all your archiving needs, including ZIP and RAR. www.7-zip .orgCCleaner: Keeps your PC clean and in top shape. www.piriform.com/ccleanerSkype: For all your video calling needs. www.skype.comInfraRecorder: Powerful but simple CD/DVD burning tool. infrarecorder .org", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17086218", "title": "FDI in retail will benefit common man: PM", "text": "NEW DELHI: Accusing the opposition of spreading misinformation regarding policy initiatives taken by UPA, a combative Prime Minister Manmohan Singh today said reform measures, including FDI in retail, will benefit the common man and create more jobs.Addressing a Congress rally at the Ramlila Maidan here, he said Congress party and the government were committed to create a prosperous India but the people have to travel a long distance to achieve that goal.\"If we want to bring some changes in our policies for the benefit of the country, we will definitely do so,\" he said.Defending the opening up of multi-brand retail to foreign investment, he said suggestions that this will harm farmers were \"wrong\".The \"difference\" between Congress and those opposing them was that his party and the government wanted to create a change in the society, he said.\"We have to take difficult decisions to achieve this... Those opposing us will be proved wrong. Eight crore people have benefited from the MNREGA. Twelve crore children have benefited from mid-day meal programme. Prosperity should reach the common man.\"We need economic reforms to create more jobs... The people are being misled about recent government decisions... We have done a lot of work in the last eight years,\" Singh said.Elaborating on his defence of FDI, he said Congress and the government believes that FDI in retail is in the interest of farmers.\"All will be benefited. Farmers will get the right price for their produce. New employment opportunities will emerge. It is wrong that FDI in retail will affect farmers. Such a suggestion is aimed at misleading the country,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17083315", "title": "K S Eshwarappa warns B S Yeddyurappa loyalists of action", "text": "HUBLI: Deputy chief minister and BJP state president K S Eshwarappa on Saturday said he would ask the party high command to take disciplinary action against Tumkur MP G Basavaraju and Haveri MLA Nehru Olekar, supporters of former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa, for challenging the party's national leadership.Speaking to reporters here, Eshwarappa warned partymen (Yeddyurappa's supporters) of disciplinary action if they spoke against the party's national leaders.\"Nobody should criticize or comment about the party's national leaders. If any body does so, action will be initiated against the person without any hesitation,\" he said.Reacting to Eshwarappa's threat, Olekar challenged him to take action against Yeddyurappa saying: \"If he has the guts, let him take action against our leader, before acting on us.\"Meanwhile, Eshwarappa said he feels Yeddyurappa would not quit the party. \"I don't think he will quit the BJP, for he knows the plight of people who have quit the party and tried to float a new party,\" he said. He added that the party's national general secretary and state in-charge Dharmendra Pradhan was arriving in Bangalore on November 6 to resolve the conflicts in the party.\"Yeddyurappa is a tall leader of the party. There are some misunderstandings and confusions which will be solved during a meeting with the MLAs, MPs, ministers and party leaders,\" he said, adding: \"Some people are misleading Yeddyurappa.\"When asked about the allegations against BJP national president Nitin Gadkari , he said the Congress had no moral authority to criticize the BJP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17082643", "title": "SBI opens green banking branch", "text": "GUWAHATI: Under green banking initiative of State Bank of India , Nagaland chief secretary Lalthara on Saturday inaugurated the first green banking branch of the bank at Jotsoma Science College in Kohima.SBI's assistant general manager Ashok Kumar Das, regional manager (Dimapur region) Biswajeet Bhattacharjee and other staff of the bank. The function was attended by village council members of Jotsoma, staff and students of St. Andrew's School and Kohima Science College.On the occasion, SBI donated eco-friendly waste bins to the local village council and water purifier to the neighbouring schools and also organized a drawing competition among school children on the theme of environment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17080743", "title": "Haryana or NHAI could buy out Delhi-Gurgaon Expressway: Hooda", "text": "NEW DELHI: Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda said on Saturday that either the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) or the state government could \"purchase\" the Delhi-Gurgaon Expressway to make it a hassle-free stretch, triggering talk that the state was keen on buying out the project.The toll plazas on the 27.7 km expressway have hindered traffic, angered commuters and have triggered a tussle between the NHAI and the concessionaire. The issue has also the reached the courts.\"I will talk to NHAI and the highways minister on this,\" Hooda told reporters on the sidelines of a conference in Gurgaon. \"It can be either NHAI or the Haryana government,\" Hooda said when asked whether the state government would buy the project. \"I want that the approach to Gurgaon to be hassle free,\" the CM said.Hooda's comments on Saturday have once again put the spotlight on the \"buy out\" option for the project. Highways minister C P Joshi had also referred to a \"buy out\" in July when he met officials from the ministry, NHAI, Haryana government and private developers.The massive traffic jams at the 32-lane toll plaza hit the headlines prompting the NHAI to slap a contract termination notice on the concessionaire. The concessionaire had challenged the NHAI move in the Delhi high court.Joshi had said that future of the expressway would depend on the court order and if the traffic situation did not improve even after that the Union government might buy back the project, pegged at around Rs 2,000 crore.Sources in the Haryana government said that the issue of buying back the project had also emerged at a meeting at the NHAI headquarters in July between Haryana chief secretary P K Chaudhary and Authority chairman R P Singh . Officials said Singh had said that only the Haryana government could buy out the project, if such a move was necessary, and the modalities could be worked out later.\"Now that the CM had shown interest, we will seriously take it up,\" Chaudhary told TOI when asked whether the state government would proceed for a buy out.Senior NHAI officials the authority has not been informed about any move by the Haryana government but raised doubts. \"Who will pay Rs 1,600 crore that the present concessionaire has raised from banks? Such a move would also have serious repercussions on the entire public-private-partnership (PPP) mode of constructing highways,\" an official said.Sources also said there is no provision of buying back the project in the contract agreement, and hence the NHAI would have to terminate the project first. In case, the government offers to buy back the expressway without terminating the contract, the concessionaire's claim based on the calculation of the potential earning toll during the remaining years of the contract period is estimated at around Rs 2,000 crore.With indications that the 32-lane toll plaza won't be able to handle the rise in traffic flow in the coming years - 3.97 lakh passenger car units (PCU) every day by 2023 - the demand of doing away with the toll plaza has got louder. At present, the traffic flow on the expressway is about 2 lakh PCUs a day.While many in the government feel that how much should be the price of buying \"people's inconvenience\" must not hold back it from taking a decision that some analysts view as \"bailing out\" the concessionaire. They also say that it could fan controversies in the future.Now, the concessionaire has signed a MoU with the NHAI before the Delhi HC to take measures in 12 months to resolve all issues and ensure smooth traffic flow. Any failure on its part to adhere to its commitment may result in termination of the contract.Times ViewThe Haryana chief minister is right when he suggests that the government should take over the expressway. It must compensate the concessionaire for the potential profits foregone and scrap the toll. The exact amount of compensation to be paid is best left to an independent body to work out. Arguing that it is a huge price to pay and that it will set a bad precedent for other toll projects is bad reasoning. Removing the toll will greatly ease the commute between Delhi and its most economically important suburb and hence allow for rapid economic development. The enhanced economic activity will yield much more revenue than the compensation while benefiting the economy and the public greatly. As for precedents, a toll on a road which is for all practical purposes an internal city road cannot be equated with tolls on inter-city roads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17085813", "title": "Of art and aesthetics", "text": "Times Life gives you one tip to add that zing to your living room, instantly.For the festive season ahead, a little change here and there in your home can instantly transform a dull corner to a bright spot. Here are a few ways to cheer up your home. The bright wall: Says interior designer Pinakin Patel, \"The best way to break monotony is to paint at least one wall in your house in a bright, auspicious colour, say red. A simple two-coat roll-on will be sufficient. That sudden infusion of colour will bring an instant festive energy. Support it with a few strategic shifts of existing furniture and accessories without worrying about the \"matching\". Says interiors expert Monica Khanna, \"Colour can transform the energy within your home.If you have beautiful gold , red and green stenciling, the walls look festive. Add a bit of texturing, like stucco, and then play it up by adding paintings or artefacts. If you don't want to paint the whole wall, just add purple and pink flowers and blue- green lights. It could look stunning.\" Bindu Vadera , director of an interior design store, agrees, \"Choose a colour that suits your lifestyle. Lighter colours provide an airy feel and dark colours offer intimacy.\" Magic of functional art: Nothing defines good taste more than the use of functional art \u00e2\u20ac\u201d interior accessories and lifestyle pieces make your home appear classic and stylish. New Yorkbased interior designer Karim Rashid believes, \"A piece of functional art adds instant style. It could be a dramatic fibreglass sculpture or a table that's an artful combination of function and style, like the Panton chair I've designed. It makes my dining room ultra-chic, especially in this tangerine colour.\" The dramatic chandelier: Another simple way to add instant glamour to your room is to get one startling, sparkling chandelier. Says interior designer Nisha Jamvwal, \"The one thing I always love infusing in my interiors \u00e2\u20ac\u201d professional and personal \u00e2\u20ac\u201d is a chandelier. It can change the look of a room entirely.\" Chandelier designer Regis Mathieu says, \"They are not just lighting pieces. A chandelier defines opulence and grandeur. It's a piece of art for your home.\" Like chandeliers, a charming candelabra can also change the look of your house instantly. Says interior designer Manjeet Bhullar, \"A stunning four-arm candelabra of bronze and crystal can glamourise your balcony, bedroom or living room on a budget. It's not too expensive, and will be perfect for Diwali. You can use diyas and candles.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17082651", "title": "Mock drill to test govt dept, NGO efficiency", "text": "GUWAHATI: A mega mock drill was held in the city on Saturday to test the efficiency of the government departments and various non-governmental organizations in combating disastrous situations.The emergency exercise called Guwahati Emergency Management Exercise (GEMEx), 2012, held in the Assam Engineering Institute playground here is the third mega mock drill to be held in the country after Mumbai and Chennai.The drill was conducted by the Assam State Disaster Management Authority with support of National Disaster Management Authority, District Disaster Management Authority of Kamrup (Metro), UNICEF, New York City Fire Department, Cornell-Columbia University and All India Disaster Mitigation Institute.The mock drill had around 60 children (aged 13-18 years) of 19 schools play the role of victims of an earthquake that had affected their school. The children were trained by UNICEF with support of All India Disaster Mitigation Institute, Ahmedabad.Various sets like St Angle High School, Assam Petrochemical Limited, Assam Secretariat and Heritage Complex had been prepared to make the drill look realistic. A total of 1500 people participated in the drill. Two hundred mock victims affected by earthquake and terrorist attack were taken to GMCH and other private hospitals of the city to test the emergency management of the hospitals.\"Hopefully GEMEx, 2012 will be instrumental in spreading awareness on combating disasters. We had a mock drill on chemical industrial disaster management as there are lots of chemical industries in Assam. Apart from this, the participants were trained on how to respond instantly in case of other disasters like earthquake or fire,\" said Muzaffar Ahmad, member of the National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA).Inaugurated by state revenue and disaster management minister Prithibi Majhi, various government departments took part in the mock drill.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17082373", "title": "Road to Sukhmani Enclave still a nightmare", "text": "LUDHIANA: The construction work on the road along Sidhwan Canal that leads to Sukhmani Enclave and Pushp Vihar, has failed to pick up pace despite the fact that monsoon has retreated.The public works department will resume work after Diwali as officials are awaiting the closure report of canal.Manish Gupta, a businessman and resident of Sukhmani Enclave, said, \"The construction work has been stalled for six months now. This despite the fact that authorities have confirmed that there is no water in the Sidhwan Canal, which is running along the road. Thanks to the lackadaisical attitude of the authorities we have to suffer while taking a long route to reach home.\"Another resident, Amit Chaudhry, a businessman and resident of Sukhmani Enclave, said, \"Since the road has been under construction for quite some time now, we have to take the South City road and then turn half way again to reach home. This is causing a lot of inconvenience and not to mention petrol wastage due to the extra commute.\"A resident of Pushp Vihar, who declined to be named, added, \"We are the only sufferers with the delay in road construction - both physically as well as financially. And what is more disturbing is the fact that the authorities have not even set a deadline for completing the work.\"Angrez Singh, executive engineer of PWD, said, \"We will resume road construction after Diwali and it will take at least seven to eight months to complete.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17081767", "title": "Govt hospitals to display free medicine stock", "text": "BHOPAL: Availability of medicines in government hospitals would soon be displayed on an electronic board. The health department has issued a directive to display updated information on drugs availability, ahead of the free medicine distribution scheme to be launched across Madhya Pradesh from November 7.\"Public interest would be best served by the move ,\" said additional director health services Dr B S Ohri. It would also improve transparency and bring about more accountability, he added.Information about 147 essential drugs would be displayed. JP Hospital in the state capital would become the first hospital to display the information.\"We have listed more than 200 medicines available for the public,\" said district chief medical and health officer ( CMHO) Dr Pankaj Shukla. Instead of an electronic board, JP hospital uses existing LCD monitors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17082205", "title": "Fugitive knew cops would be waiting for him at airport", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Investigators said when Gandhi realized that he had reached the end and had spent all he could, he sold his laptop which contained all his financial transactions and other data and got a one-way ticket to India.He took the Bangkok-Ahmedabad flight via Mumbai so that there would be no checking at Mumbai airport . Officials said Gandhi had seen his lookout notice on the internet and knew that a police party would be waiting for him at the airport.\"He didn't even have a bag when we caught at the immigration counter. He was calm and ready to come with us,\" said officials.The officials said that Gandhi claims to have led a frugal life after losing much of his money in buying shelter and hopping from one country to another. He stayed in the country only till the visitor's visa allowed and then changed base. In Bangkok, he even worked at a shoe factory for a while to get some money, said officials.\"Gandhi has told us had no idea that he would have to wait for more than a year to return home. During this time, he went from Sri Lanka to Bangkok, and on to Kenya and Congo. He even spoke to some locals about a new financial scheme but had to abandon the idea for want of response. He returned to Bangkok, went to Sri Lanka and again went to Bangkok before heading home after a year and a half on the run,\" said an investigator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17087446", "title": "Allu Sirish's Gouravam starts new schedule", "text": "While the first, second and third schedules were shot in the locales of Mysore, Rajamundry and Pollachi, Allu Sirish-Yami Gautham's film Gouravam has commenced its new schedule on Friday in Chennai. Director Balaji Mohan started filming scenes on Sirsh and other casting in the streets of T Nagar in this schedule. The film has completed more than 70% of the shooting with Balaji exuding confidence on the project.Prakash Raj is producing this bilingual (Telugu and Tamil) social drama under Duet Movies banner. S S Thaman is composing the music and Preetha is handling the cinematography. Writer BVS Ravi will be assisting the direction team for the Telugu version of the film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17082221", "title": "Congmen leave for Delhi for 'support FDI rally'", "text": "JAIPUR: Busloads of Congressmen from far away districts of the state left for New Delhi on Saturday afternoon to participate in the party rally called there in support of the UPA-II government's policy decisions, including the 100% FDI in retail.Congress state president Chandrabhan too left in the afternoon and checked the preparations on route at the four check-points set up to provide assistance to the workers leaving for the rally. The state's Congress leaders have put in their entire might to take maximum number of workers for the rally amid indications that the party central leadership was heavily relying on Delhi's neighbouring states, including Rajasthan, for a 'historic' turnout for the show of strength at this crucial juncture.The Congress-led UPA-II has recently come under a severe attack from the opposition parties as well as the activists on different issues, majorly corruption. The Congress leaders are expected to launch a counter-offensive at the rally where Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , party president Sonia Gandhi and Rahul Gandhi would be the star speakers.The state leadership had sent a message down to its block and booth levels to gather maximum participants for the rally. The hopefuls for the party ticket in the upcoming assembly elections were especially told to demonstrate their strength at the rally. The party president even said the organisation would videograph the supporters accompanying the leaders, so to weigh their claims for the party ticket in elections.To ensure smooth travelling for its workers, the state Congress even booked coaches in trains passing through Delhi from Rajasthan. Congressmen from Udaipur, Jodhpur and Bikaner districts were told to travel by train.The rally would be attended by Congress's district and block presidents from all over the country, besides its ministers at the Centre and states, MPs and MLAs. Sunday's rally is also expected to set the agenda for the party's one-day brainstorming session at Surajkund on November 9 in which it plans to discuss current political and economic situation as well as review the implementation of programmes promised in the party manifesto.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17083095", "title": "Plane makes emergency landing after 'bird strike'", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A New Delhi-bound flight landed within a few minutes of taking off from Biju Patnaik Airport here on Friday. While airport authorities described it as a \"technical snag\", passengers on board the flight said a bird hit had forced the plane to make an emergency landing.\"The flight took off well, but within a few minutes there was a jerk and the flight landed back. All the passengers were adjusted in other flights,\" said Jairam Rana, a passenger. But an airport official said, \"We had to cancel the flight due to a technical snag.\" He, however, admitted that bird-hit cases are rampant at the airport and caused regular disruption of flights.According to airport sources, around 22 cases of bird hits were reported at the city airport till October 31. But the actual number is more as not all the cases are reported unless they are serious, the sources added.Airport director Sarad Kumar, who is in Mumbai, told TOI over phone: \"We have written to the chief secretary, BMC authorities and forest officials about this menace. Everyone promised to help but no action was taken. Animal waste being dumped in and around the airport causes severe problem for operation of flights. Some strong action has to be taken in this regard by the civic authorites.\"On Saturday, a truck load of animal waste was dumped near the airport boundary near Dumduma attracting large number of vultures. Following complaints from local residents, Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC) officials went for a spot verification and said they will issue a notice to the offender.Though Airport Authority of India (AAI) guidelines stipulates that an area of 10km from runways should be free from any kind of dumping garbage, and meat and chicken shops, the guidelines are flouted in the case of Biju Patnaik Airport.\"Dumping of animal wastes in the locality is not new, but no steps are being taken against violators. I have filed a police complaint and written to all higher authorities but no one is listening. Due to these vultures, a major aviation accident is waiting to happen,\" said Md Azeemuddin, a resident of Dumduma area.Airport officials, however, maintained that they were trying their best to avoid the eventuality of a major mishap. \"We use crackers to scare away the birds. We have also appointed bird chasers who keep on moving at the airport to chase away birds during take-offs and landings,\" said H J Parmar, AGM, airport traffic. \"Thanks to these measures, no big incident due to bird hit has occurred at the city airport in the last one year,\" Parmar added.With the Centre assuring chief minister Naveen Patnaik to upgrade the city airport into an international airport, the state government had issued a directive to the civic and the airport authorities to ensure that there was no bird menace in the aerodrome area. \"It has been decided to make airport buildings pigeon free. The slaughter houses around the aerodrome will be shifted to new locations,\" said mayor A N Jena.AI cancels flights from BhubaneswarIn a severe blow to the city's air connectivity, Air India has decided to stop plying its two flights connecting Bhubaneswar with Kolkata and Chennai from Monday. The bad news comes just ahead of the onset of the peak tourist season. The national carrier issued a circular to all passenger sales agents on November 1 mentioning Air India flight AI-768 / 770 (Kolkata- Bhubaneswar- Kolkata) stands withdrawn with effect from November 5 till further notice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17081249", "title": "Controversial movie up for review", "text": "HYDERABAD: With the movie 'A woman in Brammanism' creating a storm before its release due to the profane content in the film's trailer released on Youtube , the state government has constituted a committee to review the film and submit a report on it.The Brahmana Aikya Vedika made a representation to the chief minister, raising objections about the film's content. With the request of the managing director of the AP Film, TV and Theatre Development Corporation, the state government constituted a committee which would submit its report to the government by November 10.The committee will be headed by the principal secretary of women and child development and constitute of principal secretary, social welfare department, a senior police officer as a representative of the director general of police, preferably from the women's protection cell, a representative of a women's organisation nominated by the principal secretary, women and child welfare department, Tammareddy Bharadwaj, president, A P Film Chamber of Commerce, Murali Mohan, secretary, Telangana Film Chamber of Commerce, a representative of a Brahmin organisation nominated by the commissioner, information and public relations department, and secretary, law department. The commissioner, information and public relations will be the member-convener.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17083104", "title": "Man shouts at British PM, told to do 100-hr community service", "text": "-- Richard HallA man who interrupted a speech by David Cameron in a protest over public sector spending cuts has been ordered to carry out 100 hours of community service.Stewart Rodger, 23, hid in a toilet at the Grand Central Hotel in Glasgow in July to gain access to the room where Cameron was later to address hundreds of Conservatives . A court heard on Friday that after avoiding security at the hotel, Rodger burst into the room and shouted,\"No ifs, no buts, no public sector cuts.\" He was given a community payback order at Glasgow sheriff court on Friday, with the condition that he carry out 100 hours of community service.The sentence was reduced from 150 hours after Rodger admitted to behaving in a threatening or abusive manner by violating a security cordon, shouting and failing to desist, attempting to approach the PM and causing fear and alarm.In August last year Rodger had been fined \u00c2\u00a3200 for throwing an egg containing blue paint over the Deputy PM, Nick Clegg, in a protest at his party's coalition partnership with the Conservatives . The former student of Glasgow university said he had not meant to hit Clegg, but the Lib Dem leader had \"deserved it\" .-- The Independent", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17083399", "title": "Silent campaigners against dreaded virus", "text": "VADODARA: Nisha Panchal was a shy 16-year-old teenager. When encouraged by her elder sister she volunteered to be part of a new entity taking shape in her village, Chandod, in Dabhoi. Manish Makwana, now in his 20s, was at the crossroads of life, undecided about what shape he wanted his future to take when he heard health workers discussing HIV-AIDS in his village, Samiala. Harsha was also a simple village belle, taking interest in teenage games till her brother Dharmendra met a volunteer at the village health centre and shared the information at home.Three years later, these youngsters come across as self assured individuals, who have grown remarkably - mentally and socially-after opting to be volunteers for Youth Information Centres (YIC) - a joint effort of National Aids Control Organization (NACO) and UNICEF. Each of them has helped more that 300 people in their respective villages to go for HIV screening, helped the affected get Antiretroviral Therapy (ART) and created awareness about the prevention of the dreaded virus.\"Imagine, a 16-year-old girl talking about unsafe sex to women her mother's age. They would ask me not to talk about 'gandi baat'. But, I knew, I was doing the right thing, because there were very few individuals who had even heard about HIV or AIDS in my village three years ago. We were sitting on a time bomb,\" says Nisha, who has turned into a talkative, 19-year old entrepreneur, thanks to the training and exposure that YIC brought for her. She also runs a beauty parlour in the village.Siblings Harsha and Dharmendra Verma from Jarod in Waghodia village don't feel self conscious when talking about HIV among village elders. \"We were given initial training on interpersonal communication by link persons who selected us to be volunteers,\" they reveal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17083096", "title": "Erotic novel beats first-week sales of Fifty Shades of Grey", "text": "New erotic novel Reflected in You has sold more copies than Fifty Shades of Grey did in its first week. Published by Penguin, it has shifted 82,759 paperbacks in the first six days of release in the UK according to Nielsen BookScan.Written by Japanese-American author Sylvia Day, Reflected in You is the latest in her Crossfire trilogy which includes Bared to You and Entwined with You, charting the emotional and romantic lives of Gideon Cross and Eva Tramwell.Like Fifty Shades, the Crossfire series follows a female protagonist through her relationship with a tormented billionaire . It contains sexually explicit material and could also be described as \"mummy porn\" .Only JK Rowling's The Casual Vacancy and Dan Brown's The Lost Symbol have sold more copies in their first week according to Nielsen.Day's book topped both the print and ebook charts in America following its release a month ago, selling 286,000 digital copies in the US in its first week of release . With 75,000 digital pre-orders in the UK (full sales data not yet available) it has been called Penguin UK's \"most successful ever e-book in terms of weekly sales\" .It has emerged as serious competition to EL James' Fifty Shades trilogy, the first book of which became the biggest-selling tome since records began with more than 5.3 million sales.-- The Independent", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17082185", "title": "Mega makeover for parking lots", "text": "KOLKATA: To augment revenue from car parking and prevent the harassment of motorists at the hands of unscrupulous parking attendants, the civic body has decided to invite open tenders for managing parking zones across the city.\"Earlier, we used to invite internal tenders based on which we would allot the parking lots to the existing cooperative societies. Now we are planning to invite an open tender where fresh societies can also bid,\" said Soumen Moulik, the chief manager (car parking), Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC). The civic body has already turned down the pleas of prominent cooperative societies for extension of the contract.The KMC also plans to introduce some new parking zones to meet the heightened demand. Some of the areas it plans to declare as parking zones include College Street, Surjya Sen Street, Netaji Subhas Road, Strand Road, Short Street, Park Circus and Bhowanipore, among others.Rajib Deb, the mayor-in-council member overseeing the KMC car parking department, said the KMC was determined to augment revenue from car parking and offer motorists more space to park their cars without harassment. Deb is particularly worried about rise in the number of fake agencies that collect money from motorists at night for parking their cars in areas that are not authorized parking zones.This is not all. The KMC, together with the Kolkata Police, is set to launch a drive against illegal parking lots that have been mushrooming across the city. To begin with, the civic authorities will launch a campaign asking car owners to avoid parking their cars in unauthorized spaces.\"After a week, we will begin a drive and any cars found in illegal parking zones will be seized. We will levy heavy penalty on those who don't abide by the rules,\" said a KMC car parking department official.A list with the KMC car parking department reveals the presence of 'fake' parking lots on several thoroughfares. Among them are CIT Road (Kankurgachi), Bagbazar Street, Rabindra Sarani (Rabindra Bharati to Vivekananda Road), Amherst Street, Muktarambabu Street in the north, Indian Mirror Street, Elliot Road, Short Street (from Loudon Street to Rawdon Street) in the central and Park Circus seven-point crossing, Baker Road (Alipore), Turf Road, Sarat Bose Road (Elgin Road to Padmapukur), Purna Das Road (Gol Park to Jatin Bagchi Road), Ballygunge Station Road, Manoharpukur Road (part), Motilal Nehru Road (behind Priya Cinema), Raja Basanta Roy Road, Jatin Bagchi Road (Southern Avenue to Gol Park) and Ballygunge Circular Road (near David Hare Training College) in the south.However, proposals are also being floated by a section of the KMC car parking department officials to regularize some of these spaces so as to earn revenue and discourage increase in the number of fake parking agencies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17081661", "title": "MY Hospital report on pregnant inmate raises eyebrows", "text": "INDORE: Same hospital, same medical instruments and the same woman. But once she was tested pregnant while second time 'not.'All's certainly not well at MY Hospital. Chances of the jail inmate being aborted cannot be ruled out, sources say.Taking a diplomatic approach, MY Hospital superintendent Dr P S Thakur neither accepted nor ruled out chances of the abortion on hospital premises. He said, \"Nothing wrong has taken place after October 22. Since the issue came to my notice, I set up a board of doctors to inquire into the case. I do not know what has happened before October 22,\" he said.Contrary to his claim, a highly placed source in the hospital confirmed that Dr Thakur was well aware about the issue. The source said the superintendent was informed about it on October 17 when media persons tried to contact the woman inmate. In response, Dr Thakur sent a few security guards to the mental hospital. Even, doctors recommendation letter to set up a board of doctors for the enquiry purpose on October 19.However, Dr Ujjwal Sardesai who was the acting head of department in absence of Dr Ramghulam Rajdan reiterated his claims to the media, \"It was only after we got it in written after the test reports from the doctors of gynaecology department that we confirmed pregnancy of the woman\".Commenting over the issue, State Women Commission (SWC) member Snehlata Upadhyay also termed it as a special case. She said that SWC will treat the case as special one and will set up a special bench. All doctors who participated in first and second medical check-up of the pregnancy of the woman will be asked to appear before the bench of SWC, she added.Upadhyay further said that reports prepared on both October 16 and 17 are in her possession. They clearly show that the woman is pregnant.Earlier, a 35-year-old under-trial inmate found five-week pregnant when she came for medical observation in MY Hospital. She was housed in Jhabua jail for last months on the charge of killing her mother-in-law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17081378", "title": "'Building a communication bridge between parents and teachers'", "text": "Shaashi Prashant and Pankaj Singh ( co-promoter director) have now completed the 'missing link' between educational institutes and parents. Information dissemination from schools is now a more controlled and targeted task as the city duo ensure that there is no communication gap between the school and parents. Be it an emergency holiday, important test or a project deadline - parents are kept updated on every vital information using the latest communication technology. TOI speaks to Shaashi and Pankaj on their effortExcerpts from an interview...Q. What exactly is Axess Solutions doing?Pankaj: We try to share the load of the teachers as well as parents by building a communication bridge between them. Teachers usually have complaints on how students are not completing their assignments in the given time frame. Now parents receive an SMS on what is being taught on daily basis and reminded of deadlines. By updating the parents continuously, their last minute tension of providing things for the project, or helping the child in particular sector of concern or timely appreciation has also been taken care of. Our services are rendered only to the educational sector irrespective of school, college, tutorial and training centres.Q. How did you see an opportunity in this field?Shaashi: For more than a decade both of us have worked in the educational sector. We were well aware of the day to day changes in the system. We felt it's the need of an hour. As the parents who are spending a lot of money for educating their child, it is only fair that they are aware of what exactly is happening in the institute. In schools the 'no bag', 'no homework' and 'working parents' concept has some what created a confusion as to what is been taught in the class on daily basis. We saw this as an opportunity to bridge the communication gap.Q. So how do you deliver the information to parents?Pankaj: We deliver the information in three easy modes i.e. Reach-Us which is telephone assistance, second is updating the parents about their ward and school/institution happenings via SMSes. Third mode of delivery is online information using the Internet. Ours is a single call system which is working 24 hours a day, with a staff of 65.Q. Earlier, schools would inform parents by writing notes in the school diary. Was the shift to technology needed?Shaashi: It's the need of the hour. All other sectors are progressing so education sector should also accept and implement new technologies. By this facility institutions are directly in touch with parents 24/7 and are also extending their hands in saving the environment. That is because this systems reduces the use of stationery up to 75% hence saves paper by on to the electronic media.Q. You seem to be relying heavily on mobile phones?Pankaj: The main reason for us to run our systems on mobile phone is that our society is still not that computer savvy to log in every time for updates. Not even 40% of the parents are well versed with computer, but on other hand the mobile phone is easily available and easy to operate.Q. Are schools open to such a concept?Shaashi: We are already servicing schools in seven states apart from Maharashtra. Education is a vast field and many more new things will come and will be accepted by the institution and parents. Our concept is already interactive. It is two-way interaction where the parents/students can get information and at the same time log their queries also which are answered back to their satisfaction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17081858", "title": "Stage set for consensus over Kovalam palace row: CPM, Cong okay with handing over", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The fate of Kovalam Palace and the surrounding land seems to be sealed in favour of the present holder of the property as two of the major parties - the CPM and Congress - are in agreement with the government's proposal to lease out the property to the hotel owner.The CPM state secretariat, which met on Friday, is learnt to have decided not to oppose the government's proposal to hand over the property to the RP Group of Companies.In the government order (GO (MS) No.219/2012/TSM) issued by the tourism department on August 25, it was specified that if the owner of Leela Palace Hotel (RP Group of Companies) is willing to accept the government's ownership over the castle and surrounding land, they can use the land and its structures.The order had also said that the decision on the settlement of the issue shall be taken only after arriving at a consensus by holding an all-party conference.Though opposition leader V S Achuthanandan had strongly come out against the proposal, it is learnt that his stand was brushed away by the CPM leadership. In the secretariat meeting, VS was told by other leaders that no legal proceedings against the present owner of the hotel would be successful, said sources. With the CPM switching to a consensus mode, the only dissent voice against the proposal would be from the CPI.\"We demand that the government should not mix up the matter of leasing out the property with the claims of ownership. The state should take strong legal steps to ensure in the court that the government is the sole owner. The remaining things are only secondary,\" said CPI parliamentary party leader C Divakaran. A delegation of CPI MLAs had visited the palace and had submitted a memorandum to the chief minister stating that the primary task was to ensure the government's ownership over the property.Though the RSP is yet to take a stand in this regard, indications are that they would second the opinion of the CPM. \"We have received an invitation from the chief minister for the meeting. But we are yet to take a decision on the matter,\" RSP leader N K Premachandran said.The revenue department has been maintaining a stand that the whole transaction initiated by Thiruvananthapuram district collector in 2000, which lead to the ownership issues, is null and void, and the government is the sole owner of the property. The palace and surrounding land has been the eye of a storm since the late 90's.The RP Group, which owns the Kovalam Leela Hotel at present, had given a proposal to the government to use the 10.20 acres and the structures in it for its business purpose. The matter had come before the cabinet on August 22 and it decided to concede to the proposal submitted by the RP Group owned by businessman Ravi Pillai, under the pretext of 'requiring a peaceful atmosphere for the future development of Kovalam as an international tourist destination'.The fate of Kovalam Palace and the surrounding land seems to be sealed in favour of the current holder of the property as two of the major parties- the CPM and the Congress are in agreement with the government's proposal to lease out the property to the hotel owner.The CPM state secretariat which met on Friday, is learnt to have decided not to oppose the government's proposal to hand over the property to the RP Group of Companies. In the government order (GO (MS) No.219/2012/TSM) issued by the Tourism Department on August 25, it was specified that if the owner of the Leela Palace Hotel (RP Group of Companies) is willing to accept the ownership of the government over the castle and surrounding land, they can use the land and structures in the land for their purpose.The order had also said that the decision on the settlement of the issue shall be taken only after arriving at a consensus by holding an all-party conference.Though Opposition Leader V S Achuthanandan had strongly come out against the proposal, it is learnt that his stand was brushed away by the CPM leadership. In the secretariat meeting, VS was told by other leaders that no legal proceedings against the present owner of the hotel would be successful, said sources.With the CPM switching to a consensus mode, the only dissent voice against the proposal would be from the CPI. \"We demand that the government should not mix up the matter of leasing out the property with the claims of the ownership. Government should take strong legal steps to ensure in the court that the government is the sole owner of the property. The remaining things are only secondary,\" said CPI parliamentary party leader C Divakaran. A delegation of CPI MLAs had visited the palace and had submitted a memorandum to the chief minister stating that the primary task was to ensure government's ownership over the property.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17087312", "title": "Narendra Modi's 'girlfriend' remarks deplored within BJP: Shahi Tharoor", "text": "NEW DELHI: Days after Narendra Modi took potshots at his wife, Union minister Shashi Tharoor on Sunday said he was 'gratified' that a large number of people, including BJP leaders, 'deplored' the Gujarat chief minister's conduct.\"When this little business (Modi's attack on his wife) happened, I was gratified by the enormous number...large number of BJP people including some former ministers reached out to me to say how much they regretted the deplorable conduct of one of their own, which they would not say publicly,\" Tharoor said during a television interview.Speaking at an election rally in Shimla last month, Modi had taken potshots at Tharoor's personal life, saying his wife Sunanda Pushkar was once his 'Rs 50 crore girlfriend'.Modi had made the remarks a day after the Congress leader made a comeback in the Union Cabinet reshuffle as Minister of State for Human Resources Development.\"Wah kya girlfriend hai. Apne kabhi dekha hai 50 crore ka girlfriend?\" (What a girlfriend?. Have you ever seen a 50-crore girlfriend), Modi had said at an election rally, in an apparent attack on Tharoor's wife.Hitting at him over his remarks, the suave politician had tweeted \"My wife is worth a lot more than your imaginary 50 crores. She is priceless. But you need2be able2love some1 2understand that.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17084754", "title": "Youth jailed for 10 years for kidnapping and raping minor", "text": "NEW DELHI: A youth has been jailed for 10 years by a Delhi court for kidnapping and raping a minor girl to compel her to marry him.Additional Sessions Judge Kamini Lau also imposed a fine of Rs 20,000 on Uttar Pradesh native Raju Kumar Verma saying his crime was \"unpardonable.\"The court held Raju guilty of kidnapping 13-year-old girl from here and taking her to Ballia in UP, noting that he was an \"old player\" and had eloped earlier also with a girl who had died in mysterious circumstances after giving birth to two children.The court sentenced Raju, saying that it is a matter of \"national concern\" that cases of allurement and elopement of young girls and their sexual exploitation are at rise.\"Of late, instances of young girls of impressionable age being allured and sexually exploited thereafter are on rise and this is a matter of national concern,\" the court said.As per prosecution, Raju was living near the victim's house at Nithari village in North West Delhi and was working as a mason here.He began courting her since September last year, writing letters to her to say he was in love with her, the police said, adding he allured the girl to accompany him.Raju took the girl to the railway station here and they went to Ballia where he asked her to dress up like his wife and resided there for nearly six months, it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17081973", "title": "Radiologists pledge against sex selection", "text": "JAIPUR: Expressing concern over declining sex ratio in the state, the radiologists took pledge to not to involve in any sex selection activities on Saturday.More than 250 radiologists in the state gathered in Jaipur to take part in the two-day state conference organized by the Indian Radiological &amp; Imaging Association.The radiologists discussed on the declining sex ratio in the seminar. They talked about the offences which are mentioned in the pre-conception, pre-natal and diagnostic techniques (PCPNDT) Act.They claimed that the maximum number of radiologists are not involved in any such activities. But there are radiologists who are very small in number who are the black sheep.Conference's organizing president Dr RC Yadav said, \"The radiologists took pledge for not to involve in sex selection through sonography. We also appealed to the radiologists not to conduct sex selection through sonography machines.\"It was also made clear that the radiologists caught in such activities would be expelled from the association, an organizing official said. The sex ratio has declined from 909 in 2001 to 883 in 2011 in the state.During the seminar, the resident doctors were trained how to make use of the new machines for muscles and joints sonography. They were also shown some of the latest development and advancements in sonography machines. Chairman of the reception committee Dr Vinod Shah said, \"All aspects of radiology including sonography, color doppler, CT scan, MRI, interventional radiology and onco radiology were covered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17080980", "title": "Dumper rams auto, school van; man dead, 2 kids injured", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 30-year-old man was killed and two children injured after a speeding dumper rammed into an autorickshaw and a school van on Saturday morning, police said. The errant driver, Umar Din (33), has been arrested and booked for causing death due to rash and negligent driving.The incident took place around 6am in Dwarka Sector-6 when the dumper collided with the autorickshaw and the school van, carrying 15 children.\"The autorickshaw driver, Surjit (30), died on the spot while two school children, Milan (10) and Sreyansh (16) have been injured. The injured children were rushed to Deen Dayal Upadhyay Hospital from where they were discharged after first aid,\" said an officer.In another accident, a 27-year-old man and his two friends, including a girl, were injured when his car hit a pole in Jamia Nagar, southeast Delhi. The cause of the accident has not yet been ascertained. The incident took place at 1am on Saturday when the man, Sagar, was driving back home in his car, police said.\"The PCR van stationed in the area informed us that a speeding car hit a pole and swirled three-four times before coming to a halt. Sagar and his friends were taken to AIIMS Trauma Centre and then to Batra Hospital,\" a senior cop said. Sagar's friends could not be reached, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17081597", "title": "Accident, not murder: Main accused", "text": "GURGAON: A 27-year-old man, native of Chakkarpur village, who had allegedly been killed by his friends, had died after being mowed down by a Scorpio car, according to police.While the main accused claim that it was an accident, police are searching for the other two accused to ascertain the facts. A senior police officer said Kamal, the main accused, said their car was stuck in a ditch and when they tried to pull it out, Manoj, who was standing behind the car, was mowed down accidentally.The officer said the Scorpio's tyres must have run over his chest, considering that Dr Deepak Mathur, forensic expert at the Civil Hospital, who carried out the postmortem, had said that the victim had received multiple injuries on his chest. Manoj Yadav, son of Mahipal Singh of Chakkarpur village, had left the house on October 31 with Kamal, a resident of Aayanagar in Delhi in a Scorpio car. His body was recovered from Gurgaon canal near Nimoth village the next day, November 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "17086572", "title": "Amritsar-Lahore festival begins", "text": "AMRITSAR: Kicked off by Punarjyot, a Center for Preservation and Promotion of the Heritage of Punjab, Amritsar and The Rafi Peer Theater Workshop , Lahore, in 2004, the Sanjh- Amritsar-Lahore peace festival entered its 9th year with the performance of Indian and Pakistani theater and folk artists, poets , sufi singers on Saturday.The line dividing two countries melted as the Pakistani Sufi singer Sain Zahoor delivered the Kalam (verses of poetry redolent with devotional love) of Baba Bullae Shah making the audience experience the mystical aura of Sufism and richness of shared culture and heritage of India and Pakistan. Quoting verses of Bulle Shah \"Ramdas kitae fateh mohammad, jag tae pae gaya shor, mit gaya duhan da jhagra, tae nika gaya ko hor\" Sain Zahoor told TOI that for him India and Pakistan were not two countries but one and just six decades of time couldn't wash away cultural , language, traditional , emotional and social fraternity of time immemorial.\"Amritsar is like my home, I have visited India almost 48 times, it is just due to immense love of people of India for me\" he said.Seeing the initiative flourishing which was taken by her parents Shawinder Sandhu and Manveen Sandhu, Direcotr Punarjyot, Keerat Sandhu said \"I don't know whether man made boundaries will ever be washed away or not but our endeavor is to promote people to people contact and find the hidden talent of both countries, chisel it and bring them on a single platform\".Director, actor, Usman Peerjada said: \"We have brought with us beautiful Sanjh of people of Pakistan for people of India\".He said people of both countries shared so much that they were successful in continuously holding festival for past 9 years. Artists could play a major role in forging cordial relations between two nations and could even move governments to listen to voices of common man.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17083296", "title": "Not yet divorced, but ready to tie the knot again", "text": "CHENNAI: With the rising number of divorce cases in the city, there seem to be an increasing number of 'awaiting divorce' brides and grooms sneaking into the marriage market. A cursory search of matrimonial sites across communities throws up hundreds of listings of potential brides and grooms in every age group, all with one thing in common - the fact that they are waiting to be divorced. And while there's no real legal harm in seeking, say lawyers, the real tangle is what happens when you find.\"While we advise clients to begin searching only once the final order of divorce is given in court, we have several of them telling us that they do not want to wait that long. They tell us that they have already begun looking,\" says citybased divorce lawyer K Subbu Ranga Bharathi. \"There are instances of people even fixing the date for their next marriage before the final divorce decree has been passed, but we always tell them not to jump the gun as nothing is final until you have it on paper. The case may be postponed or spouses may change their mind,\" says Bharathi.As per the Hindu Marriage Act and the Special Marriage Act, for divorces that are not by mutual consent, both partners have to wait out a limitation period of 60 days before they can legally remarry. But, with no real checks on online matrimonial sites, men and women seem to be putting up their 'ready to wed' profiles even before the divorce papers are signed. \"While we do ask for a mobile number, we don't have any other check,\" says Murugavel Janakiraman, founder-CEO of the online matrimonial site BharatMatrimony . \"We check the veracity of the marriage seeker by calling them on the mobile, that's really all we can do. If we find that they are awaiting divorce , we do not put their profile up. But if they lie to us, there is nothing more we can do. But people need to remember that matrimonial sites are just the first step. A lot more needs to be done before a marriage is finalised,\" says Janakiraman .In his 23 years in the remarriage bureau business, SKM Vasaant has had to turn away several men seeking to get married a second time, simply because they were not yet legally divorced. \"We never take on those cases until we verify that they are divorced,\" he says, and adds that it is the reason he has resisted going online .With women though, Vasaant is a little less guarded. \"Most women want to hurry up the process of remarriage for several reasons . They may feel they have crossed a certain age or they want to get married and have children, so we do begin the search. With men, we are wary because of the number of cases we see of men cheating women after promising marriage,\" he says.Chennai-based private detective A M Malathy has had a number of cases where men and women have lied about the status of their divorce or have tried to get married a second time even before their divorce has come through. \"We have had cases where a man has even gone to the extent of getting a ration card with another 'wife' while the divorce proceedings of his first marriage are not through,\" she says. Marriage counsellors though think it is a good idea to wait not just because that's what law demands. \"Waiting gives people time to introspect and recover emotionally and mentally. Rushing into another, or looking for a second partner while the first marriage is not yet over is never a good move,\" says Saras Bhaskar , who adds that she has an increasing number of people coming to for premarital counselling before they enter their second marriage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17083196", "title": "US man fined $1.5m for gay porn piracy", "text": "WASHINGTON: An American man has been slapped with a $1.5 million fine for pirating 10 gay porn movies via BitTorrent . A federal court in Illinois awarded the damages of $150,000 per movie to Flava Works, the creator of the pornographic films.The fine is thought to be so large because the accused, Kywan Fisher, did not defend himself against claims.According to the BBC, in its evidence, Flava revealed that it had embedded unique codes in the copies of its films that customers pay to view. These codes in the pirated films were connected back to Fisher, who had earlier signed up as a customer of Flava.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17082250", "title": "Cloud cover, drizzle make weekend pleasant", "text": "KOLKATA: The city on Saturday woke up to an overcast sky and experienced intermittent drizzle through the day. Light rain is likely to continue on Sunday, too, before the skies clear out some time on Monday.\"There cannot be anything better than November rain. The weather is perfect to step out for Diwali shopping. The light drizzle feels like a teaser to the impending chill of winter,\" said Sarita Karnani, a resident of Park Circus.Weathermen at the Regional Meteorological Centre in Alipore attributed the weather to twin developments-an anti-cyclonic circulation over the Bay of Bengal and a western disturbance in north Bengal. \"The cloud cover and drizzle were expected. It is more breezy than usual but the present weather does not indicate an early onset of winter in the city. We expect winter to arrive by last week of November,\" the official said.The maximum temperature recorded at the Met office on Saturday was 28.3 degree Celsius while the minimum temperature hovered around 22.3-degree mark.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17083351", "title": "Band, baaja, baraat shift to scenic offshore locales", "text": "BANGALORE: The Big Fat Indian wedding now travels out of the country - silhouetted against the sunset on the beaches of the Seychelles , or on a romantic island of Thailand.Today, the 'destination wedding ' fascinates the money-powered young Indian, as statistics obtained from the 2012 Wedding Destinations study reveal.If Thailand and Dubai are rich in history and culture and offer luxury hotels with scenic coastlines , Seychelles and Bali are extremely popular for their exotic beaches and private villas. \"Our study shows that the next generation wants to do things differently . The idea of a big Indian wedding at an offshore location is becoming a new trend, it is a smart way to combine new frontiers with traditional Indian ceremonies,\" says Abhishek Dadlani, CEO and founder of Lushescapes, a leading luxury travel provider.According to the survey, there have been 15 such weddings already and 30 more bookings are on for the next few months. \"We've been getting a lot of inquiries from Bangalore,'' said Dadlani.Bangaloreans getting hitched comprise a considerable chunk of this growing population, along with youngsters from Delhi, Mumbai , Kolkata, Chandigarh and Ahmedabad.These exotic locales can transform any wedding into a fairytale affair, with a perfect blend of magnificent tropical beaches, world-class cuisine, luxurious hospitality and impeccable service . Most couples who opt for such grand weddings in idyllic destinations wish to pamper their guests as well.Ask the young couples why and this is what they say. \"When I finally got engaged, my fiance and I thought that a quiet wedding with.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17084698", "title": "Yuvraj Singh set to return to Test ranks after almost a year", "text": "MUMBAI: Yuvraj Singh is all set to regain his spot in the Indian Test squad when the new national selection panel, headed by Sandeep Patil, sits down on Monday to pick the team for the series-opener against England at Ahmedabad from November 15-19.Though skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni has said that the left-handed batsman was the best judge of his fitness for the rigours of Test cricket after having undergone treatment for cancer, it looks unlikely that the selectors will leave him out of the squad.Yuvraj came back into the Indian team that flopped in the Twenty20 World Championship in Sri Lanka and then struck a double century for North Zone against Central Zone in the Duleep Trophy tie at Hyderabad, his re-entry into first class cricket.Chosen for India A against the England cricketers in the tourists opening three-day warm-up game at the Brabourne Stadium here, Yuvraj scored a fine 59 with seven fours and four sixes and then grabbed a career-best first-class haul of five wickets.Yuvraj last played a Test match against the West Indies last year in Kolkata.In all probability, he would come into the squad in place of S Badrinath who had taken the spot of the retired VVS Laxman.Yuvraj's likely competitor in the playing XI, Suresh Raina , too is expected to retain his position though he looked unconvincing against the England pace attack when leading India A at the Cricket Club of India. He made 20 and 19 not out in the drawn game.Raina had one fifty and two single digit scores in the two-Test rubber against New Zealand at home. But for a 78 in the opening match of the away series he played against England, Raina was a total failure, and also bagged a pair in the fourth and final Test.The rest of the squad members, barring surprise selection Piyush Chawla, are expected to retain their places. Chawla, who had last played a Test in 2008 against South Africa at Kanpur, was a surprise choice by Srikkanth and co. but sat in the reserves during the two-Test rubber against the Kiwis.It could be a toss-up between Chawla and Harbhajan Singh who was recalled for the World Twenty20 championships for the third slow bowler's slot.Ajinkya Rahane is likely to be the third opener alongside regulars Virender Sehwag and Gautam Gambhir while the middle order picks would be Virat Kohli, Sachin Tendulkar , Cheteshwar Pujara and the duo of Yuvraj and Raina along with Dhoni to prop up the latter order.Pace picks are expected to be Zaheer Khan , Umesh Yadav and Ishant Sharma , who were in the squad against New Zealand, with the bowling attack completed by spin twins R Ashwin and Pragyan Ojha, supported by Harbhajan or Chawla.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17082490", "title": "Maoist threat to CM's yatra", "text": "RANCHI: Security has been increased in Simdega district in wake of Maoists opposition to the second phase of chief minister Arjun Munda's road tour - Johar Yatra -- beginning on Sunday. In the second phase, he will be visiting istricts ofSouth Chotanagpur division.Police sources said that the Maoists have called it a political stunt and eyewash by putting posters at different places in Simdega district.\"The chief minister has nothing to offer to the people in his visit. This is a political stunt of coming to power again by fooling the public,\" said a police officer quoting intelligence report on the threat by Maoists.In the second phase of his visit, the chief minister will cover four districts including Simdega, Gumla and Lohardaga. All the districts are known for presence of Maoists.\"The first phase of his road tour drew flak from political parties and para teachers who were on indefinitely strike last month. This time he has received threat from Maoists. We are ready and have increased security on the proposed route of his four day tour,\" said a police officer.Simdega SP Parbhat Kumar confirmed increased Maoist presence in the area in the last few days. \"We have information of increased presence of Maoist in the area. Our efforts will be to locate their areas and launch an operation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17085361", "title": "Charmee to play a sex worker", "text": "After Shriya and Anuskha essaying the role of a sex worker, it's now Charmee's turn. The hot actress will be soon seen as a sex worker in a Telugu film Prema Oka Maikam to be directed by Chandu of 10th Class fame. And for the first time in her career, Charmi will be essaying the role of a call girl in this film.Prema Oka Maikam has Rahul of Happy Days fame as male lead and will be in the backdrop of Hyderabad. Shriya and Anushka earlier enacted as a sex worker for the films Pavithra and Vedam respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "dongguan (china)", "code": "17087869", "title": "Gaganjeet Bhullar takes a top-20 at WGC-HSBC Champions", "text": "DONGGUAN (China): Gaganjeet Bhullar was unable to find his magic touch in the third round and signed off with an even-par 72, that still earned him a top-20 finish at the WGC-HSBC Champions.He finished in a tie for 18th place and took home USD 75,000, which put alongside his top-10 at CIMB Classic last week, indicated that he is ready for the big league.His senior teammate Jeev Milkha Singh closed with a 71 to finish tied 46th on 287.Bhullar confessed that the key difference from winning at the highest level was simply self-belief.\"I think it's self-belief. It's the only difference. Today and the past few weeks, I've been playing with the PGA Tour players and I've been pumping my three woods past their drivers.Obviously, length is not an issue but the mental belief. If I play more and more in these events, one fine day, I'll wake up with the self belief and win a Major,\" said Bhullar, who finished nine shots behind winner Ian Poulter.Poulter claimed a two-shot victory after overcoming an overnight four-shot deficit with a second successive seven-under 65 today.The flamboyant Englishman, Europe's talisman in the memorable Ryder Cup victory last month when he won all four of his matches, picked up his second title in the World Golf Championships, 12th on the European and third in Asia.He carded eight birdies to overhaul a faltering Lee Westwood and Louis Oosthuizen , the joint third round leaders, before dropping a shot on the penultimate hole for a four-day total of 21-under-par 267.South African star Ernie Els and the American trio of Phil Mickelson , Jason Dufner and Scott Piercy all shared second place in Asia's richest tournament and only World Golf Championships event in the region.Unlike yesterday's round when Bhullar took only 21 putts, Bhullar struggled to hole anything on the Olazabal course at Mission Hills Golf Club, taking 32 putts.\"Today and yesterday's round wasn't that much of a difference. I had some good luck bounces yesterday but today I was pretty flat. I hit 15 greens in regulations and made some good up and downs. It was one of those easy-going rounds, fairway, greens and two putt.It would have been much better if I holed those 15, 20 footer putts,\" said Bhullar.\"I had so many opportunities from the middle of the fairway on the par fives but it wasn't enough. I was aiming for 64 but I did not even come close. That's golf. I've got to forget about everything and move on to Singapore. Hopefully I'll try to do what I did in the third round.\"He reckons the lessons of the past two weeks will put him in good stead as he chases more silverware on the Asian Tour after winning twice in the past two months in Macau and Chinese Taipei.\"A lot of things to learn ... today was a quiet day. These are the things that you can learn to move on to the next level. I have picked up a lot of patience in my game which is the reason why my game has gradually improved,\" he said.Poulter, for whom this was his first win of the year, said, \"It's been an amazing five or six weeks with the Ryder Cup and then coming here in good spirits.As well as I've played this year, it would have been a disappointment personally to have gone that year without winning, and for me and for how I played this year, it's obviously a great and fantastic feeling especially after the Ryder Cup to get my hands back on a great trophy like this.\"I knew that if I stayed patient I'd be right there at the end. It was a special day. I knew there was a good round of golf in me out there on that golf course; as we saw yesterday, if you start going low and get a number on the board then you're going to be hard to beat.World number four Westwood looked solid on the front nine with four birdies and one double bogey but his bid for a first WGC title in his 41st start unraveled with three bogeys after the turn.Two-time HSBC Champions winner Mickelson was in the thick of action throughout the day.Mickelson's hopes, however, ended when he made bogey on the par three 17th hole after a poor tee shot and chip for an eventual 68. Els, who was returning to action after an ankle injury, signed off with a 67 to challenge Poulter.\"Good week. I know where I came up short. I came up short yesterday on 15 and 16, and today on 14 a little putt I missed. I was in contention all week, so that was great,\" said the reigning Open champion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17086155", "title": "I lose more than I win in Diwali gambling: Arjun Kapoor", "text": "Arjun Kapoor speaks about Diwali over the years.Ask the new star on block Arjun Kapoor about his Diwali memories and he says, \"I think any kid in this country will remember all the delicacies that you get to eat on Diwali. My grandmother makes outstanding food at home during Diwali so that's a memory that always lingers in my mind\". We aren't surprised knowing how roly-poly Arjun Kapoor was till a few years back. \"Also, as a kid, I did burst crackers which I have stopped now, realising how much pollution it causes\".Is gambling a part of the festivities? \"Off late I did learn the value of teen paati and tried playing it. But I have realised that I am not very good at it. I tend to lose more than I win so I stay away from it\".Arjun also reveals how life has progressed through the Diwali puja. \"Earlier my grandfather used to do the puja then my father did it and last year I got to sit and do the Puja. So it feels like time is progressing. The whole family coming together for that one night and just being around each other, having random conversations, enjoying good food and looking forward to spending a positive year thereafter is what I love about the festival\".About this year's Diwali, Arjun says, \"I plan on just taking a break and meeting my friends and family because all this while I have been working. It will be a good time to catch up with everyone\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17084041", "title": "Shiva Kant Tripathi to protest closure of case against Amar", "text": "KANPUR: The complainant in the money laundering case involving former Samajwadi Party (SP) general secretary Amar Singh has decided to file a protest petition in the district court against Kanpur police's closure report which gives clean chit to the friend-turned-foe of Mulayam Singh Yadav.Shiva Kant Tripathi had filed an FIR with the Babupurwa police against Amar Singh, who is also a Rajya Sabha MP, and others on October 15, 2009. The complainant had alleged swindling of funds to the tune of Rs 500 crore belonging to 168 different companies in which Singh had big stakes. The name of Amitabh Bachchan , Amar Singh's wife Pankaja Kumari Singh, former governor T N Chaturvedi and a Noida-based industrialist Ashok Kumar Chaturvedi also figured in the 1500-annexure as directors of various companies. The Mayawati government had transferred the case to the Economic Offences Wing.However, the SP government quietly handed the case back to the Kanpur police which filed a closure report on Thursday in the court of district judge, which is the designated court for the Prevention of Corruption Act. The report gives clean chit to accused citing lack of evidence. According to sources, the file is with district judge for further order. The report has concluded: \"Ab tak ki vivechna mein abhiyuktgano ke virrudh abhiyojan ke liye Rajya Sarkar ne paryapt sakshya uplabdh nahi karaye, ataha antim akhya vivechna ko samagat karke preshit ki ja rahi hai (The state government has so far not provided evidences required to prosecute the accused in the case, as a result the closure report is being submitted).\"Tripathi told TOI on Saturday that he would file a petition opposing the closure report on Monday. He said that the police submitted the closure report in the court without taking his statement as per rules. Tripathi said: \"Circle officer Pavitra Mohan Tripathi, who is the investigating officer in the case, had invited me for a meeting at Babupurwa police station on October 31 but he never asked me to come on record in this regard, which is against the provision of the law.\"He pointed out that the state government had on October 28, 2012, directed the Economic Offences Wing to transfer the case to Kanpur's Babupurwa police station. \"It's impossible to go through 1500-page annexure in three days time and file closure report,\" he claimed.On Tripathi's complaint, the police had in October 2009 lodged an FIR under various sections of the Indian Penal Code involving cheating, forgery and criminal conspiracy. The police had then also slapped some provisions of the Money Laundering Prevention Act and the Prevention of Corruption Act related to misuse of office and taking gratification.In the FIR, the complainant had alleged that Amar Singh had floated nearly eight companies in which 168 small companies were amalgamated, allegedly with the intent of siphoning off Rs 500 crore of black money for which he misused his position as chairman of the Uttar Pradesh Development Council during 2003 and 2007.Tripathi had also alleged that Singh had depicted his property worth Rs 32 crore when he had contested the Rajya Sabha election. Later, when made chairman of the development council, Singh declared property worth Rs 500 crore.Despite repeated attempts, Circle officer, Babupurwa, Pavitra Mohan Tripathi, was not available for comments. However, sources informed that Tripathi through a notice has been asked to present his side till November 29 following the submission of closure report. DIG Amitabh Yash had admitted that the case had been given to the local police for investigation on October 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17084502", "title": "SpiceJet to pay Rs 22k to visually impaired man for delayed flight", "text": "NEW DELHI: SpiceJet has been directed by a consumer forum here to pay a compensation of Rs 22,000 to a visually-challenged man for over a four-hour delay of his flight from Kathmandu to Delhi.The South West District Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum said the Chennai-based low-cost airline had given no evidence to support its contention that the delay was due to heavy air traffic and held SpiceJet guilty of being negligent and deficient in service to Delhi resident Jaikishan Aggarwal.\"In the instant case, the opposite party (SpiceJet) took the defence that the flight was delayed due to heavy air traffic. Since no evidence has been given in support of the defence, we hold it guilty of negligence and deficiency in service,\" said the forum presided by Narendra Kumar.The bench ordered the airlines to pay Aggarwal Rs 20,000 as compensation and Rs 2,000 as litigation cost.Aggarwal had booked tickets for himself, his wife and other family members on September 9, 2010 for a Delhi-Kathmandu round trip.Accusing SpiceJet of being negligent and deficient in service, Aggarwal had told the forum that it did not provide even adequate refreshment to him and other family members during the long wait at Kathmandu airport on return trip.As the departure time of return flight was 10.45 am, they had arrived at the airport by 8 am, he said adding that they were initially informed that there would be a 15 minute delay in take-off, but the flight finally took-off at 3.24 pm.In its defence, SpiceJet had referred to the terms given in the ticket and the Carriage by Air Act to contend it was not liable for damages due to delay in the flight.It had said that Aggarwal's flight had been delayed by about four hours due to heavy air traffic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17085147", "title": "John Travolta is love of my life: Kirstie Alley", "text": "Kirstie Alley has admitted her true feelings for her 'Look Who's Talking' co-star John Travolta by saying that he is the \"greatest love of my life.\"The actress asserted that she fell for the star during filming the movie in 1989 where Travolta played her love interest.\"Believe me, it took everything that I had, inside, outside, whatever, to not run off and marry John. And be with John for the rest of my life,\" CBS News quoted her as saying in an ABC interview.Alley insisted that she didn't marry Travolta because she feels that one needs to work hard to make marriage successful.\"Because I feel like when you marry someone you're supposed to work hard at it, and you're supposed to make it work,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17082418", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcMiRNA useful in curing Asthma\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "VARANASI: MicroRNA can have a useful involvement in curing Asthma. This new perspective in respiratory Biology was discussed by Dr Balram Ghosh from New Delhi during the 46th National Conference of Indian College of Allergy, Asthma and Applied Immunology (ICAAICON-2012) organized by Institute of Medical Science, (IMS), Banaras Hindu University (BHU) at KN Udupa auditorium on Saturday.Dr Ghosh, who is carrying out research on the microRNA, also revealed that the levels of a protein called cytokine has its impact on the human body and hence its levels can control the health. \"Its effect in controlling asthma has been found successful in mice and soon researches will also be carried on human body,\" he informed.Besides, as many as 31 abstracts were presented on the second day of the conference which included topics like Immunotherapy, Allergic Broncho Pulmonary Aspergillosis, Bronchoscopy, Drug Allergic Rhinitis, Allergy-an emerging epidemic, basic trends of Ayurvedic Immunology, Prevention of Allergy-Ayurvedic Approach, and several other related topics were discussed on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17082266", "title": "Teachers to stage protest tomorrow", "text": "PUNE: Teachers' representatives from all the state universities will march from Shaniwarwada to the director of higher education's office at the central building on November 5 to highlight their longstanding demands with the state government.Some of the key issues include an early disbursal of the sixth pay commission arrears, regularisation of jobs for the non-NET/SET qualified teachers, dearness allowance at par with that given to central government employees and a concrete policy on the teachers' retirement age.Briefing reporters here on Saturday, Pune University Teachers Association president Hemlata More and secretary Arun Kumar Walunj said that the teachers have been pursuing these demands for long. But each time the matter is taken up, the state government only extends empty assurances.\"We are yet to receive the sixth pay commission arrears in full,\" said Walunj. The University Grants Commission (UGC) had given a commitment to pay 80% of the arrears, while 20% was to be disbursed by the state government in two instalments. \"We haven't received the amount committed by the UGC, nor do we know what the state government has done with its promise to pay the remaining arrears in two instalments,\" he said.The Maharashtra Federation of University and College Teachers' Organisation, which is the apex body of university teachers in the state, had taken up this issue in the past with the department of higher and technical education. Several times, it has staged agitations and strikes but, to no avail, said Walunj.Regularisation of services of the non-NET/SET qualified teachers, appointed between 1991 and 1999, is also another pending issue where the government has done little in terms of resolving the matter, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17081842", "title": "India, Canada trying to resolve end-user pact imbroglio", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ahead of Canadian PM Stephen Harper's visit to India, the two countries are still battling differences over an end-user agreement, which Canada wants not just to supply uranium to India but also monitor how it is used.The Indian side remained non-committal over whether the agreement would be signed during Harper's week-long visit, starting Sunday.Sources said that India has reservations about Canada's insistence on monitoring and ensuring that its uranium remains \"traceable\" as the government here is already committed to strict IAEA guidelines and other transparency obligations for the use of uranium. In the absence of this end-user agreement, the civil nuclear cooperation agreement signed by the two countries in 2010 is yet to take off.Canada, on its part, believes that it is not asking India to agree to any condition, which is additional to the agreement it already has with more than 40 nations. Canada had stopped supply of all nuclear material to India after the latter's first nuclear test in 1974 when it found that it had \"misused\" a reactor built with help from the Canadians to obtain weapons-grade plutonium.Harper wants to \"turn the page\" in relations with India. Canada remains one of the largest producers of uranium along with Australia and Kazakhstan . India has just started discussions with Australia too for a uranium safeguard agreement.Ahead of his departure, Harper was quoted by Canadian news agencies as expressing confidence that the two countries will see progress over the issue during his visit. The Indian side too said that the modalities of getting the cooperation operationalized are being discussed and that it will be \"very happy\" if it came through next week.\"Any cooperation that has to be done will be done within the framework of our international commitments, in particular the India-specific safeguards agreement, the bilateral India-Canada nuclear cooperation agreement, and of course Canadian law and the IAEA rules,\" said joint secretary (Americas) Vikram Doraiswamy.\"So, within these four corners which I have just spelt out, whatever we can exactly nail down, we hope to be able to do something within that,\" he added.The official said that the quality of India-Canada cooperation has significantly changed as a result of the two countries signing the civil nuclear cooperation deal and also Canada's support for the India-specific safeguard agreement at the IAEA prior to the 2010 pact.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "mhow", "code": "17081647", "title": "Patriotic fervour, euphoria mark passing out parade at MCTE", "text": "MHOW: The passing out parade of the Technical Entry Scheme (TES-20) was held at the Cadets Training Wing (CTW) parade ground on Tuesday morning. CTW is a part of the Military College of Telecommunications Engineering (MCTE) of Mhow. Army War College commandant Lt Gen P G Kamath was the chief guest and reviewed the parade. MCTE commandant Lt Gen Rajesh Pant took initial salute of the parade. MCTE deputy commandant Maj Gen Harminder Singh and a large number of officers, their wives and parents of the passing out cadets were present.The parade created great euphoria and patriotic fervor, not only amongst military personnel but also among the children and veterans of the Mhow garrison. The commands of the parade commander Captain Aman Kumar and martial tunes of Bihar Regimental Centre pipe band were delightful. Display of T-72 tanks, 105 Indian Field Guns and communication equipment displayed the country's military prowess. The canons placed on both the sides of the gate through which the marching cadets entered provided the event a spectacular look.In his address to the Gentlemen Cadets (GCs), Lt Gen Kamath congratulated the passing our cadets for successfully completing the training. He reminded them of their duties towards the nation. \"Today is an era of technology but the man behind the gun, machine and equipment is the key element in winning the wars,\" he said.He lambasted the press for terming the whole organization corrupt after one or two black sheep in the army are caught or apprehended and said that the army, as an organization is having acute integrity.Kamath presented medals to the award winners. Wing Cadet Adjutant Saurav Sharma was given the medal for being first in overall order of merit and commandant's gold medal. Pratap platoon was adjudged the champion platoon and was awarded the GOC-in-C ARTRAC banner.The programme ended with fly past by micro light planes and powered hang gliders Mountain Eagles, MCTE's flying team. When the cadets return to MCTE for completing their 4-year degree course, they will be having the ranks of lieutenants. CTW commander Col Vineet Bhatia coordinated the programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17083025", "title": "When the kisan clicks", "text": "Padharo sa (welcome),\" says Pooja Chaudhary with a smile. Sitting behind a laptop with her ghunghat (veil) pulled firmly over her head, she makes for a striking picture in the small gram panchayat at Kanpura, a village almost 25 km from Ajmer in Rajasthan. Kanpura is one of the ten villages in Ajmer district where the panchayats have been on the net for the past few years. This has helped villagers track real-time mandi prices , get good rates for their produce and see their land records online. It has also helped people like Pooja get jobs. A Class XII pass-out , Pooja applied online for a job as a village worker. A few weeks later, she got her first posting which was coincidentally , at the panchayat office itself. \"Internet se kai gao walon ke liye naye darwaze khule hain (Internet has opened new doors for many villagers )\", says Jagdish Bhairwa, sarpanch of Kanpura.A few farmers who are hunched around a laptop at the panchayat office nod in agreement. The biggest advantage, says Suresh Parikh, a farmer wearing an oversized red turban and peering at the 'magic box' in front of him, is that they are not dependent on the mandi agents to get the day's prices. A click of a mouse and they can decide whether to take their produce to the mandi or wait for better rates. In addition, says Bhairwa, children are able to see their exam results online. The panchayat is also starting classes to get more villagers acquainted with the internet, he adds.The village, incidentally, caught the eye of US president Barack Obama , who, in his visit to India in November, 2010, spoke with the villagers via teleconferencing. \"It was a big high speaking to the president ,\" says Shiv Shankar Singh, a gram sevak at the village. \"He greeted us with a 'Namaste' and told us that our village could become a model for other villages.\"Almost two years after Obama's visit, the Kanpura model is being slowly replicated. In a few weeks' time, almost 55 gram panchayats would get connected to broadband as part of an ambitious project that aims to get the country's roughly 2.5 lakh gram panchayats on the net within 18-24 months. Sam Pitroda, credited with spearheading the telecom revolution in the country in the 1980s, is driving this 'web to village' initiative in his role as adviser to the Prime Minister on public information infrastructure and innovations. Sitting in his office at Yojana Bhawan in New Delhi with a team of young professionals, Pitroda is a man in a hurry to put in place what he terms \"a revolution to democratize information that has never been attempted on such a scale anywhere in the world.\"The project which is pegged at an estimated cost of Rs 30,000 crore is expected to empower villagers by providing streaming connectivity which can be utilized to access, in multiple phases, government services , education and health related information as well as platforms for value-based activities like locationbased services, payment processing , material procurement etc.Pitroda says the timing is right for India's villages to tap into the power of internet. \"Already, we are a nation of a billion mobile phones, which means there is almost a million km of optical fibre that has been laid out to ensure connectivity. A large part of it is underutilized. We are tapping into it and adding on to it to take broadband to the panchayats. Also, our thrust is on tablets and smartphones which is the way internet is going to be accessed in the future,\" he says.That mobiles have a big role to play in rural internet is already being borne out. According to a report by the Internet and Mobile Association of India (IMAI) and IMRB, an increasing number of Indian villagers are comfortable using their cellphones to browse the net. Tarun Abhichandani of IMRB, who was the lead researcher of the report, says that at least 12% of the rural internet users access the web on their mobiles. \"As of June this year, there were 3.6 million rural mobile internet users \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a number that has grown 7.2 times in the past 2 years.\"Interestingly, the report also says that many villagers use the net primarily for entertainment like downloading songs, videos and photos . \"That's not surprising,\" says Rekha Jain, professor, computers and information systems group at IIM Ahmedabad.\" Most of the content on the internet is available only in English which is not the first or even the second language of most of the villagers in India. The audiovisual route, therefore, is an effective means by which marketers can reach out to rural web audiences.\"Pitroda says that the opportunities would be immense for everyone once high-speed broadband starts rolling out in more and more villages . \"Tomorrow, some smart guy in a village may devise applications for his people that we can't even think about today. Our job is to lay out a road that is robust enough. Once it's done, I'm sure there are many exciting journeys that lie ahead for India's villages.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "chennai/mangalore", "code": "17082620", "title": "Operation Salvage Pratibha starts today", "text": "CHENNAI/MANGALORE: Shipping experts will launch operations on Sunday to salvage MT Pratibha Cauvery which has been drifting in the shallow waters off the Chennai coast since Wednesday.The director-general of shipping has ordered Malaviya, a high-powered tug vessel with a capacity of 100 tonnes of bollard pull to move from Kakinada to Chennai to begin the salvage exercise. It is expected to reach Chennai on Sunday evening.Malaviya will be joined by SCI Ratna, another emergency towing vessel, which is expected to reach Chennai on Wednesday evening or Thursday morning. \"SCI Ratna from Mumbai has reached Kochi and will move to Chennai,\" said M M Saggi, nautical advisor to the Union government.A senior official of the Chennai Port Trust said Malaviya will start operations without waiting for SCI Ratna. \"The first exercise would be to lighten the ship and remove water, if any, so as to make the vessel float easily. The prime concern is to restore the engine,\" he said. A six member team from SMIT Salvage, a Dutch Maritime Services Company, has begun initial investigations, and ruled out using tugs in Chennai and Ennore ports, which are of 35-tonne and 45-tonne capacity, sources said.An inquiry has begun on the seaworthiness of the vessel, amid allegations that officials were lenient in letting the over-aged vessel into the port. Meanwhile, the National Shipping Board has taken note of the beaching of MT Prathibha Cauvery and decided to recommend to the Union government to station one more emergency towing vessel at Chennai. \"The stationing of one more vessel along the east coast will help mitigate such circumstances,\" Saggi said.The vessel with 37-crew on board was at Chennai anchorage when it started drifting hours before Cyclone Nilam made its landfall in Mamallapuram, 50km south of Chennai, in the evening of Wednesday. Saggi said the Indian Coast Guard, despite being in readiness, could not launch rescue operations due to adverse weather conditions.Fearing that the vessel would capsize, Captain Carl Fernandes, decided to evacuate the crew and the first batch of 22 sailors were put on a life boat. The life boat capsized, drowning five of the sailors. Another sailor was brought dead to the shore by fishermen.The principal office of the mercantile maritime department, Chennai has been directed to hold an inquiry into the incident and submit a report, Gautam Chatterjee, director-general of shipping said. The master of the vessel did make repeated requests for help, but the Indian Coast Guard, Indian Navy and other authorities were helpless due to the weather, he said. The presence of an emergency towing vessel could have mitigated such a tragedy, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17082189", "title": "Madurai not favoured by the rain gods", "text": "MADURAI: After cloudy days and moist weather for weeks, Madurai had a sunny day on Monday. But there is little reason to rejoice, as the city has received the least rainfall this season so far in Tamil Nadu.In fact the rainfall in October was lesser than the average rainfall the district used to receive during the period every year. As against the normal rainfall of 206.2 mm rainfall, data with the regional meteorological centre in Chennai says Madurai district received only 182.3 mm rainfall in October. It was a 12 per cent negative departure from the normal rainfall due for the district.While coastal Karaikal received the maximum rainfall of 774.9 mm against the normal 275 mm, recording a increase of 181 per cent, the delta district of Tiruvarur followed next with high rainfall of 531 mm. Among the southern districts, Tirunelveli was the one to register the highest rainfall of 302 mm, an excess of 92 per cent from its normal rainfall level. While coastal Kanyakumari received its normal level of 226 mm, other southern districts like Theni, Dindigul, Sivaganga and Ramanthapuram districts received a marginally higher rainfall than the previous years.\"I think we cannot offer a scientific explanation for the poor rainfall level in Madurai. It is part of the natural phenomenon. Weather experts could study it and come up with a better explanation. But what I would like to stress is that more trees should be planted and overall green cover should be increased,\" said K Vairavan, dean, Agricultural College and Research Institute, TNAU, Madurai.On the 17th and 18th of October, there was heavy rain in Madurai. Again, in the last week of October, there were sporadic showers in the district. But for these rains, the district received little rainfall, even as several parts of the state including Chennai were under a thick sheet of water on many days of the month.Farmers said many irrigation tanks in the district were not even half full, thanks to the poor rains. \"If at all there is any reason to cheer, it is that the rains would have replenished the groundwater table,\" said a farmer from Melur.In fact, the rainfall received by Madurai in October was the lowest in the past six years, barring 2009 when just 26 mm of rainfall was recorded. In 2011, the highest of 323 mm was received by the district. Farmers hope the shortfall is met in November.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17087897", "title": "Psycho Samba inspires a movie", "text": "Do you remember Psycho Samba who is yet to be caught by police and who gave them a surprising slip after getting caught? Our Tollywood wants to cash on the name and here is a another silly attempt.Reports have that a title is registered with AP Film Chamber under the name 'Psycho Samba'. While the content of this upcoming movie is speculated to be the killer's story, cine observers say that the title itself is disturbing. Firstly, there is no need to give unnecessary publicity to that dreaded killer who is wanted in more than 100 cases. Secondly, Film Chamber should have some morals before issuing such brainless titles as film names. Maybe makers want to stir a controversy and cash on that theme, but authorities should not even entertain such pleas, says a critic.If this titled is allowed, then someone wants to make movies like 'Warangal lo acid attack', 'Vijayawada Srilakshmi' and 'Pratyusha Chachipoinda?' Will our Chamber say okay for them?Source: www.gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17083058", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcNothing wrong with a little hype if it sells books\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "The Mussoorie Writers festival that began on Friday concludes today. Stephen Alter, founding director of the festival, tells Archana Khare Ghose why authors, too, deserve a little fanfare once in a while.The Mussoorie Writers festival has not yet metamorphosed into a carnival that the Jaipur Literature Festival has become. Has that been a conscious attempt?I've never been to the Jaipur Festival, so it's difficult for me to make comparisons , but we focus on smaller audiences, mostly students from Woodstock and other schools in Mussoorie . We also like to create an ongoing conversation between our authors and try not to let celebrity interfere with this kind of literary dialogue.Do you think a literary festival needs its share of hype and controversy to help sustain the economics of publishing world?There's nothing wrong with a little hype and controversy if it sells books. Authors spend most of their time alone, staring at a piece of paper or a keyboard . If they get some fanfare once in a while, they deserve it; and if it brings in royalties, what's the harm? Of course, at the end of the day, it's more important for an author to write books rather than sign autographs.The country now has quite a few literature festivals though not all of them are of the scale of a carnival. Do you think India has a growing appetite for literary gatherings or is it just an ephemeral bubble? Where do you position Mussoorie Writers in the lit-fest map of India?It's good for books and writers to have festivals coming up outside the orbit of big cities in India. Mussoorie Writers doesn't have any particularly grand ambitions. We want to remain focused on our community, celebrating Mussoorie's literary heritage and bringing good writing to the hills.Could you talk about the sponsor-model for your festival?We are fortunate in having support from Woodstock School and Winterline Foundation, our two primary sponsors. This year we partnered with others like WWF-India , the Himalayan Environment Trust, Cultural Section of the Italian Embassy, Wilderness Films India Ltd., to bring specific authors to Mussoorie . Sponsorship is essential for writing festivals but it can't be the same as with F1 racing. A more subtle, supportive presence is required.Do you think your festival could embrace the literary heritage of the entire stretch of the Himalayas, from west to east?Certainly, our focus is the Himalaya and Uttarakhand, but we bring participants from all over the world, as well as from different parts of India. One of our speakers this year talked about wildlife in Arunachal Pradesh. We also had the Tetseo Sisters coming from Nagaland. But, at the same time, we don't worry too much about representing everyone because that's impossible.Uttarakhand has a rich legacy of writing in Hindi as well. Does your festival make conscious attempt to incorporate their works as well in the schedule?We have celebrated a number of poets and writers from Uttarakhand and will continue to do so, whether they write in Garhwali, Hindi or English. Most of our audience is English-speaking , which is why most of the presentations are in English, but we don't hesitate to include sessions in Hindi, or other languages.The programme for the festival was a mix of literature, poetry, music as well as exhibitions and films. Is there something from the list that you were most excited about including?We were delighted that Loveraj Singh Dharmshaktu , one of Uttarakhand's foremost mountaineers , who recently climbed the Everest for the fourth time, agreed to be our chief guest. We had difficulty confirming his participation because he was climbing Gangotri I in early October and only just returned from the high Himalayas. We were also pleased to have an international group of mountaineers and authors from Australia, Italy, US and UK. It was wonderful to bring them all together in Mussoorie.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "lalhli, rohtak", "code": "17081370", "title": "A day of comebacks in Lahli", "text": "LALHLI, ROHTAK: The Ranji Trophy Group 'B' game between Vidarbha and Haryana here is turning out to be a tale of comebacks.First, the Haryana bowlers produced a much-improved performance to bowl Vidarbha out for 205 in their first innings, although not before conceding a 150-run lead. Then, their opening duo of Rahul Dewan (31; 96b, 5x4) and Nitin Saini (46; 93b, 7x4) presented a brave face against some spirited Vidarbha bowling, putting up an 80-run opening stand.Finally, it was Vidarbha's turn to shine. After a luckless three hours in which the edges kept flowing through the third man region, Umesh Yadav again showed his wicket-taking ability, picking up the well-set Dewan and Haryana's prolific Sunny Singh in his last spell to turn the tide again in Vidarbha's favour.Haryana still trail by 47 runs, ending Day 2 at 107-3 in their second innings here at Bansilal stadium in Lahli. They are still not out of jail and their inexperienced middle order will be tested on Sunday morning.In helpful early-morning conditions, the Haryana bowlers not only needed to keep it tight but also bag some quick wickets. The trio of Mohit Sharma, Chandrapal Saini and Kuldeep Hooda did exactly what their Vidarbha counterparts had done on Friday.Discipline was the buzzword as they kept probing the Vidarbha batsmen. Their length was better and with the ball swinging and seaming, it was a different ball game for Vidarbha. Shiv Sundar Das, Shalabh Shrivastava and Ranjit Paradkar went back in the space of 17 balls. Apoorv Wankhede batted with flare on his debut and looked very much at home before trying to be cute, guiding a delivery straight to gully while trying to guide Vashisht through the vacant third-man region.It was then left to skipper Sairaj Bahutule, who yet again showed his bat prowess, adding 44 with allrounder Shreekant Wagh (44; 64b, 6x4). Wagh played some glorious drives and cut shots. A dreadful mix-up between the duo saw the downfall of Bahutule.The wicket eased out considerably in the post-lunch session and the bowlers weren't getting the same movement as compared to first hour. Considering how Bahutule did with the bat last season, his run out was a big setback for Vidarbha.The 39-year-old was not only moving well at the crease but also keeping Wagh calm in pressure situation. Wagh, however, continued positively in the company of Umesh Yadav. The ninth-wicket pair added 33 in quick time as Vidarbha managed to cross the 200-run mark.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17086678", "title": "Cyclone Nilam disrupts train services to south India", "text": "KOLKATA: Train services from Howrah to the southern parts of the country were severely disrupted on Sunday due to the inundation of tracks between the Tuni and Golapur stations in the Vijaywada - Visakhapatnam section of South Central Railway since 2 am.A large number of trains from Howrah were diverted while those from stations in south India remained stuck at stations near Vijaywada. The inundation was due to floods that occurred in the aftermath of Cyclone Nilam, South Eastern Railway officials in Kolkata said.\"The 12703 Howrah-Secundrabad Falaknuma Express, 12245 Howrah-Yesvantpur Duronto Express, 18645 Howrah-Hyderabad East Coast Express, 12841 Howrah-Chennai Coromodal Express and the 0841 Santragachi - Chennai Special have been diverted via Kharagpur-Tatanagar-Jharsuguda-Bilaspur-Nagpur-Ballarsha instead of Kharagpur-Bhadrak-Visakhapatnam,\" an SER official said.A number of Up and Down trains have also been controlled at different stations in the Vijaywada Division of South Central Railway due to the floods, the official added. Many of these trains are likely to be delayed by several hours, officials said, causing inconvenience to passengers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17082352", "title": "Price fall and festivals push gold sales", "text": "LUDHIANA: Jewellers in the city are making the most of the fall in price of gold at a time when the festive season is under way and lots of residents are walking in to buy pure gold and jewellery. With Pushya Nakshatra too round the corner, residents are going in for gold purchases, as it is considered auspicious.\"Within three days the prices of gold have fallen from Rs 31,900 per 10 gram to Rs 30,700. People have started buying the yellow metal, it being the festive season. City residents are really keen on buying pure gold as its price always appreciates, while there is a lot of depreciation in gold jewellery,\" pointed out Gopal Bhandari, district secretary, Punjab Swarnkar Sangh.Vishal Dhanda, owner of a jewellery showroom in Ghumar Mandi said, \"There is a rush of people both for pure gold and gold jewellery these days as the price of gold has dropped from Rs 32,800 per ten gram to Rs 30,700 in the last three weeks.\" He said that people are buying ornaments because of the wedding season, while pure gold is being bought primarily by those who want to invest in gold or want to buy it for use in weddings in the family in the future as prices of gold have been escalating for quite some time now.Anand Sikri, president of Ludhiana Jewellers Association said, \"The fall in price of gold is a little correction as of now but it can escalate again. So we are just hoping to make the most of the correction and it is the same with residents who would want to buy for the festive season and also for weddings. The price keeps fluctuating and so we are keeping our fingers crossed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17081596", "title": "Reclamation of agricultural land to be a tough task", "text": "COIMBATORE: The reclamation of agriculture land which was became uncultivable after oil reportedly leaked out from a breach in the underground pipeline supplying crude oil to Oil and Natural Gas Corporation's refinery in Karaikal, will prove to be a tough challenge.The oil mixed with rain water has inundated agriculture field spread over at least 15 acres in Anaimangalam village of Nagapattinam district. Experts claimed that the only options available for reclaiming the land was either physically remove the soil surface depending on the extent of the damage or opting for bio-remediation method, where microorganisms are introduced into the soil to degrade and breakdown the harmful chemicals in the crude oil prior to rejuvenation of the soil using organic manure treatment and proper irrigation.\"Depending on the soil condition microorganisms could be introduced into the soil to degrade the harmful effect of the oil spill. These microorganisms will breakdown the harmful components of the petrochemicals and the soil could be rejuvenated using organic manure treatment,\" said DR G Rajannan, professor, department of environmental sciences, Tamil Nadu Agriculture University.The experts at the university claimed the hydroxyl and carbon components in the crude oil could seep into the soil and wreak havoc in the natural nutrient recycling process essential for plant growth. The supply of nitrogen components and other nutrients essential for cultivation could be permanently hampered due to the presence of the toxic materials from the oil spill.\"One of the prominent method bio-remediation is by introducing the suitable variant of microorganisms which could be ascertained after conducting analysis of soil samples collected from the affected area,\" said Dr S Mahimairaja, professor, department of environmental sciences, TNAU, who is also involved in extensive research about chemical toxic pollutants and its after effects on agriculture land.A popular method of bio-remediation is by introducing pseudomonasvariety of micorganisms which could be sprayed on the affected land by mixing it in water. The microorganisms are expected to breakdown the complex molecules of crude oil and its harmful affects in a natural manner facilitating the rejuvenation of the land.\"The extent and local condition of the soil is very important for this procedure. So far it has not been tried out in the state. But it has been proven to be an effective method in dealing with crude oil pollution,\" Rajannan added.Meanwhile the district administration and ONGC officials opted to downplay the incident and claimed that they were assessing the extent of damage.The gravity of the matter could be ascertained from the fact that the ONGC and the district administration has deputed a special team of officials to assess and fix the compensation to the agriculturists in the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17086661", "title": "Want to lose weight? Eat frozen food", "text": "Eating low-calorie frozen foods can help you stay slim and fit, according to a Loyola University physician.Low-calorie frozen meals provide convenience, structure and calorie control, which leads to better adherence and weight loss , according to Jessica Bartfield, MD, internal medicine who specializes in nutrition and weight management at Loyola University Health System.\"Save time, save money, boost nutrition and control portions by eating low-calorie, frozen foods,\" advises Bartfield.To safely lose weight, Bartfield recommends that most people will need to consume a low-calorie diet, anywhere from 1,000 to 1,800 calories per day, depending on certain factors such as weight, age, height and gender.Most frozen meals provide 200 to 350 calories per meal, which fits within that range along with one to two healthy snacks per day, she said.\"For people with higher calorie needs, they can add fruits or vegetables to the meal or even a small serving of protein to hit the calorie target,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17081837", "title": "KLR Act amendment could grave situation for result fragment of estatesplantation sector", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The recent amendment of the Kerala Land Reforms Act 1963 has several loose ends that could result in large-scale conversion of plantations as well as fragmentation of estates. The amendment has been brought in to ensure that five per cent of land in all plantations can be used for other purposes.In Section 81 of the KLR Act, the government had introduced a clause - that 5% of the estate can be used for non-plantation purposes including tourism purposes like building resorts. \"A person holding plantation or land may use not exceeding 5% of the extent of such holding for floriculture, cultivation of vanilla or medicinal plants, other agricultural crops, establishing hotels/resorts or other tourism projects,\" states the new clause.Sources familiar with the subject say that the provision for this diversion can be easily misused by the plantation houses. \"For example if a person holds 100 acres, he can divert five acres for non-plantation activity at the first instance. If he sells 50 acres out of it to another person, he too can convert 5%, ie 2.50 acres, for other purposes. Similarly, if he sells 20 acres to a third person, then he can convert one acre for non-plantation activity. So altogether the total conversion would be 8.50 acres instead of five acres,\" said a source.Also, the amendment remains silent about what would happen if a person converts the permitted area of the plantation for building a resort and then transfer its ownership to another person. \"He can convert 5% for similar purposes which ultimately will lead to complete fragmentation. Such an open-ended provision is disastrous for the fragile ecosystems as most plantations are located in the Western Ghats,\" the source said.Revenue sources added that this would make a great change as far as major land holders are concerned. \"For big plantation houses like Harrisons Malayalam Limited and Kanan Devan Hill Plantations, even 5% means close to 3,000 acres and 2,800 acres can be diverted for non-plantation activity.\" This would also curtail the job opportunity for thousands of labourers in these establishments as Plantation Labor Act 1951 says that services of 15 labourers are required for 15 acres. \"This is nothing but giving an undue benefit to the planters who were once spared from the ceiling provisions, citing the sentiments for the labourers,\" sources said.The recent amendment of the Kerala Land Reforms Act 1963 has several loose ends that would result in large scale conversion of plantations as well as fragmentation of estates. The amendment has been brought in to ensure that 5% of land in all plantations could be used for other purposes.In section 81 of the KLR Act, the government had introduced a clause that five percentage of the estate can be used for non-plantation purposes including tourism purposes like building resorts.\"A person holding plantation or lands may use not exceeding five percentage of the extent of such holding for floriculture, or for the cultivation of vanilla or medicinal plants or other agricultural crops or for establishing hotels or resorts or other tourism projects,\" says the new insertion in the Act.Sources familiar with the subject said that the provision for this diversion can be easily misused by the plantation houses. \"For example if a person holds 100 acres of land he can divert five acres for non-plantation activity at the first instance. If he sells 50 acres out of it to another person, he too can convert 5 % from the 50 acres ie 2.50 acres for other purposes. Similarly, if he sells 20 acres to a third person, then he can convert one acre for non-plantation activity. So altogether the total conversion would be 8.50 acres in place of original 5.00 acres,\" sources said.Also, the amendment remains silent about what would happen if a person converts the permitted area of the plantation for building a resort and then transferring the ownership of the resort to another person. \"He can convert five percent of the land again for similar purposes which ultimately will lead to complete fragmentation. Such an open-ended provision is disastrous for the fragile ecosystems as most of the plantations are located in the Western Ghats,\" sources said.Revenue sources said that this would make a great change as far as major land holders are concerned. \"For big plantation houses like Harrisons Malayalam Limited and Kanan Devan Hill Plantations, even five percentage means close to 3, 000 acres and 2, 800 acres respectively can be diverted for non-plantation activity,\" sources said.This would also curtail the job opportunity for thousands of labourers in these establishments as Plantation Labor Act 1951 says that services of 15 labourers are required for 15 acres. \"This is nothing but giving an undue benefit to the planters who were once spared from the ceiling provisions, citing the sentiments for the labourers,\" sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17083385", "title": "American students here vote by fax too", "text": "BANGALORE: While Elizabeth Pyars, a student at Christ College under the University Studies Abroad Consortium (USAC) programme , is busy in class, her university back home in Sonoma Valley , California, has ensured she votes in the presidential election . The university has created a website for its students who cannot go to polling stations.\"The website is for absentee voters - all we need to do is login, give our details and vote,\" says Elizabeth. So, who is her choice for president? \"We don't have much to choose; the choice is obvious . There is too much at stake to make changes at this point of time,\" says Elizabeth, who will vote in a day or two.While her university has come to her rescue, those from other colleges have plenty of options. Hannah Nielsen, also from California , plans to fax her vote. \"Whatever method we choose, the process is cumbersome,\" says Hannah, who started the procedure in August. \"It takes time to get permission. But once it's done, we're sure secrecy is maintained,\" says Hannah.While most have already voted, some are apprehensive about their votes being counted . \"I voted through email . It's the first time I won't be present at polling booth. I've heard they take into account absentees ' votes only when it's too close to call. I hope my vote will be counted,\" says Kindra Ywiatt, another USAC student.Sandy's impactMarley Grenafege, American student at Christ University under USAC, is finding it difficult to concentrate in the classroom. Hurricane Sandy has wreaked havoc on Maine Island and her grandparents ' apartment too. \"I have no idea where they are - there's no power and I don't know how to contact them. People there are flocking to parts which haven't been affected,\" says Marley.Shelby Saucir's friends and family are from New York City. \"There's been no power for many days. Most of my friends' and relatives ' houses and all their possessions are gone. The subway is ruined. My uncle's apartment is under water. The impact will be over the long term,\" says Saucir.All for ObamaWhether it is about legalizing abortion or authorizing gay marriage, Barack Obama seems to be the unanimous choice. They say Obama's social policies are unmatched. Asked about changes they'd like to see in the US, healthcare topped the list. \"We spent a lot of money on war. This should not be the focus anymore . The US has to catch up with countries like India and China in social welfare,\" says Elizabeth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17082188", "title": "Meters may be recalibrated to show actual fare", "text": "KOLKATA: In Kolkata, what you see is not what you pay. The complicated equation to convert the taxi meter reading into actual fare has become more taxing with the new fare hike.Ever since the fare revision on Thursday, there have been allegations of cabbies overcharging passengers. It is particularly baffling for an outsider who does not know anything about the calculation. They often end up getting fleeced and Kolkata gets a bad name.Transport secretary B P Gopalika said that the calculation is simple. \"Multiply the meter-reading with 2.4 and add Rs 1 in case of meters that start with Rs 10,\" he said. Gopalika has done the calculation and devised a chart that will be circulated among cabbies from Friday.But the question is why does a passenger in Kolkata need to take all the trouble? Why cannot the digital meters be simple re-calibrated so that it can reflect the exact fare? This is what all other metro cities do. It's all the more crucial for Kolkata where a government inspection found that 70% of taxi meters are tampered with.Unfortunately, Kolkata refused to get out of the mould of manual-meter era. Even a few years ago, people had to multiply the reading with three and deduct Rs 1 to get the exact fare. The tradition has survived decades of change and even a full-scale digitization, leaving passengers vulnerable to being fleeced. Before this revision, you had to double the meter reading and add Rs 2 to know what you had to pay.When asked why the government does not enforce a re-calibration of the meter with every fare revision, the transport secretary said he could not explain what happened with his predecessors. \"But I am speaking with the vendors so that recalibration can be done to reflect the exact fare. It won't happen overnight. We have to have government empanelled vendors who can reprogramme the software. Otherwise, there will be allegations of manipulated meters,\" he said.\"But this is a very flimsy logic for not recalibrating the meters. The recalibration is also a kind of check on the meters that are often found manipulated,\" said Arunabha Sinha, an automobile engineer associated with a meter manufacturing agency.When the printer was introduced, the meter was calibrated so that the printer gives the exact fare, but the meter reading was not changed. Cabbies are worried about the cost. \"For this simple change (printers), I had to shell out Rs 7,000,\" said a taxi-owner. The transport department officers admitted that this was sheer extortion as such recalibration does not cost more than a few hundred rupees.\"Who will pay the price for recalibration? We are already hard-pressed after the fuel price rise. It will be very difficult for us,\" said Bimal Guha, secretary of Bengal Taxi Association. \"What's more, a cabby needs to queue up before a vendor for the recalibration. This means of a loss of man-day for the cabby,\" he added.But all these are weak defenses against recalibration of the taxi meters, say industry sources. The recalibration will not only reflect the exact fare but also bring some transparency in the trade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "dibrugarh", "code": "17082647", "title": "Assam Medical College celebrates 66th foundation day", "text": "DIBRUGARH: The premier medical college of northeast, Assam Medical College (AMC) here observed its 66th foundation day on Saturday. Established in November 3, 1947, the Assam Medical College was earlier known as Dr John Berry White Medical School, which was established in 1902. John Berry White, a British surgeon, was a great visionary and the pioneer of modern medical education in Assam.The foundation day programme kicked off with hoisting of flag by AMC principal Atindra Adhikari. An open session was held at the auditorium followed by a cultural event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17080914", "title": "Search engine in a spot over sex-selection ads", "text": "MUMBAI: Popular search engine Google may be in for some trouble for continuing to display advertisement links of clinics offering gender selection of unborn children. Pro-girl child groups in India have written to the company, asking it to remove these links within a fortnight or face legal action.On Saturday evening when TOI searched Google for \"gender selection India\", the first three links that came up were paid ads by in-vitro fertilization (IVF) clinics offering kits to parents so that the gender of their baby can be selected before they conceive. With headings like \"Good news! Now you can choose!\" and \"You can now balance your family\", these foreign websites offer \"high success rates\" in choosing the gender of the unborn child.On Friday, the Forum Against Sex Selection (FASS), a network of NGOs, activists, lawyers and teachers, wrote to Google about these ads and demanded their immediate removal.A skewed sex ratio and crimes against the girl child have been dogging India. The recent census revealed that there were only 914 girls per every 1,000 boys in the country. Maharashtra, especially Mumbai, fared even worse with 883 girls per 1,000 boys.Kamayani Bali Mahabal, an advocate who wrote the letter, said though the ads are of clinics in Dubai and the US, they should not be accessible to netizens in India. \"According to a 2008 high court ruling, clinics offering sex selection and sex determination of an unborn child are not allowed anywhere, even on the internet. In 2008, Google was told to remove links of such ads and it had done so then, but the ads are back again. There needs to be constant monitoring on part of the search engine,\" she said.Activists said such advertisements give ideas to people about travelling abroad to access technology banned in India. The FASS has also marked a copy of the letter to the cyber crime cell and the pre-conception pre-natal diagnostic techniques cell in Delhi. \"We will wait for 15 days for Google's response. If that does not happen, we'll file a case,\" said Mahabal.Google, however, denied receiving any such letter from the forum. \"The Google advertising program is managed by a set of policies which we develop based on several factors, including legal requirements and user experience. In India, we do not allow ads for the promotion of pre-natal gender determination or preconception sex selection. We take applicable legal requirements extremely seriously and take prompt and effective action in case a violation is reported to us,\" a spokesperson from Google's office in Hyderabad said, adding that the ads would be removed if there is a complaint.On Saturday, one of the links, which was visible on Friday when TOI contacted Google, did not show up on the search engine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "on bihar-jharkhand borders", "code": "17082495", "title": "'RJD men targeted as political agenda spurs anti-Maoist ops'", "text": "On Bihar-Jharkhand borders: Case-1: Kamlesh Yadav of Akauni village in Palamu is accused of blowing up a school building in Harihargunj on December 24, 2010. He is a close aide of RJD MLA from Hussainabad Sanjay Singh Yadav and says that on the day of the incident, he was with the MLA in a programme and was falsely implicated. \"I was with the officer-in-charge of Harihargunj police station during the Republic day celebrations of 2011 and was not an accused at that time. Police included my name later because I am a RJD supporter,\" he said.Case-2: Rambilas Sahu of Arvi village under Dumaria police station of Gaya district was arrested along with 59 family members who arrived to participate in his mother's last rites. After allegedly being tortured by police, cases were lodged against six of them and rest were released over a period of three-four days. During this incident, Preeti Gupta wife of Srawan Kumar (nephew of Rambilas Sahu) was arrested as she happened to be the the wife of the zonal commander of the CPI Maoist.Case-3: Nagina Yadav of village Mahulania under Dumaria PS of Gaya district has been accused of forcibly closing Maigra bazaar during a call for bandh by Maoists. He claims that he was in his village during the time of the incident and was punished for being an RJD supporter.Case-4: Foolchand Bhuinya and Awdhesh Bhuinya of Kenuatanr village were killed in a firing which villagers claim to have been opened by policemen. Mahadalit Commission in Bihar probed in to the matter and found discrepancies in cases filed against these two after their killing. Local leader of RJD Roshan Bhuinya who contested and lost the 2010 assembly elections against Uday narayan Choudhary claims that these two villagers hail from the region where RJD has a strong hold.District council president Laddu Khan, who is also accused in cases related to Maoist activities, says RJD workers and leaders are being targeted by JD(U) leader Uday Narayan Choudhary. \"He won by a narrow margin and wants the RJD to be suppressed by unlawful use of police machinery,\" he said.Equipped with a long list of cases in which RJD workers and leaders have been booked by the Bihar police, spokesperson for the Madhya Zonal committee of the Maoists, Paramjeet, denied links with the RJD. \"We are against 'vote-baaj' (vote-seeking) political parties and there is no question of supporting any one or the other party,\" he said. Threatening Choudhary of dire consequences for using government machinery to implicate innocent villagers, Paramjeet cited examples in which the Maoists have targeted RJD leaders for their misdeeds.\"Had we been supporters of RJD, we would not have held RJD leader Nehaluddin captive or would have set fire to the RJD office of Bindi Yadav in Gurua block of Gaya district,\" he said Nayyar Hasnain Khan, inspector general of the Magadh Range of Bihar Police conceded that after receiving complaints from the villagers over the past couple of months he went for a personal review of the cases and found at least four to five of them being false. \"During the course of the review, I was convinced that certain sections of UAPA or 17 Criminal Law Amendment Act were not proper to be clamped in some of them and in some of the cases there was lack of evidence,\" he said. When asked if this was motivated by political vendetta, Khan refused to comment and agreed that certain local issues obviously play behind lodging of such cases. \"We have given directions to the lower rung police officials to be more sensitive in dealing with the cases in Maoist- affected zones so that the Maoists do not get a chance to perpetrate their anti-police and anti-government agenda,\" he said.JD (U) which has carved a niche in Bihar is also not willing to invite embarrassment on part of some of its leaders. State president Bihar JD (U) Vashishtha Narayan Singh said, \"We are busy with the rally preparations but once our leaders are free we have to look into the complaints of the villagers from our district unit,\" he said.This is the third part of a 4-part series on Maoist insurgency along the Bihar-Jharkhand border and how it affects the people living in these regions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17081974", "title": "Despite HC orders, chemicals still thrown into Bandi river", "text": "JAIPUR: River Bandi in Pali is no longer a river. Nor is the Bandi Nehra Dam a water reservoir. Despite Rajasthan high court's repeated order that no untreated water shall be released into the river, the two remain as reservoirs of chemical effluents thrown out from the textile units. The high court orders in 2004 and 2008 had clearly stated that no untreated water shall be released into the river.The court on Thursday once again pulled up the state government for playing with citizens' health by not keeping water bodies free of pollution. In fact, the ecological health of river Bandi and Bandi Nehra Dam is a cause of concern for the villagers living around the river.\"For years we have been chasing the administration and politicians to take notice. Thousands of bigha of land have been rendered infertile due to pollution. There are no birds in the area and people are suffering with skin diseases due to water pollution. If nothing is done we are planning an agitation immediately after Diwali,\" said Mahaveer Singh, general secretary, Sri Kisan Paryavaran Sangharsh Samiti.Water tests done by the administration show total dissolved solids (TDS) touching 7,000-8,000 mg per litre, rendering it unfit for consumption. The TDS limit for human consumption is 1500mg/l. Effluents from Pali flow nearly 55km downstream, making the groundwater in several riverbank villages unfit for drinking or irrigation.\"We have been waging this battle for the past eight years. The river has turned into a chemical-laden 'nullah' and despite good rain in the state, this river has not got any water. Despite the HC order, there are nearly 600 units functioning in Pali but only 16 have the approval of the state pollution control board. Instead of the permissible 36 (million litres per day) MLD, the industry is discharging over 50 MLD of untreated effluents in to the river,\" said Singh. Effluent treatment plant number 3 and 4 are shut and all the untreated water is being released into the river.Besides, some time back on July 12, 2012 the Rajasthan State Pollution Control Board had instructed closure of all units running without consent to operate. Recently, nearly 150 were sealed for fixing additional machinery to increase production capacity. And even today, the textiles industry, despite submitting an affidavit to the RSPCB and taking an undertaking that no effluents shall be released in the river, are still releasing untreated water in to the river.The high court had ordered installation of flow meters in April 2008 to check industrial effluents from entering Bandi river but none are working and no one monitors them. The court also ordered that the industrial units which are discharging the industrial pollutant on land or/and river shall be closed forthwith. But so far, the trend is that they shut only to re-open again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17081660", "title": "It's not winter, stupid!", "text": "PATNA: The nip in the air has nothing to do with the early arrival of winter. City's meteorological department claims the sudden fall in temperature and cloudy weather for last two days is just an aftereffect of the Nilam cyclone that lashed the shores in southern India earlier this week.\"It was because of the residual effect of the cyclone in south India that parts of West Bengal , Odisha and Jharkhand had rainfall on Friday and the cloudy weather in the state is also the result of the cyclone,\" said Patna meteorological centre director A K Sen. \"This cyclonic effect will soon get over and the onset of winter is expected only after November 15,\" said Sen.The Met office in Patna is not adequately equipped to forecast the onset of winter at such an early stage. \"But based on the analysis of winds and other factors, we can say it is likely to arrive on time. Usually a drop in the mercury to 13 degrees or below heralds the onset of winter but currently the temperature in the state is averaging to16 to 17 degrees which is normal,\" he said and described the recent drop in the mercury by three degree C as normal.The colder nights and warmer days currently may not be the sign of winter, but this is definitely the period when one should be cautious against flu virus, say doctors. \"These days nights are colder and it is the coldest around 4am while afternoons are warmer. Those suffering from joint disorders may experience sudden increase in pain while the blood pressure of cardiac patients may shoot up and they may experience a sudden vessel constriction during morning walks,\" said Dr Diwakar Tejaswi.Tejaswi prescribed since the elderly and children are more vulnerable to flu, they should wear warm clothes both in the night and early morning. \"Children are also more prone to cough and chest infections and, therefore, air conditioners should be avoided and light blankets should be used for them when they are sleeping,\" the doctor said and also prescribed vaccination against flu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17081265", "title": "Government should take over the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway", "text": "The Haryana chief minister is right when he suggests that the government should take over the expressway. It must compensate the concessionaire for the potential profits foregone and scrap the toll. The exact amount of compensation to be paid is best left to an independent body to work out. Arguing that it is a huge price to pay and that it will set a bad precedent for other toll projects is bad reasoning. Removing the toll will greatly ease the commute between Delhi and its most economically important suburb and hence allow for rapid economic development. The enhanced economic activity will yield much more revenue than the compensation while benefiting the economy and the public greatly. As for precedents, a toll on a road which is for all practical purposes an internal city road cannot be equated with tolls on inter-city roads.Related story: Government officials feel move could fan controversy", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17082388", "title": "Robo-soccer tourney at IIT-BHU", "text": "VARANASI: Over 200 robots took part in the two-day intra-IIT Robosoccer knockout tournament organised by the Science and Technology Council of IIT (BHU) Gymkhana on Saturday. The event was held to encourage first year students of the institute acquire and showcase preliminary skills of robotics.Nitish Saxena, general secretary of the council said 104 teams comprising of first year students have registered for the event. Each team has six members and has prepared two robots that function has the defender and attacker. The matches are played with a tennis ball and all rules of an actual football match are followed. Two makeshift football arenas have been developed for the purpose and fund of Rs 30,000 has been spent for conducting the tournament.\"Apart from being an engaging event, the Robosoccer tournament would help the students develop an insight into the world of robotics and related researches. Moreover, the tournament is part of the annual technical fest of IIT (BHU), 'Technex 2013', which is scheduled to commence on March 07, 2013,\" he informed.According to Himadri Roy, technical head, Technex 2013, from this academic year, the Science and Technology Council, IIT Gymkhana will also conduct outreach programmes in robotics in various engineering colleges and technical institutes. Roy said the robotics club of IIT (BHU) was established in 2002 and conducts around 18 to 20 workshops of robotics and related subjects every year.It is noteworthy that a number of events are organised in the 'Robotrix' event of the annual technical fest of IIT (BHU). These include 'Robo wars' (battle of robots), 'Dash and Trounce' (manual robotics), 'Aqua combat' (underwater robotics), 'I-Robot' (autonomous robotics), 'Optica' (semi-autonomous robotics) and 'Clutch' (high-speed video games).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17083288", "title": "Industry must change to remain innovative", "text": "BANGALORE: Donnie Lygonis is an entrepreneur, innovator and academic at the Royal Institute of Technology (KTH). In Bangalore as part of the Sweden-India Nobel Memorial week conducted by the Swedish Trade Council and Embassy of Sweden, he talks about on how universities there introduced innovation in their syllabus.Swedish universities place a lot of emphasis on innovation. How is it done?We emphasise the practical aspects of theories. Students work in teams for various projects. In a typical four-hour session, students spend one hour on theory, two hours on applications of these theories and one hour discussing their findings . We discuss how we need to learn to improve this process.How do ideas see the day?At KTH, we get about 175-200 innovative ideas every year. Anyone in the university can come up with an idea. First, the idea phase is 1-3 weeks long. We try to make the ideator understand its value proposition, who is the potential customer , the competition, how the business model will work, etc. Then, we evaluate the idea. In the third step, if the ideators are still serious about it, we get a deal with industries which can use the idea.What are the challenges Swedish universities face in preparing students for industry?Most companies worldwide, who hire students, often ask for people who can fit into their system. This can't be termed innovative. Creative people spend years in university trying to understand how things work. Now, you have students who've been thinking (innovative ideas) for years and you can't ask them to change their thought process. If industry wants to stay innovative, they should change the way they do business.Sweden is increasingly perceived in Asia not just as a tourist but also an educational destination...We have a very low population and are always warm towards youngsters coming to our country. There are many opportunities, especially for innovative minds. Our universities encourage innovation and entrepreneurship .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17085768", "title": "Kamal Hassan\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Vishwaroopam audio postponed", "text": "The audio launch of much-awaited film Viswaroopam, starring Kamal Hassan, has been postponed by a few weeks. The makers initially planned to have the audio release on November 7 to coincide with Kamal Hassan's birthday, but fresh reports say that the event was pushed back as the actor wanted to do the event on a larger scale.Vishwaroopam is directed by Kamal himself and produced by Kamal in association with PVP Cinema. Pooja Kumar and Andrea Jeremiah are playing the female leads and music is scored by Shankar-Ehsaan-Loy.The movie is equipped with Auro 3D sound format, making it the first film in India and the second film in the world, to do so. The film obtained U/A certificate with minor cuts. Recently, Oscar winning Hollywood director Ang Lee watched the film's trailer and applauded Kamal and his script. The film has Kamal Hassan plays the role of a Kathak Dancer and a spy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17082306", "title": "UPA has no moral right to remain in power: Hazare", "text": "PUNE: Social crusader Anna Hazare on Saturday sought the dissolution of Parliament saying the UPA government did not hold the moral right to remain in power as it was not following the Constitution.Criticizing the government in his latest blog, Hazare said the UPA rule has resulted in 'social inequality and disparity'.\"The divide between the rich and the poor has widened. Some people indulge in corruption and make huge money through unethical means, while some do not even have enough money to buy daily meals,\" he said.Hazare said that though India was primarily an agrarian country, farmers were committing suicide. \"The government is announcing packages to curb farmer suicides, but the money is not reaching the farmers. Rather than helping farmers, the government is more interested in inviting foreign companies to do business in our country,\" Hazare said.\"The government is providing roads, power and water to foreign companies and are grabbing land from farmers to set up industries. If farmers refuse to give their land, the government sometimes uses force and bullets against them,\" said Hazare.The Gandhian alleged that the private companies were extracting the natural resources of the country and were harming the environment at large.\"There is a contradiction between Mahatma Gandhi's philosophy and in the thinking of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh . It was presumed that he follows the principles of Mahatma Gandhi . Our Prime Minister proclaims that private companies should enter our economy, but Gandhiji said, to change the economy of the country, the village economy must be changed. If the village economy doesn't change, the national economy will not change,\" the anti-graft crusader said.Hazare said he plans to conduct a nation-wide tour starting January 30 as there was a need for a big movement before the 2014 general elections to create awareness among people.He appealed the people to vote for candidates who have a clean image. He also appealed the volunteers to establish a strong network and chain of workers up to village level.Hazare observed that the voting percentage now remained around 50% and the candidate who secured around 18% to 20% votes emerged as the winner. \"This kind of democracy is not right. There is a need to increase voting percentage up to 85% to 90% and every citizen must take an oath to vote during the elections,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17082013", "title": "When last king of scamland went globetrotting", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Talking to Abhay Gandhi, all of 28, one can see business acumen and zeal to make big in his eyes. He weighs his words before speaking to investigators and skips bits and pieces as the cops try to piece together the jigsaw puzzle of his multi-crore scam.Gandhi, who came under pressure in May 2011 after failing to make the payments to hundreds of investors who trusted his firm, AISE Capital Management Pvt Ltd, fled the city and hid at a relative's place in North Gujarat for a few days before going to Mumbai and flying on to Colombo.\"He told us very early on he got the feeling that payment cycles had spiraled out of his control. He had made a large number of agents who got in touch with prospective investors and first-time stock market dabblers. It was a chain reaction as those who got dividends, spread the word and got more people to invest in turn. Returns of 120% a year was more than enough to entice people when banks barely pay interest higher than 8%,\" said a crime branch official.He collected all his resources and fled the country after his arrest became imminent. Sources said that Gandhi was in touch with his family and also got four kilograms of gold to Sri Lanka through his business manager.\"Gandhi has told us had no idea that he would have to wait for more than a year to return home. During this time, he went from Sri Lanka to Bangkok, and on to Kenya and Congo. He even spoke to some locals about a new financial scheme but had to abandon the idea for want of response. He returned to Bangkok, went to Sri Lanka and again went to Bangkok before heading home after a year and a half on the run,\" said an investigator.Officials said that Gandhi claims to have led a frugal life after losing much of his money in buying shelter and hopping from one country to another. He stayed in the country only till the visitor's visa allowed and then changed base. In Sri Lanka he even worked at a shoe factory for a while to get some money, said officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "over the past four days, a large number of bangaloreans have been making their way to a little crafts fair in a peaceful corner of the busy business district. off leafy brunton road, a stone's throw from noisy, gigantic machinery and thundering traffic, this fair celebrates small things made by the first tools known to mankind", "code": "17083348", "title": "Celebration of handmade items", "text": "Over the past four days, a large number of Bangaloreans have been making their way to a little crafts fair in a peaceful corner of the busy business district. Off leafy Brunton Road, a stone's throw from noisy, gigantic machinery and thundering traffic, this fair celebrates small things made by the first tools known to mankind: hands.Every year, A Hundred Hands , a Bangalore-based non-profit organization working with artisans from Karnataka and across the country, puts together a crafts fair called The Handmade Collective. This year, the collective kicked off on a rainy Wednesday and will wind up tonight.Many of the 42 artists taking part in the fair this time are members of A Hundred Hands. Among them are Gond artist Shyam Venkat, a former dailywage labourer whose intricate paintings in the Gond style has won him many awards; Varsha Rani, founder of Praachi Ahimsa Silk, an organization that has perfected the art of extracting silk from silkworms in a humane way; Samoolam Trust, a Bihar-based organization that teaches village women to craft beautiful crochet-work accessories ; Mohan Kumar Prajapati, a Jaipur-based artist whose entire family has been creating the most intricate Mughal miniature paintings for generations; Abdul Kalam, whose hand-woven kilim rugs can add a spot of colour to the drabbest surroundings , and Bangalore-based Varnam, which gives a contemporary twist to the Chennapatna lacquerware technique by crafting stylish lifestyle products using it.\"The best thing about such crafts bazaars is that people are not just here to buy nice things; they're genuinely interested in how you make them,\" says Alicia Souza, a gifted illustrator and designer who creates items like fridge magnets, coasters and notepads in her trademark quirky style.A Hundred Hands also supports a unique initiative started by the department of psychiatric rehabilitation, Nimhans , which has been training long-term patients and their caregivers to make everyday products like rugs, mats and bags using weaving and stitching techniques. Their 'bum bags' - totes made from discarded jeans - are a huge hit.\"Our aim is to make sure they can continue making these things even when they go home. Working with one's hands is not only an important aspect of rehabilitation, it's also a way to earn a livelihood with dignity ,\" says Dr Poornima Bhola, associate professor in clinical psychology , Nimhans and a member of the rehabilitation team.Hands create beautyWe believe that working with our hands is an inherent instinct that stems from an ancient urge to express our individuality and create beauty. Our ancestors decorated their caves for the joy of it. And steeped as we are in a world of mass-produced toys, automated responses and instant gratification, we view hand-crafting as a means to slow down, destress , find satisfaction in the simple pleasures and lead more creative, contented and fulfilling lives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17082247", "title": "'Present laws not enough to curb child labour'", "text": "JAIPUR: The present laws cannot deter the menace of child labour. The government should bring separate schemes for rehabilitation and education of rescued children, said 11-year-old Kulbhusan, a student from Bharatpur while presenting his views on 'Child Labour: A Curse or Boon' at OTS on Saturday.The debate on child labour, organized by Rajasthan Legal Aid Authority, saw three students each from seven divisions of the state aiming to sensitize students on the sensitive issue. The debate was attended by Justice Dalip Singh, Justice Ajay Rastogi and Justice NK Jain of the high court.\"Students have not only deciphered the root cause of this problem and also gave suggestions to curb the problem. I am happy that future generation is very sensitive about such issues,\" said Justice Singh. These students were shortlisted after they won the competition held at divisional level. The participants came from across the state has gave informative speeches.Kulbhusan narrated incidents describing the role of parents engaging their children in menial jobs. \"Parents should also be held guilty under the law,\" he said. Another speaker, Santosh Bishnoi of Alwar, presented figures which say that 2,150 people were convicted for child labour. \"It is the joint responsibility of parents, society and government to ensure childhood for every child,\" said Bishnoi.The debaters pledged that they will work towards alleviating this problem starting from their locality. All participants were from secondary classes.Students were judged on the basis of their knowledge on the subject. The winners of the debate will be announced on November 7.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17087360", "title": "Films are my priority, says Tia Bajpai", "text": "Tia Bajpai is busy replying the messages sent by her well wishers after watching '1920 Evil Returns'.The actress comes from small screen, but plans to concentrate on Bollywood. \"I will concentrate on films, but TV will always be important for me. I have grown from TV. \" said Tia.Tia is three films old and wants to work with all the actors and directors. \"For me it's important to know what my role will bring to me as an actress. I always select movies after knowing my role,\" concluded Tia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17080897", "title": "Cablewallahs warn of total blackout", "text": "MUMBAI: Aware that anger is mounting among citizens whose television screens went blank on October 31, local cable operators (LCOs) have, in a bid to ensure their safety, threatened to switch off all signals if the viewers get violent with them.Around 85 to 90% Mumbaikars have switched over to digitalized signals by way of set-top boxes (STBs) or direct-to-home (DTH) antennas. Nearly 10% households, mostly in low-income or middle-class areas, are yet to give up their analog signals.Sources said some operators were beaming analog signals in the city by stealing them from Thane and Navi Mumbai. Additional collector Subhashchandra Yeole denied this and warned that those found relaying pirated analog signals would be punished. The deadline for digitization beyond Mumbai is March 31, 2013.Pointing out that people may take to the streets against them, local cable operators said they may have to resort to a total switch off to put pressure on multi-media system operators (MSOs), the broadcasters and the government to get analog system restored till December 31 or at least till after Diwali.The leaders of LCOs, Anil Parab and Sanjay Dina Patil , sided with the viewers, saying it was \"unfair\" that citizens were being forced to buy costly STBs just days before Diwali. \"The matter should be handled more sensitively and responsibly,\" they added.Sources said the state home ministry was also of the same view and had urged the Centre to extend the deadline.MSOs Alliance President Ashok Mansukhani said broadcasters had taken away all analog decoders and there was no scope for MSOs to start analog beams in Mumbai. \"There's a possibility of DTH operators' decoders being used illegally to send pirated analog signals,\" he said.Cable operators and distributors association president Anil Parab claimed there 20 operators in the city were distributing analog signals through their control room.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "17082775", "title": "Coconut climbers being trained to use machines", "text": "KANNUR: Many years ago when Ramdas Vaidyar, a satirist and social critic in Kozhikode, started a 'coconut-tree climbing college', that was seen as a joke by many. But the efforts being put in by the Coconut Development Board (CDB), which now trains people to climb coconut trees using climbing machines, have proved how far-sighted Vaidyar was.\"Since there is a dearth of coconut climbers, we may soon face huge problems resulting in coconut trees being neglected further affecting its productivity. It's because of this that we decided on this training in association with the CDB,\" said Father Sunil Perumanoor, director, Malabar Social Services Society, which is providing training in coconut climbing using machines.In the first batch of the one-week training programme, 20 people, including two women, successfully completed the training. Though this is believed to be a male bastion, more and more women are showing interest in coconut climbing using machines, said the organizers.\"I came for the training because of the employment potential it has,\" said Reni Sibi, a female trainee from Srikandapuram, who successfully completed the training. \"Now there aren't many coconut climbers and hence I am sure I will get work. And I have my husband's support in this,\" she said.Another female trainee, Beena Saji, said in the hilly regions in the district there was immense scope for trained coconut climbers.\"Apart from coconut climbing, the training also gives the trainees a comprehensive knowledge about coconut tree, including many aspects of its cultivation. This would help me in the future,\" said Thomas M K, another trainee.In the first batch of the programme, 'Thenginte changathikkootam (friends of coconut tree)', 20 people were selected from three panchayats -- Sreekandapuram, Payyavoor and Padiyoor.The organizers said nearly ten women had registered their names for the second batch. They expect to impart training to at least 200 people a year. On the successful completion of the free training programme, the trainees will be given a coconut-climbing machine for free.I &amp; PRD district officer E V Sugathan gave away the certificates to those who had completed the training at a function held in the Sripuram training centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "17082760", "title": "Arunachal minister seeks FCI offices", "text": "ITANAGAR: Arunachal Pradesh food and civil supplies minister Kamlung Mosang has appealed to the Union food ministry to ensure prompt setting up of district offices of the Food Corporation of India (FCI) at Bomdila (West Kameng), Pasighat (East Siang) and Tezu (Lohit) for effective functioning and monitoring of PDS activities in the state.The FCI's Banderdewa-based area manager is currently overburdened as he has to monitor the PDS activities in the entire state and all the revenue districts, which leads to delay in issuing of release orders and monitoring of stock movements, especially during bandh calls in the neighbouring state and the state capital, Mosang said during a meeting in New Delhi on Wednesday.Besides informing that non-payment of Hill Transport Subsidy (HTS) bills since 2009 has badly affected PDS activities in the state, the minister sought enhancement in allocation of APL foodgrain from the present 5,005 MT to 8,911 MT per month as a floating population has been inducted from neighbouring states for developmental projects, official sources said here on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17083464", "title": "Motilal Nehru National Institute of Technology gears up for vigilance week", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A meeting was organised at Motilal Nehru National Institute of Technology (MNNIT) on the eve of Vigilance Awareness Week-2012 on Saturday in the conference hall of the institute. Meeting was presided over by Prof P Chakrabarti, director and convened by prof Peeush Ranjan Agrawal, chief vigilance officer of the institute.At the outset, Prof P Chakrabarti laid the importance of Vigilance Awareness Week for the educational institutions being governed by Ministry of HRD, Government of India. The relevance of Central Vigilance Commission (CVC) has gained momentum with the transformation in mood of the people in the country, looking for a fairer and transparent process of governance; offering priority to anti-corruption strategies towards procurement of goods and services in a more cost effective manner. With use of technology, discretion of the officials involved at each level could be embedded with emphasis on accountability and probity both.Director of the Institute announced, organising ground level co-curricular activities for the students towards creating sensitivity amongst them. These shall include organising special lectures, poster &amp; essay competitions on the issue of reduction of corruption in the society with conferring awards and publication in the Institute magazine 'Sangam'. He informed that on December 9, a live tele-conferencing is being organised with chief vigilance commissioner of India with a group of students for spreading the massage and involving them in extension of building of a fairer society.Prof. Peeush Ranjan Agrawal, the Chief Vigilance Officer of the Institute described the role of CVC in day-to-day financial activities of the Institute and its regulation. He gave a brief account of the outcome of a workshop organized at Vigyan Bhawan New Delhi with CVC and senior official of HRD .The emphasis was laid in for taking more precautions in all kind of procurements and transactions towards economizing the purchases and averting wasteful expenditure out of pubic money.The meeting ended with swearing in of an official Pledge by the director to all Heads of the Departments, Deans, Senior Administrative Officer and functionaries of the Institute towards growth and building reputation of the Institute, on a value based process.Meanwhile, Central Organization of Railway Electrification (CORE) organised the Vigilance Awareness Week. Various programmes and competitions were organised during the weeklong event.General manager of CORE Jagdev Kalia exhorted the employees and officers that they should maintain transparency in work and perform their duty honestly. He also observed that CORE is entrusted with vital responsibility of the electrification of railway routes and we should work hard to achieve the set targets.The prize distribution ceremony was organised in the presence of chief vigilance officer of Railway Electrification Raj Narayan and the prizes were distributed to the winners of different events by chief guest chief electrical engineer of Railway Electrification Man Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "bolangir (odisha)", "code": "17087150", "title": "Maoist camp in Odisha destroyed after encounter", "text": "BOLANGIR (ODISHA): A Maoist camp was destroyed and some explosive materials were seized by police after a fierce encounter with the red rebels in a forest in Bolangir district of Odisha on Sunday, police said.The exchange of fire took place when a police team was conducting a combing operation inside Banjipali forest following intelligence input about presence of Maoists in the jungle, they said.As the ultras fled from the scene and disappeared into dense forest after the gunbattle, their camp was destroyed by the police, they said.Some Maoists were believed to have been injured in the encounter.Some explosive materials including gelatine sticks, detonators and tiffin bombs were recovered from the site after the encounter. Other materials including tents and naxal literature were also seized, they said.A massive combing operation and patrolling had been launched by the security forces in the area after the encounter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17085811", "title": "Police to seek administration stand on 'made made snana' at Sri Kshetra Kukke", "text": "MANGALORE: DK district police will officially correspond with the district administration to ascertain the governments stand on 'made made snana' that is held at Sri Kshetra Kukke on the occasion of champa shashti. A report will be sought from jurisdictional police inspector and district special branch and the same sent to deputy commissioner for necessary action and follow up, noted Abhishek Goyal, Superintendent of Police here on Sunday.Chairing the monthly SC/ST meeting organised by district police, SP taking note of concerns expressed by members of dalit communities on this religious practice said the police will go with the decision taken by the district administration. \"Popular sentiments of cross sections of people too will be included in the report,\" SP said, adding that the final call on allowing or banning this practice rests with the state government and the administration.L Shekar, of Dalita Hakkugala Horata Samiti, Belthangady said when moves are afoot to ban the Kalkunda cattle fair at Subrahmanya under pressure from right winged organisations, why is the district administration hesitating to impose ban on made made snana, which is fostering superstition in the name of tradition. A cross section of intellectuals headed by GK Govinda Rao has voiced their support against continuation of this practice, a dalit leader said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "17082500", "title": "UP take 1st innings lead against Delhi", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Mukul Dagar, playing only his second first-class game, batted like a seasoned pro against a four-pronged Delhi pace attack to notch up his maiden century on the second day of the UP-Delhi Ranji Trophy game here on Saturday.Dagar stole the thunder from the host of India stars who have so far failed to make a mark in this game. The value of his innings can be gauged from the fact that UP lost their way after his dismissal and allowed Delhi to make a comeback in the final session, with Sumit Nehwal and Ishant Sharma striking crucial blows.UP relied on Dagar's superlative innings of 116 and a partnership of 196 for the second wicket with Mohammed Kaif (91) to close Day Two of the Group B Ranji Trophy match at the Nehru stadium here at 292 for six, a narrow lead of 57.The good news for UP is that their skipper Suresh Raina is still at the crease and will have to bat tactfully with the lower order to extend the lead to a substantial proportion. Unless that is done, Delhi have the wherewithal to turn the tables on the home team over the next two days.On the opening day, the UP pacemen had sent the star-studded Delhi lineup packing for just 235. But the experienced Delhi pace attack, led by Sharma and Ashish Nehra , struggled to break the stubborn alliance between Dagar and Kaif till almost the tea interval. In that period, Dagar totally dominated the bowling by playing some lovely backfoot punches and elegant drives to collect 14 boundaries. He had so much time to play off the back foot that dislodging him seemed an uphill task for the Delhi bowlers.After having failed to post a formidable total, Delhi required early wickets when UP resumed at 40 for one. But they had to toil hard as the pitch seemed to have lost much of the juice present on the opening day. And with the sun too making an appearance, batting became much easier in the afternoon. Even so, Dagar and Kaif 's approach was laudable.Kaif was fluent in the first session, playing flowing drives and deft cuts, but in the postlunch session he became circumspect, especially against spinner Vikas Mishra , and paid the penalty of missing out on a well-deserved century. He was trapped leg-before by Mishra when he was nine short of the coveted ton.But Dagar did not show any nerves when he was approaching his maiden century, striking a couple of boundaries on either side of the wicket off Pradeep Sangwan to race away to three figures. He slowed down thereafter as Gautam Gambhir \u00e2\u20ac\u201d leading in place of Virender Sehwag , who walked out with a finger injury \u00e2\u20ac\u201d employed a defensive field to stem the flow of runs.Eventually the move paid off as Dagar was castled by Narwal after batting for 214 balls.After his departure UP not just lost their way and but also wickets at regular intervals before the close of play. UP should have dominated the tiring bowling attack in the final session, but with Raina more determined to stay at the wicket and the other batsmen struggling to get going, Delhi have spied a window of opportunity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17081369", "title": "Haze blinds, but Delhi chokes on dust", "text": "NEW DELHI: The School of Environmental Sciences at JNU has blamed the severe smog and low visibility, an annual feature in the capital, on dust. It has been studying the phenomenon for the past four years. They have found that 80% of the total suspended particulate matter is from natural sources. A large quantity of fine particles is wind-transported dust which travels from desert areas of Rajasthan and adjoining places and settles down in Delhi.Also, the dust particles do not escape the atmosphere easily - 25% is re-suspended in the air. Anthropogenic activities like sweeping of the roads, construction projects and traffic disturb the dust, which in turn builds up the haze.According to the study, the trend is seeing a spike, creating a vicious cycle where suspended particulate matter is not able to escape or settle down. \"Our study shows that because of Delhi's geographical location and sub-tropical climatic condition, the natural aerosol (suspension of fine solid particles in air) load is already very high.It is so high that even without the contribution from vehicular emissions, it may cross Central Pollution Control Board's safe limit. The wind transported fine particles from desert areas of Rajasthan along with local dust in Delhi make for around 80% of the suspended particulate matter,\" says Professor Arun K Attri, dean, school of environmental sciences.The study for the first time uses samples of particulate pollution (PM10) collected for six days before and six days after Diwali. They were collected in eight-hourly intervals in time series sequence. The aim was to compare the pre-Diwali pollution elements with post-Diwali ones. The samples were analyzed chemically and attributed to specific sources. \"You will be surprised to know that Vehicular emissions contributed 15% to 20% of the suspended particulate matter, whereas the rest was wind-borne material from Rajasthan. But the deposits that come to Delhi do not go anywhere. They are just suspended in the air. It is a continuous process. Just like if you clean up a locked house and then lock it again, you will see the dust again when you open it,\" adds Attri who conducted the study with PhD students, Ankit Tandon and Shweta Yadav.Attri's team also found traces of lead in the particulate matter. \"We use unleaded petrol now. Then where did the lead come from? The lead is still suspended in the air from earlier emissions. We also found traces of a lot of minerals in the particles. The Khetri mines may be contributing to the pollution. Blasting in mines leads to heavy dispersal of fine dust,\" explains Attri.In 2007, Attri's study on city-wide sweeping as a cause for re-suspension of dust was published in Elseiver Journal of Atmospheric Environment.\"People think morning walk is healthy. But in Delhi, with sweepers re-suspending the dust, it can be one of the unhealthiest experiences,\" says Attri.The team offers some solutions too. One of the most effective solutions would be covering open patches with vegetation. \"Vegetation acts as a buffer to the dust. The surface of leaves allows dust to settle. So do lawns,\" he says. Rapid change in land-use and increase in construction works may be contributing to the increase in particulate matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17088009", "title": "Ajmal Kasab down with fever in prison, dengue suspected", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbai terror attack convict Mohammed Ajmal Amir Kasab is suffering from fever and undergoing treatment in the high security Arthur Road jail here, police said on Sunday.\"Kasab is being treated for fever for the past few days. Suspecting that the prisoner could be suffering from dengue, three tests were conducted on him by a team of doctors of JJ hospital but the results were negative,\" said a police official on condition of anonymity.\"Doctors do not want to take any chance. Kasab is under observation and responding well to the treatment,\" the official said.The Pakistani terrorist is currently lodged in a bomb proof, egg-shaped cell at the jail since his arrest. His mercy plea was rejected last month by the government, which has sent its recommendation to the President.Kasab, the lone surviving terrorist of the 26/11 Mumbai attacks was involved in a grave crime and waging war against India that led to killing 166 people, including foreigners.The 25-year-old Pakistani and nine other fellow Lashkar-e-Taiba terrorists had landed in Mumbai on November 26, 2008, by sea from Karachi and had gone on a shooting spree at various places, carrying out the country's worst terror attack. While Kasab was captured alive, the other terrorists were killed by security forces.After nearly a four-year-long legal battle, on August 29 the Supreme Court had confirmed the death penalty awarded to the LeT operative by the trial court and later upheld by the Bombay high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17082145", "title": "Molestation case: Three-year jail for madrassa teacher", "text": "SURAT: A Mangrol court has convicted a teacher of a madrassa at Kosamba village in the district on charges of sexually molesting three minor girl students in June 2010. Judge J D Amin on Friday awarded rigorous imprisonment of three years to Mehboob Salim Malek and also fined him Rs 10,000 for the crime. The court said the fine amount should be distributed among the victims' families and in case the convict fails to pay the fine then he would have to undergo another three months in the jail.Malek had sexually exploited a seven-year-old student on June 5, 2010. He threatened to kill her if she told of the incident to anyone. However, the girl told her parents subsequent to which a police complaint was lodged. Police investigation revealed that girl had been molested several times by Malek in the past. Two more minor students of the madrassa came forward to say that they were molested by the accused teacher. Malek had managed to escaped but was nabbed and a chargesheet filed against him after investigation in Mangrol court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17081856", "title": "It's ordinance raj in state: VS", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Opposition leader V S Achuthanandan has alleged that an ordinance raj was prevailing in the state.Inaugurating a sit-in in protest against the proposed Devaswom board ordinance by LDF leaders and MLAs in front of the Raj Bhavan on Saturday, the CPM leader said the Chandy government had taken many steps to silence democratic institutions in the state. \"Earlier, there were efforts to dismantle the elected syndicates of universities. Now, it tries to steal the powers of the PSC by constituting another recruitment board for Devaswom jobs.\"Achuthanandan alleged that the proposed ordinance was anti-woman as it took away their reservation in devaswom boards implemented by the previous government. Leaders of LDF constituents, led by VS, submitted a memorandum at the Raj Bhavan, requesting the governor not to sign the 'undemocratic and unconstitutional' ordinance. They could not meet the governor as he was out of station. \"We talked to the governor over phone and are hopeful of a positive decision,\" Achuthanandan said, adding that he had brought the issue to the notice of the governor during functions he attended with the latter. \"He had assured me that he had sought the opinion of the CM on my earlier complaint.\"Meanwhile, the state is going ahead with the ordinance. \"It is only a matter of time. The ordinance was not signed because the governor is out of station,\" Devaswom minister V S Sivakumar said, adding that the government was confident that the ordinance would pass any legal scrutiny.The controversial ordinance insists that only those MLAs who declare their faith in Hindu religion and temple worship will be able to cast their votes for electing the scheduled caste member of the Travancore, Kochi and Malabar devaswom boards. The opposition alleges that it is a UDF ploy to bypass the majority the LDF has in the House among Hindu MLAs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17087953", "title": "Strong finish for Parth Ghorpade", "text": "Young driver Parth Ghorpade ended a tough weekend with a podium finish in Race 3 at Round 5 of the 2012 Formula Pilota Championship in Sepang. He had earlier finished in 5th &amp; 9th position in Races 1 and 2.However, he still lies 3rd in the overall championship and first in the Asian category. Parth had qualified in 2nd position for all three races.\"We had a really tough start to the weekend when we struggled to find the right balance for the car. Qualifying in 2nd position was definitely a surprise and had my best laps of the weekend.Antonio was untouchable the whole weekend but thought I should have finished on the podium in Race 1. In the next race, the car just stalled and after that it was a really tough race. The third race was good as I got the best result I could have for the weekend,\" Parth said on Sunday.\"There is one more round left so hopefully things will be a lot better. Leading the Asian Championship is a great feeling so will continue to push at the last round,\" he added.In Race One on a wet track, Parth had the perfect start and led into the first corner. He continued to lead for 3 laps before going off track due to brake issue, putting him at the back off the field.He fought back from last place to finish in 5th position. Before the start of Race 2 , Parth's car stalled on the grid, with the team not able to identify if it was a mechanical or driver error. Race 3 saw Parth drop from P2 to P4 at the start but he managed to pass Sean Galeal to make it to the final step of the podium.His third place in Race 3 gave him the win in the Asian category to further strengthen his lead in the class. His team-mate and overall championship leader Antonio Giovinazzi won all 3 races.The 18-year-old is a five-time National Karting Champion, runner-up in the inaugural 2010 Volkswagen Polo Cup India, and recently competed in the Renault F4 series in 2011, finishing in the top five multiple times.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17084856", "title": "Fish exhibition in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: An exhibition of rare colourful fish had many Mumbaikars learning to differentiate a Nobel Gourami from an exclaimed Barb. The exhibition Aqua Life 2012, organized by the Central Institute of Fisheries Education and Laukikk Creations, on till November 7 at Ruia College in Matunga has endangered species of fish swimming in tanks to get the youth interested in the little sea ceatures.Big fish like Shark, Piranha, Oscar, Catfish, and Discus are the main attraction of the exhibition. But also present for the first time are the large-size fish variety as also 30 new varieties such as Moustached Danio, Dwarf Anchor Catfish, Azure Blue Danio ,Rainbow Algaeater , Turquoise Danio , Sparkling Torrent Fish , Striped Hill Trout , Leopard Loach , Exclaimed Barb, Jewel Killi Panchax, Filament Barb, Pyjama Striped Catfish, Nobel Gourami , Scarlet Gem , Jewel Carplet, Golden Banded Loach, Giant Barbs , Chestnut Catfish, Red Chameleon Fish, Orange Chromide, Melon Barbs, Ring Loach, Silver Tiger, Blue Dotted Hill Trout , Drape Fin Barb , Dwarf Chameleon Fish , Golden Dwarf Barb , Manipur Chameleon Fish, Burjor's Brilliance and Gold Hovering Catfish said Laukik Soman of Laukik CreationsThere are about five huge sets for sea fishes containing different varieties of the creature in a single tank. Various colours of fishes, their movements, and their fun can be experienced in three feet by three feet space.. The Laukik Creation has brought 120 large tanks at a one place for the huge display.\"The Exhibition provides information about instruments to be set up an aquarium and how to use them. It explains as to where to keep a fish tank as per Vastushastra,\" said Soman.He adds \"What's significant is that even doctors have agreed that day-to-day stress can be reduced by 50 per cent by observing a fish tank for 15 minutes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17081617", "title": "Ruchika suicide: School challenges SDM's report in civil court", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Chandigarh-based Sacred Heart School, which had come under the scanner following the report of SDM Prerna Puri holding the school responsible for expelling Ruchika, has challenged the said report before a civil court.This was stated on Saturday by the counsel for the school during resumed hearing of petition filed by local lawyer Ranjan Lakhanpal. The school has also questioned maintainability of the petition filed by Lakhanpal. It was also informed that in their civil suit challenging SDM's report, they have also challenged the role of the SDM and the then UT home secretary in preparation of the said report.In his petition filed after Rathore's conviction in Ruchika molestation case, Lakhanpal had sought action against all those officials who sided with S P S Rathore and enabled the trial to continue for 19 years, and to investigate the school's alleged role in driving Ruchika to commit suicide following her molestation.Hearing contentions of the school, a division bench of the HC headed by Justice S S Saron adjourned the case for November 21 and held that from November 21, the case would be heard on a day-to-day basis.Importantly, in her report conducted in January 2010, Prerna Puri had found the school guilty of arbitrarily expelling Ruchika almost a month after her molestation at the behest of her molester, who was the then Inspector General (IG) with Haryana police.Inquiry conducted by SDM had also found that late fee payment was not the satisfactory reason for expelling Ruchika. The report also found that out of 17 cases of late fee in 1990, eight students paid their fee after Ruchika did, but no action was taken against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17081446", "title": "NCP to seek N Goa seat for LS polls, says Praful Patel", "text": "PANAJI: Senior Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) leader and Union cabinet minister Praful Patel on Saturday said that although the NCP in Goa fared poorly in the last assembly elections, it will re-group, re-consolidate and in alliance with the Congress, contest the 2014 parliamentary elections from North Goa.The NCP had contested the North Goa seat in the last two elections. In 2009, Jitendra Deshprabhu came close to wresting the seat from the BJP. He has since rejoined the Congress.Speaking to mediapersons on the sidelines of Thinkfest at Bambolim, Patel said that despite the party's debacle in the last assembly elections, the party still considers itself a responsible party that wants to resolve the issues of Goa, including the mining issue, because people in the state did cast votes for the party.Patel said the Congress-NCP alliance will continue in Goa and that the NCP will claim the North Goa seat to contest the next Lok Sabha elections scheduled for 2014. He said there has been nothing contrary from the Congress regarding the continuation of their alliance.Asked whether the NCP leadership had reviewed their loss in the Goa assembly elections, Patel replied in the affirmative. He cited various reasons for the loss. One reason is that the NCP organization did not rise to the expectations of the people of Goa. Patel said the second reason is that there was an anti-Congress, anti-NCP mood in the state for various reasons. The other reason he cited was that in certain places, there was not adequate support from the Congress to the NCP.Patel said he did not blame the state Congress leaders, but that the Congress workers at a lower level failed to support the NCP properly. He said the NCP has already apprised the Congress about this.Asked to comment on the present BJP-led government in Goa, Patel said the Parrikar government is still enjoying its honeymoon, \"which will end in one year\".\"We don't want to disturb the honeymoon, but after one year, the people will realize the harsh realities,\" Patel said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17083955", "title": "'Regional' clash at Sainik School", "text": "LUCKNOW: The violent clash witnessed between two groups of students on Friday at Sainik School, located at Kanpur Road in Sarojini Nagar area, was sparked off by a regional conflict, pitting students of class XI hailing from East UP against west UP battle against each other. Around 20 students exchanged blows on the school premises at about 2:30 pm.Principal of the school Samarveer Singh confirmed that two groups were formed on regional lines among the cadets (students) of class XI who were engaged in a major brawl. \"A student was insulted and taunted in a classroom by his colleague and it soon took the shape of a regional divide among students,\" said Singh. The leaders of the two camps, Shivam Yadav and Sunil Paswan, are in the same hostel. Yadav hails from Mainpuri and Paswan is from Deoria and both of them used to take chances to run the hostel in favour of their respective group.\"Minor tiffs were frequent between the two groups in the past too but this was the first time things blew out of proportion and turned ugly,\" added Singh. Singh has pressed an inquiry into the case to fix responsibility.Meanwhile, Shivam Yadav went ahead and lodged a complaint against 16 persons, including the principal, with Sarojininagar police pressing charges under various sections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17081907", "title": "BSNL unveils T-Pads for AP", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: In her first as Union minister of state for communication and information technology, Killi Kruparani says she would do everything in her capacity to ensure that BSNL reaches every nook and corner of the country.The minister said, \"I am yet to take stock of the ministry, but I promise that BSNL would reach out to every segment with special focus in the rural areas.\" She said this after launching three models of BSNL T-Pads (tablets) for the Andhra Pradesh circle here on Saturday. The tabs jointly developed by BSNL and Teracom Limited will be made available in all 180 BSNL channel partners and franchisees across the state.\"The idea is to reach the students and professionals by offering the tablets at a low price,\" said chief general manager of BSNL (AP Circle) K Srinivasan. As part of the inaugural offer till November 20, customers can avail 7% discount on TZ-100 and TZ-300 sets and 12% on TZ-300 set. \"The offer is valid across AP,\" said Prashant Agarwal, DGM (operations) of Teracom. Developed in three models TZ-100, TZ-200 and TZ-300, the tabs are priced at Rs 10,999, Rs 6,499 and Rs 3,999.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17082246", "title": "Parking crunch: Traders lose sleep", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a bid to ease traffic bottlenecks considered inevitable during the festival season, members of the Chandigarh Beopar Mandal will submit a request to the UT administration, MC and Chandigarh traffic police to allow parking of vehicles in parking lots of government schools, government offices, community centres and open chunks of land in the evenings. A decision to the effect was taken in the general body meeting of the Chandigarh Beopar Mandal on Thursday.Traders feel lack of parking spaces will have a direct bearing on customers and consequently, on business. They are of the view that temporary measures to provide parking areas will be of great help. Chandigarh Beopar Mandal president Charanjeev Singh said, \"The governing body of the CBM met on Thursday to discuss crucial issues and parking was one of them. We unanimously decided to ask UT, MC and police authorities to open parking lots of government schools, offices, community centres and open spaces for the festival season. Parking premises of these buildings are vacant in the evening, so we feel authorities won't hesitate to grant permission. We have prepared a request representation in this regard.\"General secretary of the Sector 17 Traders' Association J S P Kalra echoed his views. \"We hope authorities will support us because parking is a major problem during the festival season. Traders are making many efforts to provide facilities to the people,\" he said. While parking is a problem in almost every market, the worst affected markets are those in sectors 17, 22, 35, 36, 8, 9, 19, 15, 46, 47, 26 and Manimajra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17085290", "title": "England declare after loss of quick wickets", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbai A dismissed three England batsmen quickly before the visitors declared their first innings at 345 for nine on the second morning of their three-day practice game on Sunday.The batsmen dismissed this morning after England resumed at 338 for 6 were Samit Patel (60), stand-in captain Stuart Broad (6) and Graham Onions (0).England declared after 34 minutes of play and in the remaining time to lunch, Mumbai A made 43 for the loss of opener Bhavin Thakkar (5 in 38 balls).Invitee team members Shikhar Dhawan (23 in 54 balls) and Cheteshwar Pujara (14 in 19 balls) were the not out batsmen at the interval.In the morning, Mumbai A new ball bowlers Shardul Thakur and Kshemal Waingankar polished off three tourists batsmen for the addition of seven runs.Thakur bagged two of the three wickets that fell before England declared their innings closed at the fall of Graham Onions to Thakur off the last ball of the eighth over.Thakur, who finished with 3 for 53, sent back Broad, who fell leg before, and Onions, who was caught behind, in the space of 12 balls.Waingankar packed off overnight batsman Samit Patel, who added just one run, to add to the two wickets he grabbed on Saturday for innings figures of 3 for 72.Broad and Patel hit seven fours before the two batsmen were out in successive balls in consecutive overs and at the same team score of 339.England declared when Onions departed with Monty Panesar yet to bat. The visitors lost three wickets in 23 balls in the morning after resuming at 338 for 6.Apart from Waingankar and Thakur, seamer Javed Khan (2 for 75), who turned up to play on Saturday hours after his father died and also missed the funeral held this morning, and captain Suryakumar Yadav (1 for 30) were the other wicket-takers.Mumbai A openers Shikhar Dhawan and Bhavin Thakkar started sedately and put on just one run in four overs before the former square cut James Anderson for the first boundary of the innings.The left-hander later drove the England pace bowler to the extra cover fence stylishly.Thakkar took his first run off the 33rd ball he faced before edging Onions to wicket-keeper Jonny Bairstow after making 5 in 48 minutes.Pujara looked in good touch, flicking and driving the bowlers for three boundaries while Dhawan too batted confidently against the new ball bowlers and had hit four fours by lunch.England gave a good work-out to their three fast bowlers -- Anderson, Onions and Broad -- before the break.Left-arm spinner Monty Panesar also got the ball 10 minutes before lunch, along with part-time slow bowler Joe Root.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17082584", "title": "Cyclone Nilam brings off-season rain to state", "text": "RANCHI: Sudden changes in the weather conditions have come as a knock of the winters with sunshine missing and maximum temperature dipping few degrees below normal whereas the minimum temperature going up slightly higher. Triggered by a low pressure trough development over the Tamil Nadu coast near Mahabalipuram, the well marked low pressure system laid over north interior Karnataka on Saturday, indirectly influencing the weather situation in Jharkhand and adjoining states.Director, Ranchi office of the India Meteorological Department (IMD) G K Mohanty said the low pressure system had no direct link with Jharkhand but the wind field associated with the system was covering a vast area. \"Wind of convergence and cyclonic circulations could be observed in the upper atmosphere which along with the high level of moisture has resulted in thundershowers in Jharkhand,\" Mohanty said.Rainfall was recorded in almost every part of the state since Thursday night and it became more pronounced by Saturday. Mohanty said the system would continue to exist in the next 24 hours and is likely to cause heavy rainfall in isolated parts of the state where local conditions are conducive for the wind to pick up moisture. Ranchi recorded maximum temperature of 22.7 degrees which was 4 degrees below normal whereas the minimum temperature was 19.2 degrees, around three degrees higher than normal. Similarly in Jamshedpur the day temperature came down by seven degrees below normal to touch 23.1 degrees mark and morning temperature rose by four degrees to reach 21.8 degrees thereby reducing the gap of day and night temperature.Experts believe that once the cloud cover is over the north westerly winds will start blowing further bringing down the mercury Mohanty said, \"The low pressure system is expected to weaken in the next 48 hours.\"In Hazaribag, the first showers after the last Hathia rainfall have boosted the prospect of ensuing Rabi crops and the standing potato crops in the District. The rainfall has also heralded arrival of winters in Hazaribag as the cold wind forced citizens to take out their woollens much before the schedule time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "jabalpur", "code": "17081779", "title": "NH12 jammed as Congmen court arrest , jam seen", "text": "JABALPUR: Charging the state government with deliberate neglect in the repair of the NH12 , hundreds of Congressmen jammed the Jabalpur- Bhopal highway for three hours on Saturday. Traffic came to a halt and utter chaos prevailed as party workers staged a high drama of digging and ploughing the non-existent road and sprinkling seeds on the bypass near the school for handicapped , in the presence of thousands of stranded commuters..and were led away by the district police to the make-shift jail in the stadium.Interestingly , as the city grapples with a dismal road network with all the three major national highway NH12 NH12a and NH7 turning into a traffic nightmare, both the BJP and Congress are pulling in different directions. The BJP is demanding maintenance of NH7, the Congress is rooting for repair works in NH12.\"There have been 107 major and minor accidents on the route in the last one month\" said Raju Mishra the KGB block head. NH 12, he said, has become a death trap and no one seems to be bothered about the situation.\"City corporators participating in the protest even demanded security for their freshly sown field\" from the sub divisional magistrate who had rushed to the scene with force. The agitation is likely to intensify in coming days if there are no immediate remedial measures taken by the authorities , the city/district Congressmen have warned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17085288", "title": "Arpita and Prosenjit at an event in Kolkata", "text": "There have been offers a plenty. But after their wedding, no director has yet managed to bring Tollywood's first couple, Prosenjit Chatterjee and Arpita, together.First, there was news of them doing Anandamath, which was finally put on the back burner. But now, if all goes well, the actor duo will be seen in Nobel Chor director Suman Ghosh's Ringtone, which will start rolling next year. While films have to wait, the duo recently signed up as the brand ambassadors of a real estate major at a city hotel.Talking about taking things slow, Prosenjit said, \"I tend to endorse very selectively as I need to relate to the brand and believe in it.\" On associating herself with the brand, Arpita added, \"Everyone dreams of a perfect partner, family and home. Typically in my home, I prefer to relax and have some sanctity. Buying a home is not merely a financial decision, it has an impact on our emotional well-being as well.\"Prosenjit, meanwhile, is all geared up to leave for Europe on November 5. The actor will begin shooting for Rupali Chatterjee's film, Porichoy, major parts of which will be shot in London. In the film, he will be seen pairing up with a phirang actress. The film is about a father-daughter relationship. \"Ami ekhon sudhu bideshi actressder sathei kaj korchhi,\" he wisecracked. Incidentally, he has been cast opposite a German actress in Gaurav Pandey's Hanuman.com. While his diary is chock-a-block with both Tollywood and Bollywood films, the actor is also excited about the release of Bapi Bari Jaa.\"I discovered a mine of talent in this film. The youngsters can give the senior actors a run for their money. Mimi and Arjun, who made waves in Gaaner Oparey are back with a bang on the big screen with this film. The best part is that the audience will be able to relate to all the characters.\"Dressed in identical tees and jeans, the couple had the shutterbugs going crazy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17086976", "title": "I don't like to be personality 24 hours a day: Carlos Santana", "text": "... says Carlos Santana , the Mexican and American rock guitarist, during his India tourYou are known for your signature technique, could you please share the journey of how you moved towards to that certain sound?Through my entire career, I have realized that it is important to stay focused, that is the key word. Einstein and Sri Aurobindo were geniuses who were able to accomplish a lot because of this focus. From Leonardo da Vinci to Picasso - focus is the key to success. It is a light inside you. The sound I have is symbiotic and it cuts across geographies and generations.You seem to have a spiritual connection that transcends the ordinary, please tell us more on that...It is the purity of innocence, the complexity of simplicity. It is important to remember that everything needs to be treated in a fresh manner. There has to be a virgin energy, which is what makes everything fresh. I stay a virgin through it all.Considering that India's is known as the land of spirituality, what have your thoughts been on the country and on visiting India?I feel inspired, grateful and honoured indeed. I think Indian music is very profound, it also has humour. But I like the ragas, meditation music and Indian music - it is like exercising. You have to surrender your mind to peacefulness.It will come out next year. It is all about spiritual triumph , and away from the usual tradition of shallow predictable juicy stories. It is more about sharing with the spiritual mechanics and how I was able to grow. My whole life has been one spiritual victory after another. People should know what makes you resilient.What's the secret to your super-cool hats/fashion?It is all about women, it is important to keep the females happy. I go for a beautiful look. Great colour, symmetry, fashion, women need what they need.You proposed to your drummer girlfriend at a concert according to news reports, can you tell us more?Cindy is an amazing person, who is very focused and independent, and yet is very soft and feminine. She brings to me joy. I don't feel like I need to perform - its natural and simple-just as natural as drinking water. We can still look each other's eyes across the table and there is chemistry.You have performed in several places across the globe. How would you describe that feeling?I go into a trance or it's like meditation when I am performing on stage. It's very important that my band has focus and I am like a ring leader who likes to shape the symmetry of emotions. There has to be genuine honesty in what I do. I am more focused and energetic on stage. I don't like to be a personality 24 hours a day.What has guided you through such a fabulous career and life?It is important to be present with love and caring. Somehow I am 65, and it is not impossible to create music with Lady Gaga , or Adele , or any contemporary artiste as long as it is the right song. My mother taught me conviction - I still see my parents guiding me - and play with all my heart.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "17082731", "title": "Nongkrem Dance Festival celebrated near Pine City", "text": "SHILLONG: The annual festival of Nongkrem Dance was celebrated amid traditional fervour and gaiety at Smit village, the cultural centre of the Khasi Hills, 20 kilometers from here, on Saturday.The five-day long religious festival of the Khasis takes place at the 'Iing Sad' (thatched palace), the royal abode of the Syiem Sad, Queen Mother or High Priestess of the state of Khyrim. Dressed up in royal regalia, the festival was presided over by the Khyrim king, Balajied Syiem, along with chief minister Mukul Sangma.The high priest and the Syiem performed the Pomblang ceremony and offered oblation to Lei Shyllong, the god of Shillong peak, by sacrificing a cock. An important part of the festival is Pomblang or sacrifice of goats followed by offerings to the ancestors of the ruling clan.The Nongkrem dance is performed by unmarried girls decked up in traditional costumes and ornaments. The silver or gold crowns that the maidens wear signify the glory and dignity of the Khasi matrilineal society.Young men holding swords and white yak hair whisks in their hands also dance to the tunes of drums and Tangmuri (pipes).Over the years, the Nongkrem Dance festival has been attracting large number of tourists, both domestic and foreign. \"Though there is no official count of the footfalls, the number of visitors has been on the rise,\" said one of the volunteers at the festival. \"A large number of people from various states of the country come here every year besides enthusiasts from foreign countries,\" he added.\"The Dorbar of Hima Khyrim has put up huge billboards exhorting tourists to visit Smit and take part in the festivity,\" he pointed out. The festival is performed to appease Goddess Ka Blei Synshar for the prosperity of the people and a good harvest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17082183", "title": "Revisiting Madurai, through the art of storytelling", "text": "MADURAI: Hundreds of people walk through the busy Elukadal (Seven Seas) Street near the renowned Meenakshi Amman Temple in Madurai every day. But it is unsure how many of them are actually aware of the legend behind the street's name.When Akila Raman narrated the story behind the name, it not only brought smiles among a group of attentive listeners, but they also got to experience story telling at its best. Lord Shiva brought together Seven Seas and created a spring so that his mother-in-law, Kanjanamala, mother of Goddess Meenakshi, could attain mukthi without rebirth, she said.It was one among the many stories about the ancient city narrated by Akila Raman of Storytrails India, a Chennai-based organization, in Madurai on Saturday. The pre-historic tales of Lord Shiva and the celestial wedding of Goddess Meenakshi surrounding Madurai were brought to life during the short walk titled 'Once upon a Madurai' organised by Storytrails. The leisurely walk was not only through the streets of Madurai but also through thousands of years of the city's history, said one of the organisers. The walk touched upon places like Meenakshi Amman temple, Puthu Mandapam and Vitta Vasal with each place explained with an interesting story derived from history, mythology, folklore to bring back the events.Akila Raman said storytelling was the best way to explore a city and when explained through stories, the audience tend to remember them for long, rather than when presented with facts. \"What we would like the guest to carry home are dozens of charming stories but embedded in them are little bits of information - historical, mythological or the reasons behind local customs and traditions,\" Akila said.For many in the audience, such storytelling was a new experience. Elena Lynch, a student from the US said she could learn a lot on the city and all the information was not available collectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17082302", "title": "Artistic tribute to Bhatti from Nov 11", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Come another week and Chandigarh Sangeet Natak Akademi will pay an artistic tribute to the king of satire Jaspal Bhatti. Starting November 11, CSNA would begin with a seven-day seventh Annual Chandigarh Theatre Festival at Tagore Theatre in Sector 18, dedicated to the memory of Jaspal Bhatti along with two more theatre personalities Dinesh Thakur and A K Hangal, who also passed away this year. \"We have lost gems that took art to a completely different level. They were artists in true sense and excellent in whatever they did. Thus, we decided to dedicate this festival to these artists whose presence would be missed in the field of dramatics always,\" said Kamal Tiwari, chairman CSNA.Also this festival season will focus on promoting both regional and Hindi language theatre of this region. Seven Theatre Groups will be participating in the festival showcasing stories of love, hatred, separation, Partition, corruption and relationships.The festival would open with \"Yeh ishq nahi aasan\" directed and adapted by K N S Sekhon on November 11. It is a story mainly revolving around three people in different shape of mind and trapped in different shades of love.Next would be staging of \"Nithalle ki diary\" under the direction of Sudesh Sharma on November 12. It is a play adapted from a series of short stories written by the noted satirist and humourist of modern Hindi literature Harishankar Parsai. The drama highlights the deteriorating ethics, corruption and the superstition prevalent in the present society.On November 14, play \"Shaweta jivit hai\" directed by Jagdish Chandra Tiwari would be staged. The play is based on a mafia gang leader and other bureaucrat officer who were involved in business of alcohol and drugs, which ruined the life of a common man.Play \"Baldey Tibbey\" directed by Umesh Kant would be staged on November 15. One of the most enduring plays of the greatest American playwright, Eugene O, Neill \"Desire under the elms\", adapted in Punjabi with the name of \"Baldey Tibbey\" by Balwant Gargi. The story has been invested with a typically Punjabi dimension tragedy involving a farmer's lust for \"zar\", \"zoru\" and \"zamin\".Followed by this would be the play \"Bobby breaker\" directed by Geeta Aggarwal Sharma on November 16. Story is about the struggle of a young boy Vishwas Joshi - whose pet name is Bobby. He is a hardworking, sincere and talented guy working in bank but suffers from inferiority complex due stammering. Because of which people call him \"Bobby breaker\". But Bobby is lucky to have a friend, narrator of the play, who cares for him.On November 17, play \"Hum to aise hi hain\" directed by Manish Joshi Bismil will be staged. This is a heart rendering story of an artist's relationship with his art. The play gives a message that an artist never dies but art and talent dies. Manish Joshi Bismil aptly portrays an artist's ambitions, social stigmas, struggles and the ultimate triumph of the relationship that an artist shares with his craft.Last in the row would be the staging of the play \" Karmawali\" under the direction of Sunita Dhir and Gursharn. Written by K L Zakir, the play depicts the tragedy of Partition of India. It reflects the trauma of a woman who faces the horrible moment at that time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "kolkata/jhargram", "code": "17082245", "title": "Surrendered rebels at CM's house", "text": "KOLKATA/JHARGRAM: Two surrendered Maoists - one of whom was Kishanji's bodyguard - gave the police top brass a tense time when they escaped from their safe house in Midnapore and landed in front of chief minister Mamata Banerjee's residence in Kalighat on Saturday.Chiranjib Mahato alias Lambu and Sukhdeb Mahato alias Badal were dreaded names in the Lalgarh-Salboni area before they accepted the Mamata government's surrender package. They had come to meet the CM on Saturday to complain that they were being deprived of their dues in the rehabilitation package.They had not only dodged the guards at their safe house in Midnapore but also travelled nearly 130km unchecked and even made it into one of the most protected areas of the city. Policemen posted near Mamata's home noticed the duo loitering around 9.30am and questioned them.As soon as they disclosed their identity, they were whisked away to the state intelligence branch headquarters.After being questioned for several hours, they were taken to the CM at Writers' Buildings in the evening. Mamata heard them out and promised proper action, say sources. Lambu and Badal were then taken back to Midnapore.Senior officers attached with the rehabilitation of surrendered Maoists said the duo had some misconception about their package. But officers in charge of the safe house, remained silent on how two dreaded rebels managed to escape from such a high security zone and managed to reach Kolkata.Lambu and Badal had struck terror during the Lalgarh upsurge. Lambu was a close aide of Kishanji and one of his most trusted guards. A Class X dropout, he had joined the Maoist brigade in 2008 and rose to be 'divisional commander' in charge of Lalgarh-Kantapahari. He married Maoist squad member Anima alias Usha. On February 7 this year, the couple surrendered before IG (west) Gangeswar Singh.Badal was accused in six cases, including the murder of CPM leader Anil Mahato. On January 12, during the youth festival in Jhargram, he surrendered before Mamata.Lambu and Badal were being trained as drivers in the Midnapore police lines.Under the rehabilitation package, each surrendered rebel is supposed to get Rs 1.5 lakh that is deposited in a bank and cannot be withdrawn for two years. During this time, the government will provide them vocational training and pay them a monthly stipend of Rs 2000 stipend for three years.Lambu and Badal alleged that they were not getting their stipend regularly and neither had they been given the documents related to their fixed deposit, say sources. So they fled from the safe house on Friday night. \"They were last seen around 8pm in Midnapore. We are inquiring how they escaped,\" said an officer.Home secretary Basudeb Banrejee said the duo had returned to Midnapore in the evening. \"They are now satisfied after speaking to us,\" he said.Sources said that the duo requested the chief minister to provide them jobs in the police or at least as home guards. Mamata reportedly assured them that government would consider their pleas. Sources said that CM asked her officers to inquire why they have not received the documents of their fixed deposit. She also told officers to take measures to regularize the stipend.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17081649", "title": "'Prevent dengue on war footing'", "text": "PATNA: The state urban development and housing department on Friday issued a direction to all the civic bodies to start sanitation work and clear waterlogging on war footing to prevent dengue.All the municipal corporations, nagar parishads and nagar panchayats have been asked to intensify fogging in their respective areas. Fogging machines have been made available to all the government medical colleges and hospitals. Dengue prevention kits have also been given to them.According to a report of the health department, three persons have died due to dengue in the state- one in Gaya and two in Siwan; while of the 420 suspected cases, 249 have been confirmed positive so far. The Aedes aegypti mosquitoes, that cause dengue, usually bite during daytime and they are born in fresh water.Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) officials said, \"Two fogging machines at New Capital and Kankarbagh circles are in working condition. The two other have been sent for repair. Fogging timing has also been increased from 2pm to 10pm in every ward.\" PMC sanitation workers are sprinkling kerosene oil in areas having stagnant water, an official said, adding, waterlogging and encroachments over drains add to the problem. However residents counter the PMC's claim. \"PMC has failed to check the spread of dengue. Fogging hardly takes place in the city,\" said Kamla Kant, a Sultanganj resident.In districts like Sheikhpura, Rohtas, Jehanabad and Darbhanga, the machines have not even been provided, while in Siwan, Vaishali and Nawada, they are inadequate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17080919", "title": "Pro-reform push in Congress show of strength today", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress will hold a massive rally on Sunday to defend its decision to allow FDI in multi-brand retail, in what will showcase government's new assertiveness on reforms and the backing extended by the Congress brass in the face of populist criticism that giant retailers will harm farmers' interests and pop and mom stores.The party has, especially its units in Delhi and neighbouring Haryana, have pulled out all stops to ensure an impressive turnout at the event which is being seen as leadership's desire to fight its way out of the troubles that have beset the UPA regime.Although the rally will also mark a retaliatory strike against Opposition's offensive on corruption and other issues, it stands apart from similar political shows because of the bold advocacy for the reforms measure. Although dithering on the cap on subsidized cooking gas and support price for wheat may suggest that the FDI decision is not the swallow which will make for a reforms summer, the rally marks a clear break from the more typical \"reforms-by-stealth\" approach favoured by the political establishment.It has been conceived as an unapologetic statement, the tone having been set by Sonia who has said FDI will link farmers to markets while lower prices will benefit consumers. She has attacked BJP for being \"anti-farmer\".The droves, who are to be ferried by buses from Delhi and Haryana, are also expected to a demonstration of party's plan to take the battle over corruption and other issues to the rivals' turf.At the receiving end of a barrage of attacks from foes ranging from Opposition BJP to anti-graft activists, the Congress leadership is expected to use to platform for hitting back at critics by defending UPA's performance and rebutting corruption charges at a rally here on Sunday.Along with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Congress chief Sonia Gandhi , Rahul Gandhi is billed to be the star draw at the show of strength. Coming among indications of his imminent elevation, the rally will be an important platform for Rahul Gandhi. His comments on raging controversies regarding corruption scandals, reforms, welfare initiatives like bills for land acquisition and rehabilitation and food security are eagerly awaited.Aware that the meeting is a much anticipated moment, a galaxy of senior ministers, the \"Rahul brigade\" and organizational bosses are expected to attend the rally at Delhi's landmark Ram Lila Ground.The buzz over the rally has sharpened as it comes in the wake of fresh allegations of improper use of party funds in a trust run by Sonia and Rahul, India against corruption charges of tainted land deals involving Sonia's son-in-law Robert Vadra and controversies like Coalgate.Congress's defence against corruption charges was partly outlined by Sonia in rallies in Karnataka and Himachal Pradesh where she charged BJP with being insincere on corruption \u00e2\u20ac\u201d exposes on Nitin Gadkari's business affairs allowing the ruling party to hit back at its rival. On the other hand, Congress has pointed to resignations of leaders tainted by corruption as evidence of its sensitivity to the scourge.Congress needs to strongly fight back on corruption as allegations of sweet heart deals and crony capitalism threaten to hurt its effort to pitch reforms as the need of the hour to beat a global slowdown and ensure high levels of growth to fund welfare programmes and boost employment.At the same time, the consensus on reforms can be shaken as Sonia's intervention in hiking the bar for land acquisition and a quick midnight rollback on hike in cooking gas prices makes all too clear. New oil minister Veerappa Moily has hinted that the six cylinder cap on LPG can also be relaxed.Sonia is keenly conscious of her commitment to \"pro-poor\" schemes and her projection as a caring mother figure among the disadvantaged sections. She has been skeptical of measures to exclude or prune beneficiaries of welfare programme on the grounds that such efforts only end up hurting the needy and dispossessed.Welfare impulses are likely to reassert themselves periodically while the PM and finance minister P Chidambaram are insistent that there can be no slackening in the reforms process, arguing stunted growth will cripple UPA in the next general election.The forceful advocacy of reforms as being needed not only to stave off a damaging sovereign downgrade at the hands of rating agencies but to also to ensure purported vote getting programmes like rural roads, drinking water, housing, food security, health and urban renewal are not strangled by lack of funds has proved effective so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17081739", "title": "Veteran BJP leader Kailashpati Mishra passes away", "text": "PATNA: Veteran BJP leader, former governor of Gujarat and Rajasthan and former finance minister of Bihar, Kailashpati Mishra, passed away on Saturday. He was 90 and was not keeping good health for some time. A number of politicians belonging to different parties condoled his death. His funeral will take place with state honour at Bans Ghat on Sunday evening.Expressing his grief, CM Nitish Kumar rushed to Kailash Kunj in Kautilya Nagar in the state capital to pay his last respect to the departed leader. He said with Mishra's death, a chapter of the Indian politics closed. He said Mishra nurtured political workers and he would be remembered for his services to the society for about seven decades. He always held high positions in the Jansangh and the BJP. Despite his poor health, he would take keen interest in the ongoing developments in body politics. His stature was bigger than a governor or a minister, the CM said in his condolence message.The CM said he was introduced to Mishra's name when he was a student. \"We should take inspiration from his life and works,\" said Nitish who spent an hour consoling the bereaved family and ordered the DM for arranging state funeral for the departed leader.Deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi said Mishra was Ajatshatru of politics and the father figure in BJP. He nurtured the small BJP plant into a big tree and became its most popular leader.Chairman, Bihar legislative council, Awadhesh Narayan Singh, leader of opposition Abdul Bari Siddiqui, road construction minister Nandkishore Yadav, art and culture minister Sukhda Pandey, cooperative minister Ramadhar Singh, BJP's deputy leader in Rajya Sabha Ravishankar Prasad, Radha Mohan Singh , Ramkripal Yadav, Jagdish Sharma, state BJP chief C P Thakur, state RJD president Ramchandra Purbe, former minister Ramashray Prasad Singh and a number of legislators and other leaders paid their respect to Mishra. BPCC chief Mehboob Ali Kaiser, CLP leader Sadanand Singh and vice-president of Citizens' Council Bhola Prasad Singh also mourned Mishra.Mishra was born on October 5, 1923, at village Dudharchak in Buxar. He joined Quit India Movement in 1942 as a student and was arrested. He started his career as RSS Pracharak in 1945 in Bhojpur, Patna and other districts. He was elected to the state assembly for the first time in 1977 and became finance minister in Karpoori Thakur's cabinet. In 1980, he was elected the first state BJP president and went to Rajya Sabha in 1984. He was also the national vice-president of BJP before becoming the governor of Gujarat in May 2003. He also served as acting governor of Rajasthan for over four months during that period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17086325", "title": "Fifth U-15 Asian Baseball Championship to begin on Monday", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Preparations are in full swing for the fifth Under-15 Asian Baseball Championship for Boys commencing at Cuttack on Monday.Six top ranking countries in Asia - Pakistan, Japan, Korea, Chinese Taipei, Thailand besides hosts India - would vie for supremacy in the week-long tourney.Organised jointly by Odisha Baseball Association (OBA) and Amateur Baseball Federation of India, the mega event would be held at the Ravenshaw University ground.The Cuttack district administration and Odisha government were providing all necessary help for smooth conduct of the event being organised for the first time in the state, OBA Secretary Sibananda Pradhan said.Arrangements have been made to put up the participating players and officials at Bhubaneswar, he said adding about Rs one crore is being spent for organising the championship.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17081773", "title": "Four held for cloning credit cards", "text": "HYDERABAD: Central Crime Station (CCS) sleuths on Saturday arrested four persons for cloning credit cards and duping several banks. They also seized 80 cloned credit cards, 12 swiping machines and a computer along with a printer and a skimmer machine.Police arrested Varun Sadh, 31, owner of Sri Krishna sarees on Mahankali Street, Jitender Agarwal, 28, a service manager of credit card swiping machines at 1{+s}{+t} Data India (P) Ltd, Begum Bazar,M Nani Babu, 30, a credit card sales executive with State Bank of India's Paradise branch and K Raju, 29, proprietor of RKS PIN Service (direct sales associates), attached to HDFC Bank .Briefing the media on Saturday, additional commissioner of police (crime) Mohd Ahsan Reza said that the fraud came to light when an SBI credit card division employee, Vishal, lodged a complaint with Ramgopalpet police. In the complaint, he stated that a customer, Himanshu Bisla, had found his name on the defaulters' list of CBIL although he had never owned a SBI credit card.Moreover, he used to receive calls from SBI credit card wing asking him to clear his dues.Ramgopalpet police registered the case and later transferred it to the CCS detective department. During investigation, sleuths found that Nani Babu had obtained five credit cards with names of different persons with his address and caused a loss of Rs 4 lakh to the bank. On further investigation, the CCS sleuths discovered that Varun Sadh, who runs sari/textiles business, used to encourage persons carrying stolen/missing cards swipe the cards at his shop and issue amount to them on three to five per cent commission without purchasing any material at his shop.Police said Sadh had chosen a new method of forgery for obtaining credit card data of innocent customers without their knowledge. The Addl CP said about two years ago Varun Sadh had purchased a skimmer machine from Bangkok and fabricated fake credit cards and later claimed that his credit card was used by unknown persons and claimed refund of Rs 1.80 from banks. Further, he prepared fake identity proof, telephone bills, driving licences, registration certificate of commercial tax offices, Form III and IV of labour officers to obtain swipe machines to increase his revenue.Jitender Agarawal, who was working for ICICI Bank , used to issue swipe machines to Varun based on fake documents. Nani Babu and Raju, who used to exchange rejected credit card applicants data, obtained credit cards on their names by using the data. They used to swipe the credit cards at Varun's shop and collect the money, the police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17082963", "title": "Green concern fair, not dignity argument", "text": "If the government wants to ban plastic flags because of environmental concerns it may have a point. As part of a larger move to minimize the use of plastics, such a move could make sense. However, to impose a ban on the grounds that the dignity of the flag is compromised by plastic flags which are often discarded on the ground after use seems a dubious logic. Little paper or cloth flags could just as well meet the same fate. Also, anything that allows the aam admi to proudly and voluntarily display the flag enhances its prestige, it does not belittle it. Mass produced flags are likely to be discarded but they also symbolize the genuine desire of citizens to wear their nationalism on their sleeve, as it were.Related article : Ban plastic tricolours, says MHA", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17082666", "title": "College bans cellphones, makes scarves mandatory", "text": "KANPUR: The management of an aided Muslim girls' college in Chamanganj area of the city has instructed its teachers to implement a ban on cellphone use and made it mandatory for students to wear headscarves within the college.\"Students from junior to intermediate classes have been prohibited from bringing cellphones and asked to wear headscarves,\" said Abdul Haseeb Iraqi, general secretary of a Muslim association under which the college is being run.The college principal and teachers has been asked to confiscate the handsets if the students violate the cellphone ban. \"We have been instructed by the college authorities to enlighten the students and their parents on the ill-effects of using mobile phones. Besides, headscarves have been made mandatory,\" said a school teacher requesting anonymity. If the students want to convey any messages, they are required to approach the college principal who will take appropriate steps in this regard, she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17081071", "title": "Strategic areas to get quick launch bridges", "text": "NEW DELHI: Border Roads Organization (BRO) wants second generation \"quick launch bridges\" to accelerate supply of machinery and material for major infrastructure projects in border areas, particularly in strategic regions. At present, it builds bailey bridges like the one that the Army built near the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium here after an under construction foot over bridge had collapsed. While such bridges are of single lane and can carry 20-25 tonnes, the second generation ones are two lanes that can carry 70-80 tonnes.\"We need to build such second generation bridges of 60-70 meters in tough terrains. These are crucial for transporting machineries and materials to the sites,\" said BRO director-general Lt General S Ravi Shankar . As the name suggests, these pre-engineered bridges can be built in hours in case of any emergency, including force mobilization.DG of BRO Lt General (retd) A K Puri said that India needs to build at least 35 km of bridges in strategically critical regions, particularly in the north-east. \"These bridges are of 60, 100 or 200 metres. You need to put more funds and adopt new models for faster construction,\" he added.Addressing a workshop on these issues on Saturday, highways minister C P Joshi also said, \"We have challenging ground conditions in places like Uttarakhand, Jammu &amp; Kashmir or the northern and eastern parts of India which are prone to landslides and have hostile terrain. In these areas, the pre-engineered and quick launch bridges can be of big help.\"He added that innovative technique of building large number of components in short span of time at low cost in the sector is fast picking up across the world. \"In countries like the United States of America , Japan, France, Germany, the Netherlands and Belgium , this technique of building bridges is widely used,\" he said.Railway Board chairman Vinay Mittal also said that bridges are vital for railways and that 33,000 bridges on rail network are more than 100 years old. \"Evolution of technologies that facilitate quick construction of bridges on a running line would be a welcome step,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "17083301", "title": "'Krishna's return won't affect JD(S)'", "text": "DHARWAD: The return of S M Krishna to state politics will not have any impact on JD(S), former chief minister H D Kumaraswamy said on Friday.Speaking to reporters in Dharwad, he said the forthcoming elections was a competition between JD(S) and Congress and BJP was not its competitor. \"People are disgusted with both BJP and Congress. B S Yeddyurappa's decision to quit BJP or remain in it does little impact on our poll prospects,\" he said.The former chief minister also said the party would not base its poll campaign on highlighting the follies of the BJP and the Congress, but would instead focus on the plans designed for developing the state and the welfare of people.He exuded confidence that his party would throw a surprise and prove all political analysts, who are speculating a hung assembly, wrong. He said his party would emerge as the single largest party with a clear majority of 145 seats. \"The JD(S) has learnt from its experience with both the Congress and the BJP. I have also learnt from what some legislators elected on JD(S) ticket did afterwards. There is no question of us supporting either Congress or BJP or KJP to form the government. Either we will form the government on our own or sit in the Opposition,\" he asserted.Stating that the present political scenario had thrown a major challenge to him Kumarswamy said he would convert it into an opportunity to bring the party to power.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17081098", "title": "Swamy asks Election Commission to derecognize Congress", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after Congress said that it had loaned money to Associated Journals, Janata Party leader Subramanian Swamy latched on what he called \"written admission\" to ask Election Commission (EC) to de-recognize Congress as a political party.Swamy alleged that lending of Rs 90 crore by the Congress to Associated Journals Pvt Ltd (AJPL), publisher of now-defunct National Herald newspaper, was illegal and violation of the Income Tax Act and the Representation of the People Act for which it was liable to be de-recognized.In his letter to the EC, the Janata Party leader, a member of NDA who is close to the RSS, quoted from the statement Congress general secretary Janardan Dwivedi issued on Friday. In his statement, Dwivedi had acknowledged that Congress did pay Rs 90 crore to AJPL, but defended the action by saying that \"it was in furtherance of its (Congress's) object and its political activities\". Dwivedi said that support to AJPL had been a matter for pride for Congress. He also emphasized that the loan to AJPL was interest free \"from which no commercial profit has accrued to the Indian National Congress \".Swamy told the EC that this loan was in violation of the Guidelines and Rules that has to be mandatorily followed by political parties for registration as well as recognition. \"Section 29A to C of the RPA (1951) and Section 13A of the IT Act (1961) do not make any provision for a political party to extend loans to companies, with or without interest,\" he cited.The Janata Party leader, who had a meeting with RSS leaders in Nagpur earlier this week, said rules and guidelines are unambiguous that\" political parties must use funds for its political activity only\". In his two-page letter, Swamy has also pointed out to the punishment meted out to the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI), which as a charitable institution enjoyed income tax exemption, for loaning money to IPL, a commercial venture. He cited a statement by Ajay Maken, the former minister of state for sports in the Lok Sabha in May, saying that the I-T had imposed a tax liability of Rs 118 crore and Rs 257.12 crore on BCCI for 2007-08 and 2009, after the loan details emerged.\"Applying the ratio of this decision, the Congress party has prima facie committed an offence under the electoral law as well as the Income-tax law for which it is necessary for you to hold hearings,\" Sway told the EC.The issue has a direct bearing on Congress chief Sonia Gandhi and the party general secretary Rahul Gandhi. Swamy has alleged that the control of the AJPL, with assets worth Rs 1,600 crore according to him, was passed on to Young Indian, a non-profit company floated by the Gandhis.He has alleged that Sonia and Rahul had received Rs 90 crore worth of shares of AJPL in lieu of the loan Congress had given to the ailing firm.This has also opened a new front in the Congress's widening confrontation with the BJP in the build up to the 2014 parliamentary polls. BJP leader Arun Jaitley had on Friday asked Congress to specifically explain whether it had extended loan to AJPL.Taking the field for Congress again, Dwivedi defended party's loan to AJPL, saying that it was not commercial and was meant for promoting ideology of Mahatma Gandhi and Jawaharlal Nehru. The Congress general secretary said that the party performed only its \"political dharma\" by extending financial assistance to AJPL, adding that it cannot allow others to determine what kind of political work it should do.BJP, however, scoffed at the rival for invoking party's history and ideology to defend the violation of the rule which barred a party from extending loan to a commercial entity. Party spokesperson Nirmala Sitharaman said that by dropping names of Jawaharlal Nehru and Mahatama Gandhi, Congress cannot justify a \"wrongdoing\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17081394", "title": "Man found dead hours after he called home about threat", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trader was found dead near his residence in southwest Delhi under mysterious circumstances. The family of the deceased, Manoj (22), claims that he had been murdered by one of the relatives. Adding to the twist, the deceased had reportedly called up at his home on Friday and said that he could be murdered. His body was found at Khayala on Saturday morning.A case of murder has been registered, said police, and further investigations are on to ascertain if it was a case of homicide. \"We are waiting for the postmortem report to come to any conclusion,'' said an investigating officer.Talking to TOI, the Manoj's brother Sonu said that his brother ran a small moulding unit. \"One of our relatives had recently bought goods Rs 10,000 from my brother. However, a couple of days later, this relative came back and told us that the products were not genuine and that he wanted his money back. My brother refused his claim saying that all the goods were genuine. This lead to an enmity between the two. On Friday, Manoj called us and told my mother Ganga Devi that he might be killed. We searched all night and found his body near our house. His body bore sharp injury marks,'' said Sonu. The postmortem was carried out at DDU Hospital to ascertain the exact time of death.A man's headless body was found inside a house in southwest Delhi's Bindapur on Saturday. The neighbours made a PCR call after they noticed the body on the floor. The man appears to be between 25-30 years. According to police, the man had come as a tenant in the house ten days ago. The statement of the landlady is awaited as she is out of town. A case of murder has been registered at the Bindapur police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17082168", "title": "Feeling 'positive' despite the trauma", "text": "MADURAI: Festivals light up the lives of the 12 children in Arulagam, a hospice for HIV/AIDS-affected, as the death of the elders who are there with them is something they see regularly. Christmas is something they look forward to, but with Diwali round the corner, these children are already elated at the thought of fireworks and feasts.According to Jane Arulselvi, project coordinator of this hospice, most of the children like Mani and Sudhakar became permanent inmates of the hospice, which was established by a British social worker Margret Addicot in 1997. The boys had come with their mother, who was shunned by her relatives after her husband succumbed to AIDS. She died soon after coming to Arulagam, making the boys orphans. Addicot had come as a member of a Christian mission to serve people with cancer way back in 1997, when she noticed that there were an alarming number of persons affected by HIV/AIDS and established the hospice.The Tamil Nadu State AIDS Control Society (TANSACS) provides Rs 18 lakh annually to help this home serve 10 of its inmates and also meet their medical costs. But the welfare of many others who come here seeking to make it their home in the last days of life is met through donations from philanthropists. The TANSACS fund also goes towards the salaries of the 11 staff members. Many of them come from very poor families but everything is done to ensure that the terminally ill live comfortably towards the end, according to Arulselvi.Jaya, a 12-year-old, had come with her father three months ago. The man, whose condition was fast deteriorating, had not told the staff at Arulagam anything about himself, except for the fact that he was an engineer. His little girl too kept mum, refusing to speak at all. When her father died, leaving behind just a diary with some numbers, the home could not reach out to any relative because all the numbers belonged to building contractors who had employed Jaya's father for a brief period. They too could not give any details of his life. After the father's death, however, the girl was counselled and she told them that she had done her third standard in Puducherry, after which she was admitted to a local school with the help of police as she did not have any records with her. Before coming here, the girl had lived in and out of hotels , where her father stayed while working in some place, exhausting the money he got as advance from his contractors.All 12 of these children attend schools in the five-km radius of the hospice and say they love school, and that the teachers and classmates are very friendly. Kumar, who came to this home as an infant, where he was orphaned after the immediate death of his mother, is today a robust 15-year-old, with a good CD4 count. His dream is to get a good job.Christmas is the biggest and grandest celebration in this hospice, but Diwali is also celebrated with fireworks and a good feast. These children look forward to these celebrations.\"Dindigul has about 300 children who need a home, help or medicine and we are ready to help but need funds and donations. We encourage relatives of the terminally ill patients to come and stay with them at the last stages of their life because there is nothing more that these patients want,\" adds Arulselvi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17081033", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcMid-day meal rice illegally diverted\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "MUMBAI: Barely 24 hours after a Supreme Court report raised questions over a supplementary nutrition programme to fight child malnutrition in the state, another meal-for-kids scheme got mired in controversy on Saturday.On Friday, a raid was started on Patel Cold Storage, a private warehouse in Turbhe, and another unit in Koparkhairane, owned by Ace International. Following the exercise, the office of the controller of rationing and director of civil supplies claimed that rice meant for the mid-day meal scheme in schools in Mumbai and surrounding areas had been illegally diverted and stockpiled there. Three persons\u00e2\u20ac\u201ddirectors of Wellworth Foods Private Ltd Imran and Shakil Patel who own the Turbhe warehouse and Ace International's owner Pankaj Thakkar\u00e2\u20ac\u201dhave been arrested. Cases have been registered under sections 7, 8 and 10 of the Essential Commodities Act and violations to the public distribution system and the school nutrition programme.About 15,267 bags, with a total amount of 7,634 quintal rice, worth over Rs 2 crore in open market, were confiscated during the raid. Warehouse officials told the police that they had been holding the stock since June 2012.The rice was reportedly being transported to the warehouse at the behest of an NGO, Iskcon Food Relief Foundation (IFRF), an official contractor for the mid-day meal scheme that caters to schools in Mumbai, Wada, Mira Road and Palghar. Its purchase manager Sunil Kumar Party has also been named an accused but is yet to be arrested. Officials said the warehouse records showed that 15,458 bags (7,728 quintal rice) were transported at IFRF's behest from Food Corporation of India (FCI) godowns to the warehouse. Its programme managing director H G Radha Krishna Das has, however, denied the allegations. Das also denied the charge that around 191 bags (15,458-15,267) of rice might have already been sold.With the department claiming that IFRF's monthly intake was 2,981 quintal, rationing controller Ashwini Joshi said \"excessive storage\" was not in the spirit of the school nutrition programme, which ruled that the rice should be directly lifted from FCI godowns to contractor's central kitchen. \"We are often forced to lift excess quota. We have sought official intervention,\" Das said, adding that government officials were aware that the IFRF had been using the Navi Mumbai warehouse for several years.Das also claimed that Ace International was among three firms that clean the rice as the FCI stock often had bird droppings. Joshi argued that her department didn't find any cleaning unit at Ace. She alleged it was a \"polishing\" unit. Though the department claimed that FCI rice was polished and repacked before sold in market, Das said FCI's packing was not good and so, the rice had to be repacked. Joshi also questioned the need for fumigating the rice.IFRF has alleged that a few women's groups, opposed to IFRF bagging further contracts, could be behind it, a claim which Joshi denied.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "lewis hamilton capped off a brilliant weekend so far for mclaren by qualifying on pole for sunday's abu dhabi grand prix. hamilton eked out a stunning lap of 1", "code": "17087983", "title": "Those extra-tenths came from my family, says Lewis Hamilton", "text": "Lewis Hamilton capped off a brilliant weekend so far for McLaren by qualifying on pole for Sunday's Abu Dhabi Grand Prix. Hamilton eked out a stunning lap of 1:40.630 in Q3 to snatch away pole from the Red Bulls.The 2008 world champion credited that something extra to his family. \"Those extra three-tenths came from my family! Our car works incredibly well around here.Our aero package really suits this track; the set-up was perfect, and everything came together perfectly for qualifying. My lap felt really great \u00e2\u20ac\u201d I enjoyed it so much. I love this track!\" Hamilton said after the qualifying session on Saturday.Hamilton, after driving all his F1 career for McLaren, will be shifting to Mercedes GP at the end of this season. \"Still, I'm realistic: the race tomorrow is going to be tough. At the start, it's down to the team to make sure the clutch performs perfectly because the getaway will be incredibly important.Our race pace is very strong, but so is Red Bull's \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and staying ahead will be tough, particularly with the double DRS zones,\" the 2008 champion said.\"I really want to finish on a high for McLaren. I'll give it everything I've got tomorrow,\" he added.His teammate Jenson Button has kept pace with him all weekend but had a relatively poor qualifying session on Saturday. Button only managed to qualify sixth fastest but will be elevated to fifth with Red Bull's Sebastian Vettel sent to the back of the grid by the stewards.\"I shouldn't really be starting this far back. All weekend, I've been pretty happy with the car, but, for some reason, we just couldn't find the pace in qualifying \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and we don't know why,\" Button said.\"Obviously, our car is very quick around here - Lewis put it on pole by quite a margin - so there's some more time to find. While starting fifth will make the race more difficult, there are two good DRS overtaking zones, so hopefully there'll be plenty of overtaking.Also, our race pace has looked good all weekend, so I'm still feeling optimistic,\" the 2009 champion with Brawn GP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17084980", "title": "Shahid Kapoor bonds with half-brother Ishaan", "text": "Shahid Kapoor who is very close to Ishaan took his brother and his friends for a spin in his brand new red Jaguar.Shahid Kapoor loves his younger brother Ishaan and always makes it a point to be there for him. Few days ago when he was performing for a show for Shiamak Davar, Shahid Kapoor made it a point to make some time from rehearsals and attend his show.\"Recently on Ishaan's birthday, Shahid Kapoor took a whole day off to celebrate and just chill with him the whole day. Shahid just did all the things his young brother loves and indulged his friends and him\", reveals a close friend of Shahid Kapoor.Shahid Kapoor who starts his shoot for Phata Poster Nikla Hero with makers of Ajab Prem Ki Gazab Kahani (Tips and Raj Kumar Santoshi) had a lot lined up for the day. \"He had magazine shoots, script reading session and prep work for the shoot but he took a complete day off as he really wanted to be with his kid brother\", adds the friend.In fact he took his brother and his friends for a spin in his brand new red Jaguar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17081516", "title": "Greens see red over mines secy's comment", "text": "PANAJI: Mining activists on Saturday lashed out at mines secretary R K Verma for contradicting the findings of the Shah commission on encroachments by mining lessees in Goa.Verma had said the inspection by the Supreme Court's central empowered committee (CEC) on mines to verify illegalities pointed out by the commission did not find any encroachments by lessees.Bicholim-based mining activist Ramesh Gauns said that if there is no encroachment outside mining leases, Verma should ask the directorate of mines and geology to provide information under the Right to Information (RTI) Act on encroachments.\"The CEC visited 12 mines. It cannot be said that there is no encroachment until 50% of mines are visited. Right now, just 9% have been visited. Verma should inspect 50 mines and then make statements about encroachments,\" said Gauns. Mining activist Audhut Prabhudesai said that he is not surprised with Verma's statement.\"When they are in power, the environment surrounding them gives them this power. They have to make such statements to please the people from who they stand to gain,\" said Prabhudesai.Shah commission members are well-educated and knowledgeable. Raising suspicion on the report prepared by them is not right, Prabhudesai added.Rajendra Kakodkar, a resident of Curchorem, said that it seems like the secretary (mines) has not read Chapter 5 of the Justice Shah Commission report, which clearly states that the director of mines had provided them with the basic documents, including maps of the mines. The lessees were informed in advance to remain present during the survey and the surveys were carried out in the presence of the mining lessees or their agents, said Kakodkar.He added that survey work was done by eight teams, with at least one person present from the mines department, forest department and Indian bureau of mines. Each team had GPS handsets to take readings of boundary pillars as shown by the miners.\"This clearly shows that the encroachments were surveyed by the mines department and mining companies. How can the mines secretary say that there are no encroachments, when they were identified by his own subordinates?\" asked Kakodkar. \"The mines secretary must question his subordinates for the wrong identification of encroachments and act against them, before making such a statement,\" said Kakodkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "goa", "code": "17081579", "title": "Four-day drama festival at Ravindra Bhavan", "text": "GOA: A four-day drama festival will be held at Ravindra Bhavan, Margao, from November 7, at 7pm, and will be inaugurated by art and culture minister Dayanand Mandrekar. The four dramas to be staged are 'Chanakya' by Mithir Bhuta, 'Sometimes' by Adhir Bhatt and Bobby Nagra, 'Gavant Hohil Shobha' by Namdev Murkutte and 'Hum Safar' by Javeed Siddiqi, said Ravindra Bhavan chairman Damu Naik.The cost of producing them was about 12 lakh, said Naik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17081877", "title": "Two Delhi-bound flights cancelled due to bad weather", "text": "Two New Delhi-bound flights from Gannavaram airport were abruptly cancelled on Saturday. According to information, Air India jumbo which was scheduled to leave Gannavaram airport at 5.10 pm first developed a technical snag and the authorities made an attempt to rectify it. After working for over an hour, it was decided to cancel the flight at around 6 pm.Nearly 80 passengers booked their tickets in the flight which was to reach Delhi around 9.30 pm via Hyderabad. Similarly, SpiceJet flight was to ferry 32 passengers was also cancelled due to technical reasons.Sources said that because of cloudy weather the authorities decided to cancel the flight operations.Gannavaram mandal received highest rainfall in the season over the last 48 hours.Almost all the tanks are full. Heavy rain forced the APSRTC authorities to cancel bus services between Gudivada and Eluru after the local bus station got completely inundated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17082511", "title": "Jharkhand Academic Council releases model paper for inter exams", "text": "RANCHI: Jharkhand Academic Council (JAC) on Saturday released the model question paper for intermediate examination to be held in 2013. Some important changes have been made in the question paper pattern this year which will help students score better in the examination.JAC chairperson, Anand Bhushan , said, \"We have brought in a couple of changes in the question papers of 20 subjects, this time. The major changes have been brought in English paper, as many students of JAC board find it tough to answer.\"Till date, there used to be two reading comprehensions in English for 20 marks in which two questions were asked from each comprehension. According to the changes brought in, now there will be only one comprehension for 20 marks from which four questions will be asked. Also instead of passages, given to identify grammatical errors, separate sentences will be provided.Bhushan also said the number of questions in few subjects, such as political science and history, will be reduced as they make the test lengthy.Bhushan has invited suggestions from parents and teachers for any changes that can be brought in the examination pattern. \"People can send in their suggestion to JAC by November 10. The question papers are uploaded at our website and anybody can visit the website and go through them,\" he said.When the model question papers of matriculation were released a month ago, Bhushan invited suggestions from parents and teachers but none of the suggestions reached JAC. Bhushan said, \"As no advice came in, we would implement the model paper that was originally released. People will have to be conscious about the examination pattern and should give their suggestions as it will benefit the students.\"Explaining the reason behind the lack of reaction from people about the new pattern, Principal of Zila School, Mahant Dubey, said, \"The problem is that question papers were uploaded only on the internet and still many people, especially in the rural areas, do not have access to the internet. In such a situation, people can't go through the question papers to give their suggestions.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17081254", "title": "Robbed of habitat, snakes seek out urban dwellings", "text": "HYDERABAD: Snakes on a plane are passe, its snakes in the house here with the now homeless reptiles crawling into denizens' homes for shelter. While many people found new homes in the several apartments and residential complexes that came up in areas like Gachibowli, Kondapur, Uppal, Kukatpally and LB Nagar over the last decade, hundreds of snakes living in open spaces there lost their natural homes. And this has led to a significant rise in the number of cases of these uninvited guests slithering into houses and offices in these areas.The most recent sightings of the reptile were a week ago at an MNC office in Madhapur where a snake was spotted in the building by a security guard and around three weeks ago at My Home Jewel in Madinaguda where residents saw a snake on two separate occasions on the jogging track there. Then P Naresh, a resident of L B Nagar found a Russell's viper in his house on Thursday evening said, \"Our house was built around four years ago along with many other buildings which were coming up at that time. Before that there was around 30 to 40 acres of open land here with lots of trees and bushes.\"Members of Friends of Snakes Society (FOS), which rescues and rehabilitates snakes found across the city, said that in the past three years the number of rescues in the above mentioned areas has gone up by at least 50%. With its many open areas engulfed by the expanding concrete jungle, Gachibowli seems to be on the top this list currently. Officials from the body said that while around three years ago there were no calls for snake rescues from the area, now they receive at least one or two such calls daily.Avinash Visvanathan, general secretary of FOS said, \"Last year there were around 1,000 rescues in total, this time it is already more than 1,400 and we have been receiving at least five calls per day on average. Sightings in areas like Gachibowli, Kondapur and even Jubilee Hills and Banjara Hills have increased by more than 20%. We also receive around three calls in a week from Banjara Hills now.\" He added that apart from the common non-venomous types like rat snakes, there is an increase in sightings of venomous snakes like spectacled cobra, common krait and Russell's viper, adding that while last year they rescued around 40 vipers, this year the figure is close to 100.Experts from the real estate field said that till the year 2007, the locations where most of the big residential constructions have come up were covered with rocks and bushes adding that more than 50% of the existing buildings in these areas have come up only in the past few years. Farida Tampal, state director of World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF) said, \"It is only natural for snakes to look for new places to take shelter in as all the naturally occurring homes for reptiles like rocks and crevices in the peripheries of the city have been cleared out. People are making parks but even in there they do not want snakes. Their natural habitat is being completely damaged.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17082410", "title": "10 held over Andhra firm boss abduction", "text": "RANCHI: Over 10 people have been detained in connection with the kidnapping of three employees of an Andhra Pradesh-based construction firm who were taken away at gunpoint in Sahebganj on Thursday night. However, there was no trace of Challa Srinivasa Rao, the head of the company who is also a senior Telugu Desam Party (TDP) leader, and two others 40 hours after their abduction.Police have sealed the entire district and an operation is on to trace them. With Rao being a senior TDP leader, the state police are serious about the matter. A large number of policemen have been deployed at all the exit points in Sahebganj, 350-odd km from here, to check every vehicle. Rao, the head of CSR Infratech India Pvt Limited who was on a field visit to Borio locality along with his chief accountant V L Narsingha and driver Suraj Bhagat was kidnapped with his SUV .The Sahebganj police are interrogating the detained persons and their identities are being verified. Sahebganj SP A Vijya Laxmi on Saturday said she had got some important clues but said no headway was made in tracing the three. The district police have raided over 15 places since Thursday night on the basis of mobile locations of the kidnapped.\"A few persons, who have been detained, have provided some clues which we are exploring,\" said the SP. She, however, refused to share anything which detained persons have told the police.A policeman deployed at one such exit point Yogabadi area, said, \"No vehicle is being allowed to pass through without a proper check.\"Rao had shifted to Sahebganj around a year ago when he got some big tickets contracts here. Currently his company, CSR Infratech India Pvt Limited, is constructing two-lane express way from Sahebganj to Govindpur. Rao's company had got the contract of Rs 127 crore to construct 50 km road from Borio to Sahebganj six months ago.City DSP Shashi Bhushan is leading the search operation. A police inspector said, \"Reports are coming in that the kidnapped persons have been taken to the jungles.\" No call for ransom has, however, been made to the relatives of Rao. Rao hails from Prakasham district in Andhra Pradesh and is the chairman of Prakasham District Diary Cooperative Society too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17087228", "title": "Boxer Mary Kom writing a book on her life", "text": "Olympic medalist Mary Kom won hearts with her performance at the big games. Her story of hard work and success captivated many, so much so that a Bollywood film was announced on her life by filmmaker Sanjay Leela Bhansali.In the city on Sunday, the ace pugilist said that she was going a step further to share her story with the world.\"I'm very happy that there's a movie being made on me. But this book will have minute details about my childhood, my journey, and the hard work that has made me what I am today,\" she told TOI.Life changed for Mary post the Olympics. \"Nobody knew about me before but now everyone knows who I am. The movie and the book I am writing will help in showing my struggle to the world,\" she added.Mary is being helped by a leading publishing house in writing and editing and the book is expected to be released by next year. Will she play any role in the film being made on her life, maybe that of a narrator? \"If given the chance, maybe.I don't know because facing the camera is difficult, just like walking the ramp was!\" she said.The Assam government is planning to give her three acres of land for her academy. \"In 2007, I had started an academy in Imphal. If the government supports me, I would love to open academies in other cities too,\" she said.Mary is also a good singer and is waiting for the right opportunity to showcase her skill. \"When I was a kid, I used to participate in singing competitions in school. I was always very eager. If given a chance, I would love to sing,\" she said.Would she like to sing in Bollywood? \"Bollywood is too big, but yes, I would love to sing,\" she answered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17083382", "title": "SST seizes Rs 3.6 lakh cash in Dahod", "text": "VADODARA: A static surveillance team formed to check the movement of cash in Dahod district in the wake of the assembly elections seized cash amounting to Rs 3.6 lakh from a resident of Madhya Pradesh. The seizure was made at Garbada crossroads on Saturday evening.Inayat Bhabhrawala, a resident of Bhabhra in MP, was going to Jhalod in Dahod district when he was intercepted at Garbada crossroads by a team led by executive magistrate R R Bhabhor. Bhabhrawala was found in possession of Rs 3.6 lakh.Bhabhrawala claimed that he had sold off his land in MP and was going to buy a goods carrier. However, he could not furnish any evidence in this regard, Bhabhor said, adding that the cash was seized and handed over to income tax officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17082417", "title": "Microfinance firm enters retail trade", "text": "KOLKATA: Life for several self-help group (SHG) workers in eastern India's largest microfinance company Bandhan is set to change for the betterwould not be the same. Bandhan has forayed into retail business to sell the handicraft goods manufactured by its various clusters. The products will be branded as 'Bandhan Creations'.With the products branded as Bandhan Creations, this is the first time any microfinance company is getting into retail business with its own products. Managing director Chandrasekhar Ghosh told TOI that they have plans to set up eight retail stores across Bengal by 2015.It plans to have eight such retail stores across Bengal by 2015, its managing director Chandrasekhar Ghosh told TOI.\"This will help the clusters to showcase its products both nationally and internationally,\" he said, adding that the major emphasis will be on quality and design of products.The company is keen to promote traditional designs at the national level. \"The clusters from which we will take goods are no doubt working well, but some tweaking in designs need to be done to cater to customers at the national level,\" Ghosh said.For the time being, Bandhan's in-house team is engaged with the task of designing and quality control. Ghosh said the company has identified 10 clusters from which it will source the products. Out of these 10 clusters, nine are from Bengal and one is from Orissa.The stores will have on display a wide range of products like sarees, shirts, leather and wood products, dokra showpieces, bamboo, cane and ceramic items. Ghosh said that they currently have a showroom in Salt Lake and the next one will come up at Gariahat soon. While the Salt Lake establishment is around 3,500 square feet, the Gariahat store will be a bit smaller.The third outlet is likely to be set up at Alipore and investment for each such retail shop has been pegged at Rs 20 lakh each, Ghosh said. At present, Bandhan operates in 18 states in the eastern and northeastern region of the country. Bandhan has around 40 lakh beneficiaries in these states, of which 25 lakhs are from Bengal. The total disbursed loan amount of the MFI stands at Rs 3,500 crore.At present, it has one showroom in Salt Lake, soon it will come up with one in Gariahat area and the next location they are planning is Alipore. He said the expanse of Salt Lake store is around 3,500 square feet, but the Gariahat store is a bit smaller than that.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17083956", "title": "LDA, panchayati raj dept power struggle out in open", "text": "LUCKNOW: Clash of interest between LDA and Panchayati Raj department over the issue of map sanctioning powers came out in the open on Saturday, a day after an enforcement squad of LDA sealed half a dozen unauthorized structures on Faizabad Road.The two departments had been at loggerheads on the contentious issue for quite sometime. On Saturday, Panchayati Raj officials went all the way to LDA headquarters to convince the authority officials on the issue. A senior SP minister Shiv Pratap Yadav, who is the minister in charge of Lucknow, also accompanied them.However, LDA was not willing to buy the argument and instead said that the power to sanction the map vested with the authority under the UP Urban Planning and Development Act, 1973. In fact, the authority was gearing up to crack down on more such illegally constructed structures spread on the city's periphery. The officials claimed that these structures were constructed without getting maps sanctioned from the development authority and instead were approved by the local panchayats.According to the LDA officials, all powers existing with the local panchayats under Section 162 to 171 of the Kshettra Panchayat and Zila Panchayat Adhiniyam, 1961, have been repealed after the enactment of UP Urban Planning and Development Act. This includes power to sanction map of any construction site falling under LDA's domain. An LDA engineer said, \"After the government notification of 2009 which describes the extent of development area, our domain stretches from Chinhat police station, all constructions on the Faizabad Road, up to Anaura village (outskirts of the city) and even 4 kms ahead of that.\" LDA officials said that Yadav has appointed divisional commissioner Sanjeev Mittal to sort out these cases within 15 days.Interestingly, LDA which was sitting idle over the contentious issue of the rampant unauthorized constructions across the city, has suddenly become hyperactive and is carrying out a city-wide drive to clear them all.It's been more than 35 years since the Urban Planning and Development Act was passed. A few people said that LDA is good 39 years late to realize its powers to wipe out the prevalent irregularities, and that too after facing much stiffness from the government.According to LDA sources, about 240 illegal colonies continue to exist in the city.There are many such illegal structures on the Sitapur Road (outskirts of the city), IIM road, and also a few on the Kanpur Road, LDA officials said. There are six more towers on the Faizabad Road which have come under the radar of LDA and could be sealed any time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17080569", "title": "Environment ministry gives nod for mining in Mahan Coal Block", "text": "NEW DELHI: The environment ministry has finally given its nod to mine the Mahan Coal Block in Singrauli coalfield in Madhya Pradesh by clearing 1,182.35 hectare of forestland for captive use by Essar Power's 1,200mw power plant and Hindalco Industries' 650mw plant.In July, 2011, the then union environment minister Jairam Ramesh had refused clearance at his level and deferred the final decision to the Group of Ministers (GoM) headed by Pranab Mukhrjee, then a Cabinet minister.The GoM deliberated on the project during Ramesh as well as the present environment minister Jayanthi Natarajan's tenure and finally overruled the view of the ministry and its mandatory expert panel, with the already sunk-in investments by the project developers remaining one of the key considerations behind the nod.The decision on Mahan could also set in motion the clearance for the Chhatrasal block for Anil Ambani's Sasan Ultra Mega Power Project (UMPP), which too had been cleared by the GoM when Mukherjee headed it. The proposed National Investment Board, though now set for a different version than the one finance ministry had initially floated, too seeks to review projects using the 'Cabinet's collective wisdom' when the environment ministry or its experts reject any case. It could now be shaped more along the lines of a Cabinet committee.Mahan was allocated to the two companies jointly in 2006 by the coal ministry. The firms began setting up their plants without securing a forest clearance for mining the linked Mahan Coal Block in Madhya Pradesh's Sidhi district.The environmental, tribal and wildlife concerns that had earlier held up clearance to the project have now been side-stepped. Besides other conditions put in the clearance, the project proponents have been asked to commission studies on some of the concerns even as they undertake mining works and address issues that come up in the reports. The ministry has asked the project proponents to hire services of a wildlife institution to study how the impact on wildlife can be reduced. The developers will need to start a cumulative study of impact of large number of power projects. A study will also be carried out on the impacts of the project on the nearby Rihand reservoir.Similarly, the state has been asked to get the necessary consent from the impacted tribals and forest-dwellers under the Forest Rights Act before the land is handed over. The final possession of the land would be given to the project developers only after they meets the conditions laid down in the clearance - a routine affair in most cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17081547", "title": "Goa to go ahead with 4/6 laning of NH 17, 4A", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa government on Friday conveyed to the Union ministry for road, transport and highways that it is going ahead with the detail project report (DPR) on the expansion of NH17 and NH 4-A.Speaking to STOI, PWD secretary R K Verma confirmed this. The letter is sent to reconfirm with the Union government, the \"in principle\" approval received for widening NH 17 and NH 4-A on a public-private-partnership (PPP).The government is likely to spend over 40 crore for the DRP and will soon float a tender to appoint a consultant for this purpose. Verma said that once the DRP is ready, it would be sent to the Union ministry for road, transport and highways for approval as the highway project belongs to them.The government is also in the process of preparing a draft memorandum of understanding (MoU), which will be signed between the state and central governments. While the state will bear 60% of the cost of the project, the Centre will bear 40%. \"We will send the draft MoU to the ministry,\" Verma said. The Union government said that the state government does not have a mandate to decide the width of the national highways. To this, Verma said, \"We will try to come up with a solution as widening of the highway is a necessity for the state.\"After getting the in-principle approval, the state government had decided to take up the construction work of bridges across Zuari, Talpona and Galgibaga and Khandepar rivers on a priority.The work of widening the NH 4-A from the Karnataka-Goa border to Panaji was awarded to IRB Infrastructure Developers Limited at a cost of 471 crore and the project of 4/6 laning the NH 17 from Patradevi to Pollem in Goa had been awarded to the Hyderabad-based IVRCL group at a cost of around 3,100 crore.But tall demands by the state government led to a cost escalation and, it was decided that both projects would be re-tendered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17082011", "title": "As a star, I can be India's brand ambassador too: Chiranjeevi", "text": "For the first time, India has a showman as tourism minister. Megastar of Telugu films Konidela Chiranjeevi talks about his priorities in the new job with Kingshuk NagWhat are your priorities as India's tourism minister?Manmohanji, while handing over the portfolio, said that I should take advantage of my being a cine-star to good use and be sort of a brand ambassador for India. I will endeavor to promote tourism in a way so that it showcases India. Right now I am trying to learn as much as I can and have had long meetings with officials of the department. I am also meeting previous tourism ministers of India to get their perspectives. So have you reached any preliminary conclusions?I have some ideas. As a film star, I know how European countries like Switzerland and the UK have used films to promote their own countries. They are very welcoming to movies being shot in their countries. In fact, they encourage this by making it easy to do so. By promoting their locales they also promote tourism. I intend to do the same. But it's not easy in our country with so many rules and regulations. I realized that though my ministry is charged with the job of promoting tourism, we actually need the cooperation of 16 other ministries to do the same.How do you propose get the cooperation of these ministries? I have no hang-ups. I will go to these ministers and meet and sit there to get things done. Have you identified some specific help that you require?Yes , for instance if we have to promote Varanasi as a destination, you need to clean the Ganga as it flows by that holy city. I know there is the Clean Ganga project but specific help may be needed at Varanasi. If you have to promote film shootings at monuments and at railway stations or on trains, cooperation is required from the ASI and the railways. If you have to promote tourists from a specific country, for instance Israel , you have to figure out whether there can be direct flights or increase in frequency of flights. As tourism minister, my role will be to interface with other ministries and enable these things. Most importantly, we need infrastructure - roads and connectivity, besides hotel rooms.We are told that you are going to revive and promote the Incredible India program. That's true. India is such an incredible country -so rich in culture and with so many destinations. Most countries only have one thing or the other to offer. But we have so many things: whether it is the Puri Jagannath temple or the backwaters of Kerala or the Mudumalai Hills on the borders of Karnataka and Tamil Nadu , the list is unending. We can promote cultural tourism, sports and adventure tourism, leisure tourism and what have you. Medical and wellness tourism is also important and we can promote specific cities in India as hubs.Any other specific things you are going to do?Hotel tariffs are very high in India. Even in the five-star category, rooms are very costly. It is possible to get rooms at below $100 per day in places like Las Vegas etc. But not in India and this is restricting the flow of inbound tourists. We have to see how we can get cheaper rooms. Of course, the tax component is very high and I guess we have to involve the finance ministry too in this matter.What about the domestic tourist?It is a tragedy that the domestic tourist is often neglected. Often Indians find it easier and less costly to go abroad than to other parts of the country. For example, Singapore or Bangkok as a destination for somebody in south India may be cheaper than to go to Delhi or other parts of north India. This is an issue that we must address. I propose to go to tourist centres like Ajanta and Ellora and interact with tourists and find out what they want. Tourism can be a major contributor to the GDP and a major source of employment.What else?I understand that some foreign tourists also have issues with immigration clearances. Terrorism is a world -wide phenomenon. Even countries like UK are affected by it. But that does not mean that they restrict tourists. The World Travel Mart is happening in London next week. It will be worthwhile to go there for a first-hand experience and allay apprehensions about India that many tourists have.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17081571", "title": "Civic panel nod for lifeguards at dam, Godavari", "text": "NASHIK: Following an incident of drowning at Gangapur dam, the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) has decided to deploy lifeguards at the dam and on the banks of the Godavari, on an honorary basis.Civic officials said that the NMC's fire department does not have enough life guards, making it impossible to deploy them at all locations. Standing committee chairman Uddhav Nimse said, \"Being cognizant of the recent incidents of drowning at Gangapur dam and in the Godavari, we have decided to appoint lifeguards on an honorary basis and have given a directive to the civic administration regarding this,\" Nimse said. He added that the guards will be deployed at Gangapur dam and at some locations in Godavari River. There deployment will help to avoid the cases of drowning.IIt may be recalled that three Class XII students of Bhonsala Military College drowned at Gangapur dam following a recreational swim last month. The deceased were identified as Ritesh Krishnamohan Shukla (17) of Gangapur Road, Ganesh Roham (17) of Sawarkarnagar Nagar and Amit Ram Singh (17) of Ranenagar, Cidco.Meanwhile, tThe standing committee chairman also blamed the civic administration for delays in implementing the decision taken by the standing committee regarding the appointment of the lifeguards following the incident. \"The resolutions passed by the standing committee have not reached the administration despite a month having passed, even with regards to other civic projects and not just the decision to appoint lifeguards. There are several resolutions passed by the Standing Committee in the past few months, but they are yet not reached the NMC administration.This is causing a delay for major civic projects,\" Nimse said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17082586", "title": "Seven-year-old dies a month after being bitten by dog", "text": "CHENNAI: A seven-year-old girl died on Friday while being taken to the Institute of Child Health in Egmore. Family and police sources suspect the death could have been caused by a dog-bite injury she suffered a month ago, though rabies seemed to be a distant possibility.Jayashree, who lived with her parents Palani and Sujatha \u00e2\u20ac\u201d employees of a welding shop near Red Hills \u00e2\u20ac\u201d adopted a stray dog around eight months ago. The dog, said to be around two-and-half-years old, grew attached to the family. \"It used to walk along with the child every morning to school and would wait there in the afternoons to walk back,\" said a police officer. Jayashree had a habit of having a bath with the dog once a week, when she scrubbed and washed the dog.During one such sessions in early October, Jayashree reportedly blew soap bubbles at the dog. When soap entered the dog's eye, it panicked and jumped. Accidentally, its teeth scratched the girl's head, causing it to bleed. Her parents chased away the dog and took the girl to a private hospital near Avadi.She was discharged the same day after a tetanus shot was given. On Friday, she developed seizures and was taken to Ramachandra Medical College and Hospital. She was then referred to ICH, but she died on the way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "17081971", "title": "Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Limited team visits refinery site, meet officers", "text": "JAISALMER: A high-level delegation of 15 members from Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Limited (HPCL) on Saturday visited the proposed refinery site in Barmer and discussed various issues with the administrative officers.According to the sources, the delegation led by K K Murali, director (Refineries), HPCL, visited the site at Lilala village and Janduon Ki Dhani in Baytu tehsil of Barmer. Later, the HPCL officials met district collector Bhanu Prakash Yeturu and discussed land, feasibility issues and technical issues. District collector Bhanu Prakash said he had a meeting with the HPCL officials and various issues were discussed. Land acquisition process for the project was discussed. The state government has already initiated the process in the name of Hydrocarbon Value Enhancement and Training Centre. ADM Arun Purohit and land acquisition officer OP Jain were also present in the meeting.District forest officer B R Bhadu briefed about the ecological sensitivity of the region. Recently, a team of soil scientists accompanied by senior officials of HPCL had visited the proposed site. The team had taken samples of soil from various reference points.A few weeks ago, the state government started the process of acquiring land in this area. The government is acquiring around 5,500 bighas of land and has started issuing notices for the same.Around three years ago, the Tripathi committee and a team of Indian engineers had visited the site and submitted its report to the govt, in which it was told that it is good place to set up refinery after which the government got serious about the refinery.Congress wants that the announcement of setting up refinery is made at the earliest, so that it could get the benefit during the forthcoming assembly elections. if refinery is set up at barmer in rajasthan then thousands of local people would get direct and indirect employment and with setting up of refinery, there is possibility of setting up other industries. from the local leader to the state's chief minister are completely involved to announce about the refinery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17081438", "title": "Electoral reforms should be a priority, says Tewari", "text": "PANAJI: With the last few sessions of parliament witnessing large-scale disruptions over various issues, including exposure of massive scams, Manish Tewari, minister for information and broadcasting, said he was worried that the shrill language of politicians in the country was affecting the country's institutions.\"We have had a lockdown in parliament, in our assemblies and even the third tier of democracy,\" said Tewari alluding to the political divisiveness affecting democratic functioning. He wondered how this would augur for our democracy.Speaking at a session titled 'Half-Ticket: Power and What We Make Of It' at the 'Think' festival, 2012, Tewari felt that \"electoral reform should be the number one priority on everyone's agenda.\"\"This is one thing we badly need to fix,\" he added.On the various exposes that have emerged recently pointing towards massive losses to the exchequer, Tewari felt the media did have a role as a custodian of some democratic values, but that the judicial process should take over after the issue had been brought to light. The media should avoid a judge, jury, prosecutor stance, he added.Tewari said the government was trying to measure up to the standards people have, but if it falls short then some introspection may be necessary.He felt that the poor were prevented access to the judicial system by institutionalized bias, sometimes even by the state.Attempting to dismiss the anti-nuclear power plant protests in Koodankulam, Tewari said energy deficit can stop Indian growth. He said nuclear power is expected to soon contribute 4-6% of the power needs of the country.Tewari also spoke on his experience of politics and what prompted him to enter politics itself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "17083194", "title": "Rail commuters demand more crossing stations", "text": "MALAPPURAM: Once again, the demand for setting up crossing stations at Kulukkallur and Melattur on the Shoranur-Nilambur route is rising as almost all the trains on this stretch run late. And this is mainly because these trains have to wait at Angadippuram and Shoranur stations to enable other trains to cross.On Saturday, the Thiruvananthapuram-Nilambur Rajyarani Express arrived at its destination two hours late. It was made to wait at Shoranur to enable another train to cross.The demand to set up crossing stations at Kulukkallur and Melattur is a long-pending one. Many organizations and people's representatives have met railway authorities several times in the past with this demand. But authorities haven't yet obliged.It is learnt that Southern Railway's Palakkad division had recommended crossing stations at these two places, and forwarded this recommendation to its Chennai headquarters two years ago. But, as the Chennai office did not take any further action on this, there was no budget allocation for the purpose in the last two railway budgets.General secretary of the Nilambur rail action council Biju Ninan said demanding more trains on this route without setting up crossing facilities in at least Kulukkallur would be absurd. \"Nowhere in the country will you come across a 28km-stretch without even a single crossing. Authorities should give prime importance to setting up crossing stations,\" he said.Daily 14 trains, including two express trains, run on this stretch. Goods trains going to the Food Corporation of India (FCI) godown at Angadippuram, as well as inspection vehicles also use this rail line. At present, the 56km Shoranur-Nilambur line has only two crossing stations -- one at Angadippuram, 28km away from Shoranur, and another at Nilambur. On the Shoranur-Mangalore stretch, the distance between crossing stations at Shoranur and Karakkadu is only eight kilometres.\"The major reason for trains on this route getting delayed is because of trains halting at different stations for crossing. A majority of the trains have to wait at Shoranur or Angadippuram for at least an hour,\" he said.The construction of a crossing point is generally carried out along with a major work. Hence, if crossing points are to be set up at Kulukkallur and Melattur, the work will have to be included in the works programme of the Southern Railway for it to get budgetary allocation. And for this to happen, people's representative will have to put more pressure on authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "kohima", "code": "17087122", "title": "Naga groups committed to reconciliation: Forum for Naga Reconciliation", "text": "KOHIMA: Top leaders of three Naga underground groups, which had signed the Covenant of Reconciliation (CoR), have expressed commitment towards the peace process initiated by the Forum for Naga Reconciliation (FNR).As part of its ongoing \"Journey of Common Hope,\" the Forum yesterday facilitated a meeting between senior functionaries of NSCN(I-M) and Khole-Kitovi led GPRN/NSCN at Dimapur.NSCN Chairman Isak Swu, General Secretary Th. Muivah and GPRN/NSCN chief Khole Konyak and General Secretary N Kitovi Zhimomi were among those who attended the meeting.However, leaders from NNC/FGN, another signatory to Naga Concordant of 2011, could not make it due to time constraint but expressed solidarity towards strengthening the Naga reconciliation process, the FNR said.The Forum underscored the need to have further meetings soon.As part of ongoing Naga peace talks, Isak Swu and Muivah came here from New Delhi to hold consultations with Naga tribal and civil society groups.Both the Union Home Ministry and the NSCN(I-M) have indicated that they are trying hard to clinch a peace deal by early next year.NSCN(I-M) had signed the ceasefire with the Centre in 1997 and since then political talks are going on for a permanent solution to the problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17082762", "title": "Ex-AIUDF leader to head SP in Assam", "text": "GUWAHATI: In a bid to strengthen its base in the state, Samajwadi Party (SP) on Saturday roped in former All India United Democratic Front (AIUDF) working president and prominent minority community leader Hafiz Rashid Ahmed Choudhury as the party's state unit president.Party general secretary Kironmoy Nanda and national secretary Kamal Faruqui were present when Choudhury was inducted into SP. Choudhury, who left AIUDF following differences with the party leadership ahead of the assembly polls last year, will form a new executive committee within a month and launch a state-wide membership drive. He will work for fostering ties between different communities in the state.Kamalesh Deka and Ratul Choudhury have been appointed as vice-president, while Sanjib Dutta and A F Nasiruddin Mullah have been appointed as general secretary and secretary respectively.\"I left AIUDF because of ideological differences. I found SP as a party which can take along people from different communities. There are Muslims, Dalits and people from other communities in SP. And with this spirit, I will work to build trust and confidence among diverse communities in the state,\" said Choudhury.He added that his priority is to work in Bodoland Territorial Area District to help maintain communal harmony among different ethnic groups through dialogue. Chodhury, a veteran lawyer, dubbed the white paper on the foreigners' issue as diversionary tactics of the state government to divert people's attention from the main issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17082771", "title": "'Girish\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s is a noble but unnecessary cause. Naipaul doesn\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t hate Muslims'", "text": "A literary festival without a spat is Diwali without crackers, Xmas without Santa, a funeral without a corpse. So it is with gratitude that I write about maestro Girish Karnad's performance on Friday at a lit fest in Mumbai. I so looked forward to the session at which he was to speak on his life in theatre. I wasn't disappointed. Girish, making no apology for his decision to go off-topic, with ultimate modesty voluntarily surrendered this vanity spot and launched instead into a critique of the career and supposed opinions of Sir Vidia Naipaul. It wasn't as though Girish had chosen to attack Pope Paul the Penultimate or some other reverend figure of whom the audience hadn't heard. Sir Vidia had been at the festival a day earlier and had received a lifetime achievement award. Sir Vidia had, as someone once said about Elvis, departed the building and, for that matter, the city I thought for a moment as I listened to Girish say that he acknowledged Sir Vidia's writing talent, that he had come to praise and not to bury him. I was mistaken; wrong end of the stick! Girish was then making out a case for Sir Vidia being blind to architecture and deaf to music. He brandished chits of paper on which he had quotes from Naipaul's work or from other sources to prove these contentions.The blindness to architectural splendour was based on Girish's argument that Sir Vidia had once said that the Taj Mahal conjured for him the toil, sweat and blood that had gone into this vain construction, a monument to death and the memory of a tyrant. I suppose not liking the Taj Mahal could cause one to fall at the first hurdle in the Karnad Architectural Stakes, but then one ought to also consider Sir Vidia's opinion, to which I can testify, that Humayun's tomb is a great piece of work.Girish then devoted some detailed attention to Sir Vidia's contention that the 17th-century kingdom of Vijaynagar had been defeated and reduced to nothing by the coalition of its neighbouring Muslim sultanates. Girish gave us some details about that conflict, many more than Sir Vidia has ever provided and proceeded to the contention that Sir Vidia's view of history was biased, twisted and, what's more 'un-Indian'. He quoted Salman Rushdie's remark that the Nobel Prize for Literature should be withdrawn from Naipaul because he was anti-Muslim. Through this shower of unguided missiles, what came through devastatingly was that Girish was protecting all Muslims from V S Naipaul's derision and hatred.This is a noble but unnecessary cause. I happen to know through years of friendship that Sir Vidia doesn't hate Muslims. In fact Lady Naipaul and her family are Muslims, Sir Vidia's adopted son and daughter and two grandchildren are Muslims and he appears to love the lot.The argument of his books, as with so much of his work, is a corrective to the Indian nationalist view of history which was generated in the country's fight for independence from British colonial rule and in the interests of unity made scant mention of the process, cruelty, negligence, slaughter and destructive wars of the earlier raids and conquests of Muslim and later Mughal warlords and kings.Girish went on to quote William Dalrymple who had quoted a remark that Naipaul is supposed to have made to a gathering at the 'BJP's offices'. The quote was wrong and mischievous. Neither William Dalrymple nor Girish was present at this meeting between Naipaul and the 'BJP's Cultural Wing' (fancy that!). I was.Naipaul steadfastly refused to speak about the politics or morality of the Babri masjid episode. The only thing he did say was that the construction of a mosque by the first Moghul emperor at Ayodhya was \"an act of hubris\". I said I may have got the wrong end of the stick, but at the end of Girish's diatribe the stick turned out to have only one end. He refused to let me refute his arguments or challenge his quotes. The case for the prosecution rested; the defence was arrested. I left the hall and went to see Girish's entertaining play.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17086512", "title": "Himachal Pradesh elections: 30 per cent voting till noon", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17081243", "title": "Food scam: Maharashtra may cancel Rs 500cr deal with three firms", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government is contemplating cancelling the Rs 500-crore tender allotted to three firms that have allegedly committed rampant irregularities in the supply of food for malnourished children and pregnant and lactating women. \"We are awaiting the official report of the commissioners appointed by the apex court,\" Ujjwal Uke, principal secretary, women and child development department, told TOI.On Saturday, TOI had reported that the Supreme Court's commissioners had made critical observations with respect to how the Integrated Child Development Scheme (ICDS) was being implemented in Maharashtra, where contractors have allegedly cornered hundreds of crores worth of supplies despite the SC barring contractors from supplying rations under the scheme.\"If we find that the apex court guidelines have been violated by the three firms, we will immediately cancel the contracts allotted to them,\" Uke said.Uke said the apex court, in a landmark order passed on August 19, 2011, upheld the August 24, 2009 scheme for supply of food to poor children and pregnant and lactating women. However, the SC made it clear that contractors should not be used to supply food under the ICDS. Funds had to be utilized by allowing village communities, self-help groups and mahila mandals to buy the subsidized food grains, prepare the meals and sell them.\"We will examine if the three societies that bagged the contracts were set up with the help of village communities, self-help groups and mahila mandals. We will take a legal opinion, and if it is determined that there was a violation of the apex court's guidelines, we will have no option but to cancel the tender,\" Uke said.As per the report submitted to the apex court, the chief minister of Maharashtra was made aware of the scam by the SC commission as well as the National Commission for the Protection of Child Rights. However, no steps were taken to halt the alleged corrupt practices.The state's woman and child welfare department had awarded the tender to three cooperative societies\u00e2\u20ac\u201dMahalaxmi Mahila and Balvikas Bahuddeshiya Audhyogic Cooperative Society, Mumbai; Venkateshwara Mahila Audhyogic Utpadan Cooperative Society, Latur; and Maharashtra Mahila Sahakari Grahudhyog Cooperative Society, Dhule.The commissioners' report said these three institutions secured the contract for the entire state and none of these three institutions, or mahila mandals, had any production capacity of their own. The mandals formed subcommittees with select members getting complete control of the administration, finances and operations of the organisations. Furthermore, it was found that the subcommittees went on to contract five companies to supply the rations and the members of these subcommittees were all relatives of the owners of the five companies. \"It's all in the family. All the three firms are controlled by five different families, while self-help groups, village communities or mahila mandals are not visible at all,\" a senior official said.The official gave as an example the case of the Venkateshwara Mahila Audhyogic Utpadan Cooperative Society. On paper, it is in accordance with the norms prescribed by the apex court. However, if one studies the office bearers of the society, they are all members of either the Munde or Pagaria families. The same is the case with the Mahalaxmi Mahila and Balvikas Bahuddeshiya Audhyogic Cooperative Society, which is controlled by the Jadhav and Auradkar families. The Maharashtra Mahila Sahakari Grahudhyog Cooperative Society is controlled by the Agarwal family.The apex court commissioner also expressed doubts over the quality of food supplied, saying it was shocking as to how all three mandals submitted their samples to the same private laboratory, while the samples checked in a government laboratory were not up to the mark.A former chief secretary said it was high time that the state governments set up a special investigation team to probe the entire tender process and how it came to be awarded to the three firms. \"Prima facie, it appears that they outsourced the entire work of supplying food to other firms. As a result, the basic purpose of strengthening self-help groups, village communities and mahila mandals has been defeated,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "17082519", "title": "Malaria epidemic in district", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Several blocks of Hazaribag district are in the grip of malaria. In Bajha panchayat of Katkumsandi block alone 425 cases of malaria have been reported.When contacted, civil surgeon Binay Kumar said he has referred the complaints to the district malaria officer, Dr Prem Das for taking appropriate measures. Das admitted that malaria cases are pouring in from different parts of the district.He also admitted that two persons, Prakash Mahto and Sujata Kumari, died in Bajha village. But on verifying the medical team found out they died because of heart failure and cold, though they had fever. He said the medical team, on the basis of complaints from higher authorities, is camping there and has started taking blood samples. He also claimed that neither of the above named two patients who died in Bajha village approached government doctors posted in Katkumsandi.According to the figures provided by Das, this year they have collected 1,00,195 samples of blood from affected people of which 7,257 cases were found positive. He claimed all patients who were reported positive have been cured with the help of proper treatment and medicines. He denied any death so far because of malaria.Some of the blocks where maximum positive cases were reported are Barkatha with 2,059 cases, Barkagaon-849, Churchu-678, Barhi-651 and Katkumsandi-425. Das claimed that as precautionary measure they have sprayed DDT for driving away the mosquitoes.He also said although no cases of dengue have been reported from any corner of the district, all precautionary smeasures have been taken to control it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17081429", "title": "State awards to be presented on Liberation Day to persons with disabilities", "text": "PANAJI: The directorate of social welfare is implementing a scheme under which state awards will be presented on December 19 every year on the occasion of celebration of Goa Liberation day.The award consists of 25,000 cash and a certificate.These awards are for the following categories: Best disabled employee - one in each of orthopedically disabled, speech/hearing impaired, visually disabled category; Best employer - who employs disabled persons in his firm/company/institution, Best NGO - working for the welfare of persons with disabilities. Interested persons may apply on a plain paper giving full details to the director of social welfare, 18th June road, Panaji, on or before November 25.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17087078", "title": "Rana to play a cameo in Ayan Mukherji\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s film", "text": "After playing a cameo in Ajith-Vishnuvardhan's untitled Tamil film, buzz is that Daggubati Rana will make another brief appearance and this time in a Bollywood film. The actor will be seen in a guest appearance in Ayan Mukherji's Yeh Jawaani Yeh Deewani starring Ranbir Kapoor and Deepika Padukoone.The film, which is made under Karan Johar's Dharma Productions, also has Aditya Roy Kapur and Kalki Koechlin in supporting roles and is billed to be a romantic entertainer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17083854", "title": "Alumni meet at Motial Nehru National Institute of Technology evokes nostalgia", "text": "ALLAHABAD: With participation of pass-outs as old as of the 1966-batch, the alumni convention of Motial Nehru National Institute of Technology (MNNIT) Allahabad got off to a glittering start on Saturday with former students recollecting fond memories of their association with the institute.Welcoming the delegates, president of the association Prof R P Tiwari said, today we have a sangam of past, present and future from all over the world and on the occasion keeping alive the bond that keeps them all connected.The get together, he said was culmination of a relationship that started about more than 50 years back.He said the annual re-union was an excellent example of the alumni's commitment towards the institute.With a commitment to quality in technical education, MNNIT strives to be the best and distinguish itself through a pursuit of excellence in teaching, research and consultancy and living up to its social responsibility.Later, an alumnus of the 1966-batch, Ramesh Mehan, chancellor, Shoolini Institute of Life Sciences and Business Management and CEO Innovative Technologies Corp, USA, addressed the delegates recalling his long term association with the institute.Other delegates too rang in a note of nostalgia sharing details of their stay at the institute as students and their invaluable experience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "17081776", "title": "Several trains cancelled, diverted", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: Due to torrential rains, the South Central Railway (SCR) has either cancelled or diverted several trains on Kondapalli-Madhira stations on Saturday. According to DRM, Pradeep Kumar, train No. 12296 Patna-Bangalore, Sanghamitra Express has been diverted to run via Secunderabad, Kurnool, Dhone, Gooty and Dronachalam instead of earlier diversion via Raichur, Guntakal and Dharmavaram.Train No. 12763 Tirupati-Secunderabad, Padmavati Express was diverted and would be run via Tenali- Guntur -Nadikudi-Bibinagar. Similarly, train No.12759 Chennai-Hyderabad, Charminar Express was diverted to run via Tenali- Guntur-Nadikudi-Bibinagar and train No. 12709 Gudur-Secunderabad Simhapuri Express has been diverted to run via Tenali-Guntur-Nadikudi-Bibinagar. Meanwhile, some others trains were cancelled for Saturday.Cancelled trains include train No. 57237 Kazipet-Vijayawada passenger, train No. 57238 Vijayawada-Kazipet passenger, train No. 57254 Vijayawada-Bhadrachalam Road passenger, train No. 57253 Bhadrachalam Road-Vijayawada passenger, Train No. 67269 Kazipet-Dornakal PassengerTrain No. 67271 Dornakal-Vijayawada passenger, train No. 67273 Vijayawada-Guntur Passenger and train No. 67274 Guntur-Vijayawada Passenger.With heavy flood waters overflowing on tracks due to rains between Kondapalli and Madhira stations, there is slow movement of trains on Gudur-Vijayawada-Kazipet sections as a precautionary measure, a railway spokesperson said. In order to assist the waiting passengers, the railways opened up special help line numbers at various stations.He suggested the passengers to contact on the following helpline numbers for more details. SCR helpline numbers: Vijayawada control: 1072, 0866-2576796, Vijayawada railway station: 0866-2575038, Tenali: 08644-227600, Ongole: 08592- 280202, 280203, Nellore: 0861-2345863, 2345864, Rajahmundry:-0883-2420541, 2420543, Hyderabad: 040-23200865, Secunderabad: 040-27700868, 9701371060,Kazipet: 0870-2576430, 0870-2548660, Khammam: 0874-2256025, 9701371802 and Warangal:0870-2426232.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17081081", "title": "Health sector allocation up 3 times: PM", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Saturday said allocation for health sector during the 12th Plan period has been enhanced by three times over the previous plan.The outlay for the sector has been fixed at Rs 3 lakh crore, which accounts for 1.95 per cent of the GDP . Earlier, the sector had Rs 89,265 crore.\"The allocation for health sector has been enhanced some three times in the 12th Five Year Plan as compared with the 11th Plan allocation,\" he said speaking at a function in the capital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17083252", "title": "Hubli Dharwad Municipal Corporation gets ragpickers to collect dry waste", "text": "HUBLI: The twin-city administrators are roping in ragpickers for efficient waste management. The short-staffed Hubli Dharwad Municipal Corporation (HDMC) plans to use around 3,000 ragpickers in the city to segregate garbage and discussions are on with the ragpickers' association. HDMC may issue ID cards to ragpickers and give them a monthly remuneration too.It's a win-win situation as it would help the corporation overcome manpower shortage and ragpickers will get a regular income. The ragpickers would collect plastic and other waste from houses. SN Ganachari, assistant commissioner, HDMC, told STOI: \"We've already had one round of discussions with the ragpickers' association. We will meet again shortly and distribute ID cards.''HDMC will appeal to residents of Hubli-Dharwad to segregate plastic, paper, glass bottles and give them to ragpickers. This system hopes to solve the problem of garbage segregation and help in handling plastic.Erappa, a ragpicker from Chalkere, collects plastic, papers and glass bottles from streetside garbage bins and containers. He says he earns about Rs 200 a day.\"If people hand over the segregated waste to us, it makes our job much easier. It also helps us earn more.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "17082219", "title": "15 injured as two groups clash", "text": "ALWAR: About 15 people including seven women were injured in firing and stone hurling between two groups in a village near Alwar's Tijara town on Saturday. The groups were at loggerheads over a common passage through the village.According to the police, the clash took place at the Dhakpuri village in the morning. \"Two groups - one headed by Fateh Mohammed and another by Khurshid - had a long dispute over a public passage through the village,\" said a police officer.\"One group tried to encroach upon the road around 10 am. Several people from the other group gathered at the spot and started hurling stones at them. Both the groups also possessed axes,\" said the officer.People from one group started firing at the other. Around 15 people were injured. \"Eight of them were rushed to a general hospital in Alwar due to their serious condition,\" said the officer.Police said that by the time a Tijara police team arrived at the spot, the fight had ended. Police force has been deployed in the village to maintain law and order. Cases have been registered by both the groups. \"Further investigation is on,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17082273", "title": "ATS failed to record how Bhatkal's presence at site was ascertained", "text": "PUNE: Anti-terrorism squad (ATS) inspector Dinesh Kadam deposed before a sessions court here on Saturday that the investigating officer in the German bakery blast case had not recorded his statement on how he identified terror suspect Yasin Bhatkal from the Closed Circuit Television (CCTV) footage related to the blast.Kadam's deposition is crucial in the context of the ATS having named Bhatkal, an Indian Mujahideen (IM) operative, and six others as key conspirators in the chargesheet related to the bakery blast that killed 17 people and injured 64 others on February 13, 2010. The then assistant commissioner of police (ATS) Vinod Satav, currently posted with the city crime branch, is the investigating officer (IO) in the case.The ATS has, so far, arrested only one of the seven conspirators, Mirza Himayat Inayat Baig, while Bhatkal and five others are absconding. Bhatkal's involvement came to the fore during the scrutiny of the CCTV footages by Kadam and the then city police control room inspector Prasad Hasabnis. The footage was collected from the bakery counter as well as the nearby 'O' Hotel.Among other things, the footage showed a man, sporting a cap, entering the bakery with two bags and leaving the place with only one of them. Kadam has identified this man as Bhatkal. The ATS inspector has a past experience of trailing the IM operative.On October 30, Kadam and Hasabnis had furnished their written submission to the trial court of additional sessions judge N P Dhote detailing how they had identified Bhatkal from the CCTV footages. This formed the basis for senior lawyer A Rehman, representing Baig, to grill Kadam in the court on Saturday.Rehman cited a newspaper report, published by a local Marathi daily during the course of the investigation, suggesting that the ATS had arrested one Abdul Samad from Mangalore in connection with the German bakery blast case. The defence lawyer's queries were aimed at finding out whether Kadam was sure that the man he had seen in the CCTV footages was indeed Bhatkal or Samad.Kadam maintained that the man, whose images were caught on the CCTV, was Bhatkal and not Samad, who was arrested by the ATS in connection with some other case. At this point, Rehman asked Kadam that if he was so sure about Bhatkal's presence then why he did not give a statement to this effect to the ATS. Kadam deposed that the IO Satav did not record his statement.Rehman then asked Kadam whether the ATS had any documentary evidence on record to show the shop from where Baig had purportedly bought the cellphone and haversacks, used in the blast. Kadam deposed that the owner of the cellphone shop at Manish market in Mumbai, from where Baig claimed to have made the purchase, could not furnish documents to prove that he had sold the cellphone to Baig. Similarly, the owner of the shop, from where Baig claimed to have purchased the haversacks, could not recollect that he had sold haversacks to Baig, the ATS inspector deposed.IO Satav to depose on Dec 3The trial in the German bakery blast case has reached its fag end with the prosecution recording on December 3 the evidence of ACP Vinod Satav, who investigated the case. Satav will be the 103rd and the last witness in the case. Special public prosecutor Raja Thakare on Saturday told the court that it will take four days for examining and cross-examining Satav. Additional sessions judge N P Dhote then said that he will start recording Satav's evidence from December 3.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17082767", "title": "PK Borthakur new offshore ONGC director", "text": "GUWAHATI: PK Borthakur has taken over as the director (offshore) in the Oil and Natural Gas Corporation Limited (ONGC).He steps in at a crucial juncture when ONGC has set ambitious targets in augmenting offshore production in the context of the organization's perspective plan 2030.Borthakur took over this important board position of ONGC on October 30. Congratulating him for the elevation, CMD Sudhir Vasudeva said there could not have been a better oilman for the assignment at this vital juncture.Borthakur, like his predecessor Sudhir Vasudeva, is predominantly brought up in the professional nuances of offshore oil engineering. He has a rich portfolio of experiences in diverse fields of oil production chain.Before being elevated to the board of India's flagship explorer ONGC, he effectively managed India's biggest oil producing asset Mumbai High and biggest gas asset Bassein &amp; Satellite.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17082604", "title": "Keep smiling to slow aging, says consultant", "text": "KOCHI: Aging is an irreversible natural process, but we should know how to age gracefully, said Seema Sadhika, a celebrity anti-aging consultant. To achieve this, one has to take care of oneself in the proper way with proper consultation. There are lots of misconceptions about anti-aging techniques which should be cleared first, she said.Speaking at the workshop, Women in You, organized by the Kerala chamber of commerce &amp; industry (Kladies forum in association with Wellness India, Seema suggested a list of tips and quick remedies for various problems faced by women.KCCI chairman K N Marzook inaugurated the workshop and KCCI ladies forum convener Jyothi D Aswani welcomed the gathering. The workshop had sessions on make-up, skin care, hair care and styling, nutrition, fitness and stress management, the six most important aspects that contribute to every woman's wellness quotient, according to experts.Apart from Seema Sadhika, the panel of experts included Sreekumar A, founder and MD of Wellness Solution, Ushy Mohandas, regional head of International Human Rights Organisation and Roshita Sibi, fitness consultant. Talking about ways to manage stress, Ushy Mohandas guided participants through the problems caused by stress and advised them to keep smiling as a counter measure. \"To be free from stress try to keep things simple and adopt disassociation when faced with a serious predicament,\" she said. This would help one to view the problems in a new light and will help in solving it easily, Ushy said.The event was attended by nearly 50 women from various walks of life.Kochi: \"Aging is an irreversible natural process, but we should know how to age gracefully,\" said Dr Seema Sadhika, celebrity anti-aging consultant. To achieve this, one has to take care of oneself in the proper way with proper consultation. There are lots of misconceptions about anti-aging techniques which should be cleared first, she said.Speaking at the workshop, Women in You, organized by the Kerala chamber of commerce &amp; industry (KCCI) ladies forum in association with Wellness India, Dr Seema suggested a list of tips and quick remedies for various problems faced by women.Chairman of KCCI, K N Marzook, inaugurated the workshop, and Jyothi D Aswani, convenor of KCCI ladies forum, welcomed the gathering. The workshop had sessions on make-up, skin care, hair care and styling, nutrition, fitness and stress management, the six most important aspects that contribute to every woman's wellness quotient, according to experts.Apart from Dr Seema Sadhika, the panel of experts included Dr Sreekumar A, founder and MD of Wellness Solution, Dr Ushy Modandas, regional head of International Human Rights Organisation, and Roshita Sibi, fitness consultant.Talking about ways to manage stress, Dr Ushy Mohandas, guided participants through the problems caused by stress and advised them to keep smiling as a counter measure. \"To be free of stress try to keep things simple and adopt disassociation when faced with a serious predicament\", she said. This would help one to view the problems in a new light and will help in solving it easily, Dr Ushy added.The event was attended by nearly 50 women from various wakes of life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17082350", "title": "Juvenile gangsters blend in, strike", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The juvenile gang involved in stealing cash, jewellery and gold ornaments from marriage venues has been following any of the three modi operandi before striking - introducing themselves from the side of the bride or groom, blending with the guests and thirdly focusing on bags. This is what the police concluded after investigating the recent 12 reported thefts at marriage venues.Whatever the modus operandi, the common aspect in all these cases is the well-dressed juveniles, so as to merge with the crowds at marriage venues and not rouse any suspicion. DSP (east) Vijay Kumar said though carelessness on the part of the victims cannot be ruled out, it is apparent that the gang is being managed by shrewd minds. He said in all the reported cases, bags containing \"shagun\" envelopes and gold ornaments were stolen and the gang members targeted the person, keeping these bags at marriage functions.Though police have claimed to have gone through the video recording of all marriage functions where thefts were reported, no clue about the gang members has been found till now. The previous two years saw over 24 cases of thefts at marriage venues and two gangs were busted in this connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17083274", "title": "Defunct streetlights leave residents groping in the dark", "text": "HUBLI: The poor maintenance of streetlights in several areas of Hubli-Dharwad has led to an increase in crime rate, residents have complained.High mast lights in the city are also fast turning to be a financial burden for the cash-strapped civic body as several such lights are not functioning.Hubli Dharwad Municipal Corporation (HDMC) spends about Rs 60 lakh per month on streetlights in the twin cities and spends Rs one lakh for the maintenance of high mast lights alone. Incidentally, 14 high mast lights are under maintenance out of the 83 in both the cities.It costs the HDMC Rs 3 lakh to Rs 6 lakh to install a single high mast light pole, sources said.High mast lights installed in Myadar Oni, Ganesh Peth mosque, Deshpande Nagar, Old Hubli area and Myadar Oni near New English Medium School have not been functioning for the past few months.Speaking to STOI, Prakash of Myadar Oni, said: \"The high mast light in our area has not been functioning since the past month. People fear to walk on the street during night.\"In fact, a few days ago two bike-borne youth made a futile attempt to snatch the chain of a woman. Authorities should immediately repair the light or install new ones to light up the area, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17082621", "title": "TOI honours Gujarati community members", "text": "KOCHI: Acknowledging the contributions made by the Gujarati community to build Kerala, The Times of India on Saturday honoured seven community members.Shri Cochin Gujarati Mahajan president Gobind Prasad Goyal was honoured by The Times of India as a representative of the non-Malayali diaspora as part of Kerala Piravi celebrations. He was honoured with a ponnada and a memento by assistant commissioner of police (Mattancherry) Benoy M at a garba and dandiya night organized here.TOI also felicitated leading Gujarati businessmen and founder members of the Shri Gujarati School and College at Mattancherry Kakkubhai Chakkubhai Bhammer and Dilip Mehta. Vishwanath Agarwal, a member of the Gujarati School and College Board for the past 36 years, was also felicitated. \"I feel I am a Malayali. I studied in Malayalam and all my life I have been in Kerala. It just happens that I am from north India,\" Agarwal said.Honouring the contributions of the community that came to the city as traders, TOI also felicitated three Shri Cochin Gujarati Mahajan members -- Mulraj Ved, Ramesh Jethabhai and Chetan Shah-who made worthy contribution to the city.The felicitation ceremony was followed by a night of garba and dandiya, where the young and old danced to the tunes of Heartbeat - a band led by Anand Mehta.Today's programmeOn Sunday, The Times of India will salute the contributions of the Sindhi, Kannada, Punjabi and Andhra communities. The function will be held at Fine Arts Hall here.Deepak Aswani from the Sindhi community; Srikanth Anavatti, president, Kannada Sanga, Kochi; Satwant Kaur, who has been residing in Kochi for last 60 yearsfrom the Punjabi community and M Harihara Naidu, secretary, Andhra Cultural Association, Kochi, will be felicitated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "17081972", "title": "Pushkar ill-prepared for fair, BJP wing threatens hunger strike", "text": "AJMER: With just a few days left for the international cattle fair in Pushkar to kick off, the town is in a bad shape after heavy rainfall. Annoyed with the condition, the minority wing of BJP threatened hunger strike if arrangements were not made in the next 24 hours.State vice president of minority wing Sayeed Ebrahim Fakre accused that the district administration had made no preparations for the fair. \"Visitors should be provided with same facilities as provided during the Urs in the dargah of Khwaja Moinuddin Chishty,\" said Fakre.The wing said a survey found that even patch work has not been done on the roads nor have any parking facilities been arranged. \"We demanded vishramsthali for lakhs of devotees coming to Pushkar on the occasion of Kartika Purnima,\" Fakre added.The organization briefed that state government has sanctioned Rs 1.25 crore for the fair. Out of which Rs 50 lakh will be spent on the construction of a helipad in Pushkar and the balance amount will be used for development of facilities in the town.The minority wing also said that since Pushkar is a spiritual and religious place, as per a local law, meat, eggs and liquor are banned within the municipal limits, but still they are being sold and purchased in the area.The organization also demanded tightening of security at the time of the fair, \"We are holding one-day hunger strike on Monday to raise our demand for facilities during the Pushkar fair. We will start an agitation if our demands are not fulfilled,\" said member of the organization.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17081589", "title": "State transport buses may get sleeper coaches", "text": "NASHIK: In order to attract the elite traveller in the competitive tourism market, the Maharashtra State Transport Corporation (MSRTC) is surveying the possibility of launching a sleeper coach service for its long distance routes, MSRTC chairman, Jeevan Gore said, during his tour of MSRTC's Nashik region on Friday. Gore said that the corporation was aiming at self-reliance in the next five years.and was looking for ways to attract more travellers.\"To compete with private transporters who are offering 'sleeper coach' services, MSRTC, too, is considering adding the service. Though no decision has been reached yet, surveys are identifying where the services could be launched.Our mechanical wing is also considering potential designs for such buses,\" the chairman said. He, however, added that the corporation would take its time before arriving at a conclusive decision regarding the additional feature.cautious of making a quick decision regarding the service. \"The corporation would spend lot of time before arriving at the conclusion to experiment with such a bus service to ensure that it really works,\" Gore said.He drew home his point citing example of late introduction of Shivneri (A/C - Volvo) and Sheetal (Semi-luxury A/C coach). \"These were some of the measures that corporation took to better its prospects in the transportation sector,\" said Gore, who took over the charge two months ago.Box70 pc MSRTC staff to retire by 2014 More than 70 percent of existing staff of MSRTC is to retire around 2014 because of which the corporation will have to take steps to ensure that it has proper manpower to run its fleet of buses.\"Financial crunch staggered the recruitment process which in turn lowered the quality of services to the consumers. The MSRTC is taking slow but sure steps in the interest of the society. With the superannuation of 70 percent of 1.04 lakh employees and officials round the corner, the MSRTC will have to take measures to strengthen its manpower and we are devising ways for the same,\" Gore said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "behrampore", "code": "17082399", "title": "Denied 'dada' fees, ticket agents knife duo", "text": "BEHRAMPORE: Trouble broke out at Khagraghat Road station on Saturday after two passengers waiting at the ticket counter were allegedly knifed by ticket agents because they refused to pay 'dada' charges. Both Biman Sheikh and his uncle Mohabbat Sheikh are undergoing treatment at Murshidabad Medical College Hospital.Witnesses alleged though the assault took place in presence of police and railway staff, they chose to remain indifferent, thereby laying bare the nexus between railway staff and agents. The locals came to Biman' s aid and managed to nab agent Raju Sheikh. He was later handed over to police.\"I was first in the reservation line. I reached the station around 2am on Friday as I had to reserve seats on a Mumbai-bound train. When I refused to give in to the agents' demand for money, they threatened to put me on the eighth position in the queue. But when I did not pay heed, they attacked me and my uncle,\" said Biman Sheikh.\"Biman refused to pay Rs100 to ticket racket agent Raju and his aide and so they attacked him with a knife. His uncle was also not spared when he rushed to Biman's help.How dare they attack a passenger who has been waiting in the queue since 2 am,\" said Kunal Das, another passenger who had witnessed the brawl.Murshidabad Congress MP Mannan Hossein said, \"I live just half a kilometre away from the station and I am scared as people are upset over the unholy nexus between ticket agents and railway staff and can rise in protest any day. I have informed railway minister of state, Adhir Chowdhury and demanded an RPF assistance centre at Khagraghat Road station.\"He also said that a few months ago, a passenger was gang-raped near the station while on her way back home. Sahida Bibi, wife of Mohabbat Sheikh, alleged: \"My husband rushed to help on seeing his nephew being attacked. It is surprising that neither GRP nor railway staff came to their help. If passengers remain united, such incidents would not happen in future.\"A senior police official admitted that very few GRP personnel are posted at the station and it isn't possible for them to tackle the huge passenger flow. \"No GRP staffer was posted at the ticket counter during the assault. We have arrested one Raju Sheikh and are looking into the matter,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17082344", "title": "Developers' body wants time till March to pay VAT", "text": "PUNE: Real estate developers' body Marathi Bandhkam Vyavasayik Association (MBVA) has asked for time till March 31, 2013, to complete formalities and payment of the Value Added Tax on residential units sold between June 20, 2006, and March 31, 2010.MBVA president Rajendra Pate told reporters on Saturday that the organisation has sought an extension in time for VAT payment from the state government and demanded that payment delays be exempt from interest and penalty.\"Developers could not fulfill their obligation of paying VAT by the October 31 deadline. Calculation complexities, remittance software problems and issues with the sales tax department's servers were the main factors that led to the default,\" Pate said.He said MBVA is firm on its view that a house is an immovable property and VAT provisions do not extend to any immovable property. He said that the Bombay high court, while deciding on the organisation's petition on VAT, had said the concerned officer should take a call while assessing each case. \"We have appealed to the state government to direct the sales tax officials to charge a flat 1% VAT on the deals done during the period under contest,\" he said.Pate said MBVA members will make sure they produce proper papers to the customers while demanding VAT and try to avoid any litigation. \"VAT, as an indirect tax, must be paid by the customer,\" Pate said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17081367", "title": "Court orders police enquiry against college principal", "text": "NAGPUR: The court of chief judicial magistrate (CJM) here has directed the Ambazari police to investigate and submit a report regarding serious allegations made against the principal of RS Mundle Dharampeth Arts and Commerce College and president of Dharampeth Education Society running it. The CJM asked the police to complete the enquiry in a month before fixing the next hearing on November 30. The cops were given liberty to refer the documents to handwriting experts.The complainant teacher was the HoD of music and was a victim of alleged conspiracy that led to her suspension from the job, informed her lawyer Ashok Raghute. He claimed that the conspiracy was hatched by her two juniors - one is a blind female and the other is a male, along with the principal Sandhya Nair and society president Akhilesh Peshwe, alleged Raghute.According to the lawyer, his client was a popular teacher and it troubled the principal. One of her juniors who was visually handicapped made a complaint to the college principal that the complainant locked the department and did not allow her to use the equipment.The principal demoted the complainant on basis of complaints from her two juniors and two students. After she approached University and College Tribunal, the presiding officer ordered the principal to restore her to original post. However, she was issued a show cause notice followed by a suspension order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17084319", "title": "Nordmann's Greenshank bird on IUCN's endangered list", "text": "NEW DELHI: Nordmann's Greenshank, a beautiful Russian shorebird which migrates annually to many south Asian countries, including India, is listed as 'endangered' on the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species.The key threat to the bird is the rapid rate of reclamation and development of coastal wetlands throughout Asia for industry, infrastructure and aquaculture, said the International Union for Conservation of Nature, world's oldest and largest global environmental organisation.Pollution in coastal wetlands, hunting and human disturbance also threaten this species, and the degradation of its breeding habitat is caused by grazing reindeer, the IUCN said.A few protected and non-hunting areas have been established in Russia and along the migration route of the bird, also known as Spotted Greenshank.According to Birdlife International, breeding adults of Nordmann's Greenshank are boldly marked with whitish spots and spangling on blackish upper side, heavily streaked head and upper neck, broad blackish crescentic spots on lower neck and breast and darker lores.\"In flight, it shows all-white upper tail-coverts and rather uniform greyish tail. Toes do not extend beyond tail tip,\" it said.\"Conservation priorities include establishing further protected areas in its breeding grounds, as well as at important sites in the winter range, drafting management plans for coastal wetlands to promote their conservation, banning the hunting of all shorebirds in its breeding grounds and providing full legal protection throughout the range,\" the IUCN said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17083041", "title": "Acharya Vihar roads hit encroachment bump", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Touted as one of the posh localities of the state capital, Acharya Vihar is also one of the most neglected, when it comes to road connectivity. Locals complain that although the area is adjacent to NH-5, one can't access the thoroughfare because of poor roads and encroachment.Towards the end of Acharya Vihar area (near Jayadev Vihar), the road connecting the two localities has been choked because of encroachments. \"The Jayadev Vihar flyover poses a serious communication problem. If we have to come to the main road, we need to take a roundabout route,\" said Hara Prasad Mishra, a local resident. What makes matters worse is overflowing drains. Locals said drain-4 and drain-6 wreak havoc in rainy season. It becomes a tough task for the BMC to manage the water flow.Bhagaban Prasad Das, secretary of Acharya Vihar Parishad, the residents' welfare association, said the drainage problem had been discussed several times at city management group (CMG) meetings, but nothing has been done till today. \"Parishad members have been running from pillar to post for an approach road, eviction of encroachments and construction of proper drains, but in vain,\" Das alleged.One of the oldest localities of the city, Acharya Vihar does not have a park either. Recently, the BMC earmarked Rs 20 lakh to construct a park on a vacant space.Next on the list of Acharya Vihar's woes, comes the change of post office site. \"The post office is still named Acharya Vihar post office but it runs from Police Colony,\" rued Siddharth Das, president of the parishad. The area also needs a police outpost at the earliest, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17082147", "title": "Over 55 BJP councillors in race for tickets", "text": "SURAT: Over 55 municipal councillors belonging to ruling BJP are in the race for getting the party's mandate to contest the assembly elections to be held in December.Many of these councillors have been elected for two terms in the Surat Municipal Corporation. A BJP observer committee had recently visited the city wherein these councillors put forth their demand.However, party insiders said BJP leadership was not too keen to give tickets to the councillors. The party leadership will give ticket to a councillor only in an exceptional case, they said.The party leadership is perplexed because many supporters of the sitting BJP MLAs from Surat are demanding tickets for themselves. The BJP observer committee reportedly has submitted its list. The local party unit, which is plagued by groupism, too has sent its list. At present there are three groups that are active in the city unit of the BJP. All these groups have demanded tickets for their supporters.However, the party leadership can take solace from the fact that this time, thanks to the demarcation, there are 12 assembly seats in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17081540", "title": "Court verdict on Pacheco's plea on Dec 5", "text": "MARGAO: The Margao additional sessions court is likely to pronounce its judgment on December 5 on a plea filed by former tourism minister and Nuvem legislator Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco challenging a six-month jail term imposed against him by the assistant session's court in the electricity department junior engineer assault case.During the hearing of the case on Saturday, the judge, Vijaya Pol reserved the verdict after hearing the arguments of the prosecution and the accused. Public prosecutor Subhash Dessai argued against the plea filed by Pacheco.Subhash also countered the contention of Pacheco's counsel Surendra Desai who said that the speakers' sanction was required for prosecution as Pacheco was an MLA at the time of the incident.The public prosecutor stated that that the protection given under Section 197 of CrPC is to protect responsible public servants against the institutions of vexatious or false criminal proceedings.Subhash said that 'this is not applicable to any member of legislative assembly (MLA) and MLAs do not come within the ambit of definition of public servant in this context'.\"The offence of assaulting or using criminal force to deter any public servant from discharge of his duty had no proximity with the official duties to require sanction for prosecution,\" Subhash added.He stated that the MLA was not performing any public duty but only discharging functions cast on him by the constitution of India, though he is remunerated by fees.Dealing with the argument as to the why prosecution failed to examine Pacheco's personal assistant (PA) and one more person present in the office at the time of the incident, the public prosecutor argued that their police statement do not disclose any truth and as such there were dropped by the prosecution, and that the quality of evidence should be given consideration as held in various Supreme Court decisions.Pacheco was held guilty initially in April 2011 by a JMFC court for assaulting a junior engineer of the electricity department, Kapil Natekar, after calling him to his office on July 16, 2006. Pacheco had allegedly assaulted him as he did not attend a phone call relating to a complaint of power failure. In October, 2011, the assistant sessions court reduced the sentence to six months imprisonment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17083959", "title": "Governor stresses es on quality education at Integral varsity convocation", "text": "LUCKNOW: Governor B L Joshi on Saturday stressed quality and research-oriented academics at the university level, while chief minister Akhilesh Yadav said the government was taking serious initiatives to bring about prosperity in in Uttar Pradesh through education. He was speaking at the fourth convocation ceremony of Integral University in Lucknow on Saturday. Governor said getting a degree was not the end but the beginning of a journey towards a better tomorrow.\"The time has come where quality of education will make a difference,\" Joshi said, adding \"the onus of maintaining quality in education rests on universities.\"Addressing the gathering as chief guest of the occasion, Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav expressed hope that students who got degrees, would work with honesty and bring laurels to the state and serve the society. He added that in a short period, the Integral University had earned a reputation for itself and pointed out that it was the first university from the private sector to be set up in the city and the previous SP government had accorded it the status of a minority institution, a first in the private sector.Pointing out that creating job opportunities was a major challenge before his government and that the government was working seriously in this direction, the CM said the government was making efforts to encourage industries to set up base in UP so that more jobs were created. A new industrial and infrastructure policy had been implemented and until more jobs were created, he informed, his government was distributing unemployment allowance.Minister for health and family welfare Ahmad Hasan said on the occasion that the Integral University had achieved a special status for itself imparting technical education to minority community students. Leader of Physician Across Continent, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, Dayal Al Sharhani announced signing of a memorandum of understanding with Integral Institute of Medical Sciences and Research for education and training of students and teachers.A total of 1,600 students including 60 gold and silver medals recipients were awarded degrees. on Saturday.As many as 18 research scholars were received their PhD degrees. Vice-chancellor S W Akhtar highlighted the growth of the institution in a short span of eight years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17080821", "title": "3 days to go, poll averags puts Obama only 0.1% ahead", "text": "Most opinion polls in the United States are showing a tie between Barack Obama and Mitt Romney with just three days left for the November 6 vote. An average of all polls, done by Real Clear Politics, gives a 0.1% advantage to Obama, while a similar exercise by BBC ties them at 49% each. Is this for real or are the pollsters missing out on something? What is their track record?The last close election was Bush vs Gore in 2000. Bush lost the popular vote by 0.1% but won anyway, getting five more electoral college votes than Al Gore after endless recounts in Florida . Democrat Gore had a slight edge in two polls, while seven other polls leaned to Republican Bush. The Harris poll had it tied. So they may get it right, even in tight elections.In 1996, all nine polls went wrong in giving Clinton more than he actually got in his re-election bid. In 2004, another close election, which Bush won by a margin of 2.4%, most pollsters were giving a margin of 2 to 3 percentage points with some glaring exceptions \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the conservative Fox News gave Democrat Kerry a 2% lead, CNN-USA Today-Gallup predicted a tie and Newsweek magazine said Bush would win by 6%.In the last elections, Obama won by a margin of 7.3%. Gallup and Reuters/Zogby/CSPAN were predicting a margin of 11%, while ABC and CBS were saying 9%. Both CNN and Fox were much closer, predicting a 7% win.According to a recent Pew Research Center survey report on how representative opinion polls are in the US, response rates in opinion polls have plummeted from about 36% in 1997 to just 9% in 2012. Response rate is the number of households that respond to telephone surveys per 100 sampled households. A very low response rate is not a healthy sign for the pollster.The Pew report said that it was becoming increasingly difficult to connect to adults who are willing to spend time taking a poll. Part of the reason is the extensive use of cellphones. In the face of these difficulties, at least one pollster, Rasmussen, has started using robo-callers \u00e2\u20ac\u201d computerized callers. Pollsters are now specifying whether landlines were used or cellphones because many experts have pointed out that the younger generation will probably have a cellphone, thereby skewing the results in a particular way.The telephone survey has another wrinkle. Do Democrats and Republicans have similar cellphone ownership, asks Salvatore Babones an associate fellow at the Institute for Policy Studies (IPS) in Washington. Any skew either way would spoil the opinion poll results, he says.There have been some spectacular failures in the past. The Literary Digest was the top pollster in the US in the early 20th century, having accurately predicted the 1916, 1920, 1924, 1928, and 1932 presidential elections. Opinion polling was in its infancy at the time, and the Digest used to go for huge samples of hundreds of thousands.It met its nemesis in 1936 by predicting that Republican Alf Landon would defeat Democrat Franklin Delano Roosevelt . As it turned out, FDR won in a landslide. Such was the ridicule heaped on the Digest that it sold out to Time magazine in 1938. That was the end of the straw polls as a reliable tool.The person who used the same election to make his reputation was George Gallup . He used a smaller, but more representative sampling and got the result right.But in 1948, Gallup bit the dust in the most dramatic and unforgettable way. His 'quota' polling method of selecting samples from various segments of population (women, Blacks etc) led to the prediction that Thomas Dewey would defeat sitting president Harry Truman . Most political experts and journalists accepted this and it was almost a fait accompli. Chicago Tribune , which recently switched to offset printing, printed a banner headline \"Dewey Defeats Truman\" before results were out. Truman romped to a big win. When he reached Washington, he was famously photographed grinning and holding up the paper showing the wrong headline.Experts agree that exit polls are probably more accurate. They definitely have better response rates. However, they are more costly as people have to be employed to go out to booths and talk to voters coming out. So many pollsters are abandoning this method. In which case - just wait till the 7th of November, that is, 8th here in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17082305", "title": "24 new cases of dengue in Pune", "text": "PUNE: As many as 24 new cases of dengue were reported in the city on Saturday. Also, four other people tested positive for the H1N1 influenza on Saturday.This is the third time since last week that such a large number of dengue cases was reported on a single day. Earlier, 29 cases were reported on October 31 and another 23 on November 1.A health official from the Pune Municipal Corporation said the total number of patients testing positive this year has crossed the 500-mark and reached 531. Five people have succumbed to the disease.The official added that the total number of H1N1-positive patients in the city since April has reached 477.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17082938", "title": "Sabyasachi charts poster escape route", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Top expelled Maoist leader Sabyasachi Panda is trying hard to spread his network. The Red leader, who is now fighting a two-pronged war with security forces and other Maoist groups, is banking on a poster campaign to gain the confidence of local people.Senior police officials said there are two motives behind Panda trying to spread his tentacles. First, he wants to move to a secure place before the security forces zero in on him, and secondly, he is out to cash in on the vacuum created by other Maoist groups in Sambalpur-Deogarh-Sundargarh (SDS) region and Nuapada-Balangir-Kalahandi (NBK) region.\"Sabyasachi Panda is a wanted Maoist and security forces are keeping a vigilant eye on him. His area of operation until now remained limited to borders of Ganjam, parts of Rayagada and Kandhamal districts and he is now looking for a safe haven to move elsewhere in case of raids. He is also trying to capitalize on the resources of SDS region, where there are industries and a lot of government money being pumped into the area for development,\" said Sanjay Kumar , DIG (northern range).The SDS region till 2009 was dominated by Jharkhand Maoist cadres. Because of frequent raids, arrests, surrenders and counter-insurgency operations, Jharkhand Maoists lost the base, the DIG said. \"This is an advantage for Panda as he has been running for cover ever since he was isolated by Maoists. By shifting his base he can not only generate funds but can also hoodwink security forces,\" the officer said.Panda's henchmen reportedly distributed leaflets and posters in NBK regions recently. All posters bore his pseudonym Sunil, as secretary, Odisha Maobadi Party (OMP). A large of number of posters were found in Komna, Udyan Bandh, Nuapada, Sunabeda regions, which are now dominated by Chhattisgarh and Andhra cadres.The expelled Maoist leader might be trying to spread his tentacles as he is a highly wanted man, reiterated S Dev Dutta Singh, DIG (south western range). \"The Maoist leader is still holed up in Kandhamal region and his operation till now has been limited to Kandhamal, parts of Rayagada and Ganjam district. After being ousted from his own party, he is now on the run,\" Singh pointed out.Sources said Panda always abhorred Andhar Odisha Border (AOB) cadres. The posters revealed his hatred. \"The Telugu Maoists are exploitative. Don't cooperate with them in staging bandhs. They can't understand the pulse of Odia people,\" one of the posters read.Rourkela SP Himanshu Kumar Lal, however, said the Maoists' Dakshin Chhotanagpur Dalam outfit still hold sway in Saranda area -- a part of SDS region. \"It will be difficult for Panda to operate in this area because it has been a strong base of these cadres. Panda, being isolated with dwindling number of supporters, might not be able to make entry into the area,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17082941", "title": "East Coast Railway observes vigilance week", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Orissa high court Chief Justice V Gopala Gowda on Saturday asked railway staff to strive for total transparency in their functioning, a press release said.Addressing an event to mark vigilance awareness week at East Coast Railway headquarters, Gowda appreciated the initiative taken by the vigilance department of ECoR in creating awareness through various competitions, exhibitions and other means among school children, railway employees and the general public. Gowda said self-consciousness and transparency in dealings among family members are major values to prevent corruption in society. ECoR general manager Indra Ghosh also spoke on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17082577", "title": "Woman killed, 9 hurt as van overturns", "text": "CHENNAI: A 38-year-old woman died and nine others were injured when the van they were travelling in ran over a tyre and overturned near Red Hills on the Grand North Trunk Road on Friday. A hunt is on for the van driver.Police said the van was taking 10 employees of a garment export company at Pattaravakkam near Ambattur to their homes in Ponneri and Pazhaverkadu when suddenly a spare tyre rolled out from a lorry travelling in front. The driver of the van was caught unawares and the vehicle hit the rolling tyre and ran over it. Due to the speed at which it was travelling, the van overturned.One of the garments firm employees, S Valli, 38, of Pazhaverkadu near Ponneri, was caught under the vehicle and died on the spot. The rest, including Samadu, 28, and Soumya, 18, suffered injuries. Police soon arrived and the injured were taken to a private hospital.Valli's body was taken to the Stanley Medical College and Hospital for autopsy. Due to the accident, traffic was thrown out of gear on both sides on busy GNT Road for more than half-an-hour.Assistant commissioner of police P Radhakrishnan and others helped regulate the traffic. The Madhavaram traffic investigation police registered a case under Section 304 (a) (death caused due to negligence) of Indian Penal Code.The van was taking employees of a garment export company home when a spare tyre rolled out from a lorry travelling in the front, catching the van driver unawares.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "17082828", "title": "BJP sees Ibobi role in Loktak clean-up scam", "text": "IMPHAL: The opposition BJP in Manipur has accused chief minister Okram Ibobi Singh and his son of involvement in the multi-crore Loktak clean-up scam and has demanded a thorough probe into it.The saffron party's zonal secretary (northeast) P Chandrasekhar Rao said the Loktak Development Authority (LDA) awarded work order amounting to Rs 224 crore to a firm - M/s K Pro Infra Works Pvt Ltd on August 1, 2009 for cleaning the Phumdis (floating bio mass) from Loktak lake in Bishnupur district.\"Interestingly, the firm was the lone bidder in the process of the tender,\" Chandrasekhar said at a media conference here on Saturday afternoon.It is mandatory to have at least three bidders in any tender work, he said, adding that awarding the work to a single bidder violates CPWD norms. Being the LDA chairman, the CM was fully involved in awarding the work order to the firm.In order to acquire the tender work without anybody's interference, the CM had earlier awarded a work order amounting to Rs 3.61 crore to a firm named M/s Progressive Constructive Limited (PCL), a Hyderabad-based firm, on August 21, 2008.\"The work order was issued on a trial basis, but such a system does not even exist,\" said the BJP leader.K Pro Infra Works is purely a brainchild of the CM in collusion with PCL. Ibobi shares a common treasury and in a flimsy maneuver with the company. He, in collusion with PCL, invented the sister firm and named it K Pro to suit his systematic plan, Chandrasekhar alleged.\"The CM was shrewd enough to change the firm from PCL to K Pro to escape the public outrage. However, both the firms are one and the same thing only with different names,\" he said.Stating that the work's tender notification made by the LDA on June 4, 2009 mentioned its nature as \"Management of Phumdis in Loktak lake\", he said people residing beyond the state do not know the meaning of the Manipuri word 'Phumdis' and hence it also breaches the CPWD norms.Alleging that the CM's son is one of the key promoters of the firm (K Pro), Chandrasekhar demanded a status paper on the work given to the firm by the state government.Seeking a special audit probe into by the CAG, an inquiry commission will be instituted with a sitting Supreme Court judge as chairman, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17081572", "title": "Hooda offers incentives for investment in region", "text": "GURGAON: Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda pledged incentives for industries investing in the backward regions of the state.Addressing Invest North Conclave, organized by CII to showcase investment opportunities in northern states, Hooda said his state government is adopting innovative systems to promote industrialization.\"The infrastructure, industry-friendly policies, responsive administration, law and order situation and abundant skilled manpower have made Haryana a preferred destination for industrial development\" he said.Citing the recent ASSOCHAM report, he said 87% of the total investment received in Haryana is from the private sector. \"Health services are being expanded and new medical colleges are being set up. State would like to involve private sector in the development of medical infrastructure and facilities through PPP mode,\" he added. He assured that the government will do everything to maintain healthy industrial relations in the state.He also said that the average annual growth rate of Haryana has been 9.4% during the past seven years as against the national growth rate of 8.4%.Speaking about the projects, HSIIDC MD, Rajiv Arora said the state government is striving to improve connectivity, ensure quality power supply, water supply and provide effective logistic support to the industries. In this connection, he mentioned about the development of 135 kilometer long KMP Expressway and Metro in Gurgaon. Metro to Faridabad is under construction and Metro has also been approved upto Bahadurgarh. Rapid Rail Connection to Panipat is also on the anvil.Delhi-Mumbai Industrial Corridor is another ambitious project, which covers 66% of the state across 13 districts, which will throw up huge investment opportunities. The industrial infrastructure in the state is being strengthened through the development of new IMTs, industrial estates, besides developing parks like food parks and IT parks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17085383", "title": "T-wood celebs at Agnidev Chatterjee\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s premiere", "text": "The entire Tollywood fraternity seemed to have gathered at the premiere of Agnidev Chatterjee's recently released film, 3 Kanya.The theatre was chock-a-block with guests and celebs as they waited for the director to introduce his cast. Among the leading ladies of the film, we saw newcomer Unnati Davara in a pink bling sari smiling and talking to those congratulating her.Ananya Chatterjee looked hot in a green short dress. And the biggest surprise for everyone was Rituparna Sengupta arriving on time, as the director joked, \"Perhaps for the first time in 20 years, Ritu has reached an event on time. She should be applauded.\"Ritu was wearing a blue off-shoulder Cinderella dress, but changed into a black body-hugging one during the after-party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "17081609", "title": "Man who threatened Ashok Khemka sent in 3-day police remand", "text": "PANCHKULA: A Panchkula court on Saturday sent Umed Singh, a former employee of the Haryana Housing Board, who had allegedly threatened whistleblower IAS officer Ashok Khemka, to three-day police remand. The police have also added Section 66A of the Information Technology (IT) Act in the FIR registered against Umed Singh for sending \"offensive messages, using an electronic device\" to Khemka.The IAS officer had cancelled the mutation of Vadra-DLF land deal on October 15.Umed Singh was arrested from Gurgaon on Friday on the charges of making a threat call to Khemka on his office number.During the hearing, police department had requested the court to grant four-day remand on the plea that the cellphone which was used by the accused to make the call from Gurgaon on Tuesday was still to be recovered. Public prosecutor Dharam Pal told the court that during his service in housing board, Umed Singh was posted in four districts -- Hisar, Faridabad, Gurgaon and Panchkula -- and his record could be procured only on Monday, as all government departments are closed on Saturday and Sunday.However, Umed Singh's counsel, Amit Dudeja argued in the court that merely recovery of a cellphone can not be a strong basis to seek four days of police custody and service record of the dismissed employee could be collected by the investigating agency even in the absence of the accused.Meanwhile, police investigations have revealed that mobile connection, which was allegedly being used by Umed Singh, was registered in the name of his son.\"Umed Singh sounded quite confident while making the call to Khemka's office at 3.50pm on Tuesday. He even told the woman employee at Khemka's office that suspension orders of Khemka would be issued by 6pm the same day. The accused also threatened that he would not allow Khemka to live in Haryana,\" police sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17081627", "title": "Expect more rainfall in the coming days", "text": "COIMBATORE: Though Coimbatore has received far less rain that usual, meteorologists feel there is nothing to worry. \"There would be steady rainfall in the coming days, which would bridge the deficiency. However, don't expect the kind of heavy rains that lashed Chennai and other costal regions in Coimbatore because the topography of the regions are different,'' says V Geethalakshmi, head of the Agro Climate Research Centre at Tamil Nadu Agricultural University here.Discussing cyclone Nilam that triggered heavy rains in the coastal areas, she said two more cyclones are expected to lash Chennai coast in the coming days. \"The north-east monsoon is catching up. It will bring in more rain, she says. The coastal areas normally receive more rainfall than other parts during the north-east monsoon, she said.Coimbatore is expected to receive average or above average rains during the NE monsoon. Till now, the region has received around 175mm of rain from the NE monsoon. Another 150mm to 175mm of rainfall is expected between November and the beginning of December. Monsoon is expected to taper of after the second week of December. Geethalakshmi said rain in the district would increase in the coming days. The monsoon would be more effective due to the El Nino effect, which would result in average to heavy rainfall in the region, she said.Farmers say lack of rain during the south-west monsoon had affected agriculture. Valukkupara Balu, president, Vyavasayigal Sangam, said if the rainfall did not improve, farmers would suffer losses. \"Coimbatore did not get enough rain during the south-west monsoon. We need more water for farming,\" he said. A Kalimuthu, a farmer at Madukkarai, also said more rainfall was essential for the wells to have water. \"We hope it will happen. If not, most of us who grow vegetables will suffer severe loss,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17086176", "title": "'Japanese Wife' to be closing film at Kolkata fest", "text": "Eminent Bangladeshi director Tanvir Mokammel's work on the life of the first woman from Indian subcontinent to write a book in Bengali on Japan will be the closing film of the documentary section of Kolkata International Film Festival to be held from November 10-17.The festival will showcase Mokammel's \"The Japanese Wife\" and \"A Tale of the Jamuna River\".The hour-long \"The Japanese Wife\" is based on Hariprova (Basu Mallik) Takeda's life and travelogue in Japan who had married a Japanese entrepreneur and lived in that country for several years before breathing her last in West Bengal.Born in Dhaka, Hariprobha married a Japanese entrepreneur Wemon Takeda, and travelled to Tokyo in 1912 and worked as a news reader in Bengali for Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose's INA during World War II.She wrote \"Bongo Mohilar Japan Jatra\" , a memoir of her journey to Japan in 1912, considered the first book on that country by any woman from the subcontinent. The book was first published from Dhaka in 1915.\"A Tale of the Jamuna River\" saw Mokammel and his crew following the course of the river Jamuna on a boat towards downstream where the Padma river has confluence with it. The film deals with different aspects of the Jamuna river-- its vastness, erosion, shoals, fish and the people living on its banks.Mokammel has also been invited to Kolkata Film Festival but will not be able to make it to the festival because of his preoccupation with the shooting of his liberation war based feature film \"Jibon Dhuli\" (The Drummer) about a Hindu drummer subjected to atrocities by Pakistani occupation army.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17082713", "title": "'Squash needs to be part of Olympics'", "text": "MUMBAI: Like any other squash player, David Letourneau spends his days shuttling between various airports almost unnoticed; living out of his suitcase and hoping for the big win in the next tournament. So, it was a indeed a surprise for the 23-year-old when he found himself flooded by autograph requests at the Cricket Club of India, where he is the men's top-seed in the CCI-Western India Squash Tournament.It was a case of mistaken identities, as the Canadian realised soon enough. \"I was surprised by the requests for autographs. Then I realised they took me to be one of the English cricket players who were probably playing at the ( Brabourne ) stadium,\" Letourneau recalled.However, for Letourneau this lack of recognition matters as less as the lack of money and prospects. In a country that prides itself on its ice hockey exploits, Letourneau's choice would seem out of the mainstream. \"My Mum and Dad both played squash at the club level. In fact, they met and fell in love while playing the game. So, it was a natural choice for me. All the other kids played ice hockey, but I was just keen on squash,\" said the world No.115 who turned pro last year. \"Squash is the quintessential Olympic sport. It's more amateur than professional. Viewership issues always became a hurdle. But now with hi-res cameras things are getting better for TV viewing.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17083933", "title": "BSNL loses Rs 90cr revenue to cheats; 2 held in Rampur", "text": "LUCKNOW: Central Bureau of Investigation sleuths on Saturday raided a number of locations in Rampur district of Uttar Pradesh in connection with the fraud in which the International Subscriber Dialing (ISD) call services of the Bharatiya Sanchar Nigam Limited (BSNL) was misused by some miscreants to pocket crores of rupees as part of an international racket. The sleuths detained two persons who were rounded up from their homes in Rampur.A team from the CBI reached Rampur on Saturday morning escorted by the district police and raided half a dozen locations in the district. Two persons were detained from two of the locations and taken away for questioning. Though the CBI team in Rampur refused to divulge further details of the case, sources said the BSNL had unearthed a racket which cost the nigam over Rs 90 crore in Rampur.Sources said miscreants used to seek landline connections using fake documents of identity and residential address. Thereafter, the gang would offer international calls on heavily reduced rates. The gang would use their landline connections to put the caller through and pocket from him the charges levied. Once the bill on the landline connection was abnormally high, the gang would surrender the connection and use a new one.By the time the BSNL could get wind of the fraud, the gang would shift base to another city and start afresh. Sources say the gang dealt a blow of Rs 90 crore to BSNL from Rampur alone and loss incurred by the corporation at all the places has yet to be calculated.Sources in CBI said the racket had acquired an international dimension of late where kingpins would operate from overseas and pocket a chunk of the income made through illegal means and the local hands here would get a small share.The CBI is probing into the modus oprandi of this new angle too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17086556", "title": "Types of friends everyone must have", "text": "Just like a band of superheroes needs members who have different talents and powers, a circle of friends should have exactly the same thing, researchers say.\"It's important to have diversity and to be able to look for support from a variety of sources,\" News quoted clinical and coaching psychologist and founder of 'The Positivity Institute' Dr. Suzy Green as saying.\"They also help us to keep broader perspective on life,\" she said.While many people are lucky to count real friends on one hand, there are certain types of people it's good to have around.The friend who's cooler than you - the world changes quickly and some people are just that little bit better at keeping up with what's hip than we are. We like being around these people because they're a beacon of cool and cool things just flock to them.These are the people who help you to open your eyes, have a flow-on effect for introducing you to other cool people and help to unstick yourself from the rut that's all too easy to get bogged in.\"These people enrich your life by exposing you to things that may have otherwise have passed you by\" Domonique Bertolucci, life coach and author of 'The Happiness Code', said.The friend who is up for anything - everyone needs a friend who you can call at the drop of a hat. A friend who says \"hell yeah, I'm up for that\". That's why it's good to have a mate who doesn't need a 28-day notice to just to meet for a frappuccino.\"This friend is the flexible, no frills friend who makes your life a breeze. Nothing is ever too hard and they''re open to doing new things and changing plans at short notice,\" Dr. Green said.Bertolucci agrees.\"Their enthusiasm is contagious and you always have more fun when they are around,\" he said.The friend who you aspire to be - Oprah Winfrey once said \"surround yourself with only people who are going to lift you higher\". These people challenge you to be the best version of yourself.The only downside is that sometimes they can be infuriating and inspiring in equal measure.\"This friend is only an important role model if they behave in ways that are authentic and genuine. They will see the best in you and give you important feedback on both your strengths and weaknesses,\" Dr. Green said.The friend who doesn't know any of your other friends - we like integration and killing two birds with one stone by catching up with several groups of friends at once, but there are times when you need to make an S.O.S call to a friend who is completely uninvolved and removed from a situation who can offer objective advice so it a bonus that your friendship exists without orbiting around your other ones.\"There is a level of privacy to this friendship that doesn''t exist in friendship circles,\" Bertolucci said.\"It will be easier to share some of your hopes and dreams, fears and concerns knowing that they are not going to be discussed when you''re not around,\" he said.The friend who's painfully honest - an honest friend will not always tell you what you want to hear, but they'll certainly tell you what you need to know like if he/she is really that into you.When you've got a crisis on your hands or need to make a quick decision they are your go-to. They're also there to keep you away from mixing paisleys and stripes.According to Green, this type of friend has the strength of \"feedback\" and \"is a pearl who will tell it to you straight when others won't or will sugarcoat things at the very least.\"But she warns that this friend is someone who does it with good intentions and for your own benefit.The friend you've known longer than you've known yourself - this is that friend who sees you out of the context of your job, your relationship, your other friends and your life as it is now. This is the friend who knew you when you had pimples and a bowl cut.There is something special about this person because they feel like home. It's nice and comforting to be around someone who has known you forever.\"This is a friend you never have to put on a brave face for,\" Bertolucci said.\"They know you better than you know yourself and accept you unconditionally,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "17081415", "title": "Pissurlem's Gaonkarwada water bodies polluted", "text": "KERI: The environmental and pollution control wing of the directorate of health services (DHS) has stated that water bodies like wells, seasonal nallas in Gaonkarwada, Pissurlem, are contaminated with coliform organism and that the water is not safe for human consumption.Following complaints filed Shankar Narayan Parab and Minika Parab from Gaonkarwada, the Pissurlem's former sarpanch Sagun Wadkar asked the community health centre to collect water samples and the same were sent for analysis. N S Shirodkar, senior scientific assistant and P B S Hedge, scientific officer of environment and pollution control wing of the DHS has submitted its report to Dr Surekha Parulekar, health officer of Valpoi.\"I am aware about the issue and will convene the meeting of concerned industrial units responsible for causing water pollution in Gaonkarwada,\" said Vijay Parab, sarpanch of Pissurlem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "crows tend to not favour the terrace of the seven-storeyed sai shraddha building in deonar. reason", "code": "17081055", "title": "Who needs TV when there is internet?", "text": "Crows tend to not favour the terrace of the seven-storeyed Sai Shraddha building in Deonar. Reason: It does not have a single dish antenna. \"They have been avoided for fear of structural damage,\" says Girish Mallya, who stays on the sixth floor. \"That's why you will find DTH antennae sticking out of balconies instead.\"Mallya's balcony, however, isn't one of them. The science editor's house faces a direction with bad reception and the cable man, who has been paid for a year in advance, has not yet lived up to his promise of delivering the set-top box.That's why, now, days after the digitalization deadline of October 31 has passed, Mallya's TV screen looks like a crow has been sitting on the antennae. However, this loss does not seem to rattle him.In an age of multiple news sources, the Twitter timeline serves the purpose of breaking news even better than TV ever did for Mallya, who is also following the mayor of New York on the social network.\"In fact, I get to know the happenings about a day in advance as I also follow some news networks,\" says Mallya, who realised before many of his friends did that some of the pictures of Hurricane Sandy that had been released in the media were fake.As for entertainment, besides the odd American TV show and a popular Hindi reality show (\"the only piece of regressive Indian television I used to watch\"), Mallya was not really a big consumer of the idiot-box. So even if the set-top box does arrive, \"TV is not important to me any more\", says Mallya.The dramatic blackout warnings on TV in the days leading up to the October 31 deadline in their own way conveyed a nation's addictive love for the small screen. Here, actress Shweta Tiwari would appear at the end of almost- a minute-long grainy screen not to apologise for the interruption but to coax viewers to opt for set-top box. Yet, there was a small section of the city that crossed the deadline, stared at a Doordarshan-reminiscent, rainbow-striped screen and realised they could live with it after all.In fact, some consider it a blessing in disguise.Public relations professional Akanksha Shukla\u00e2\u20ac\u201dwho lives on her own in an Andheri flat and who in place of her entertainment channels is only seeing an apology from the cable connection\u00e2\u20ac\u201dis in two minds about getting a set top box as it seems like \"too much of a hassle\".Besides, \"I have early in the morning and return only past 9. So I don't really watch TV much,\" says Shukla, who says she will catch episodes of serials such as Bade Acche Lagte Hain on Youtube instead. \"Over the weekend, I'l probably find time to read now,\" she adds.That's precisely the experience of Malad-based Ravi Gaur, who gave away his television set and renounced his dish antenna six years ago.\"The newspaper does not go to waste,\" says Gaur, a freelance writer who used to watch sports and current affairs on television for almost two hours a day but opted to disconnect after he found that the medium too distracting. As a result, Gaur, who finds Indian news channels too dramatic, says that he and his wife are now up to speed on Indian writing in English. Also, the news apps on his android phone ensure that he is not out of the loop.Gaur now catches his favourite shows such as X factor and The Voice online.Even a photographer who has been living in Mumbai for 10 years without a television does not feel a major void. The only time Fabian Ghuruau got a piece of news a tad late was during 9/11 when he was in Bangalore. Otherwise, the internet substitutes for television quite well.\"It is quite democratic,\" says Ghuruau, who is of French descent and wryly observes that the travel and national channels here \"don't show anything beyond sharks and snakes\".As someone who is married to a Gujarati, Ghuruau has seen some Indian entertainment television at his in-law's place. He knows what \"saas-bahu\" means and finds it all quite \"tacky\".Ravi Gaur sums up the feeling in a line. \"The only thing I am missing out on is all the unnecessary drama.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17081687", "title": "Laurels students take up the green cause", "text": "INDORE: Laurels School International conducted a two-day massive cleanliness drive on a stretch of road approaching the school, as a part of its Green Hope campaign which concluded on Friday. Class XII students took upon themselves the responsibility to clean up the area under the guidance of the director Jaya Chacko, principal Shashi Nair and sarpanch of Talavali Chanda Ashish Birthare.Students of other classes were seen with placards bearing messages on various concerns regarding environment. The residents of Talavali Chanda were educated about the significance of maintaining the environment. The Green Hope Salvites provided free education to poor students associated with Future Foundations School run by Vijaylaxmi Somani.The students of class II and III of Laurels School International planted saplings and vowed to nurture the plants, while class IV and V had an inter-house skit competition through which the message to save the bio-diversity was emphasized. Peta activitist Dr Sudhir Khetawat apprised the students of Laurels school about the significance of conserving the green.On Saturday, a fete was organized. Proceeds from this event will go to various NGOs for philanthropic activities. The chairman and managing director of the school Dr John M Chacko hailed the efforts of the students.Caption: Laurels School International students carrying out cleanliness drive \"Green Hope\" in Talavali Chanda", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17083290", "title": "Partymen see SM Krishna as binding factor", "text": "BANGALORE: What does former Union minister SM Krishna bring to the Congress table with his return to state politics after nine years?Insiders maintain Krishna will be the binding factor in the Vokkaliga belt where former PM HD Deve Gowda is unchallenged and mobilize votes in districts like Bangalore Urban, Bangalore Rural, Kolar, Chikmagalur , and Shimoga and the coastal belt where it'll be a straight contest between the Congress and BJP. He may also inspire people from other parties to join the Congress.Most importantly, he can connect with urban constitutents in 70-80 of the 224 constituencies . The immediate impact will be to stem the demand for a change of guard, which Lingayats spearheaded recently.Congress sources expect a three-way realignment in Karnataka politics towards the year-end if former CM BS Yeddyurappa walks out of the BJP. \"If Yeddyurappa quits, those who are not the original, RSSbased members will look for a safe party for long-term politics . While Congress will be the safe bet, some may join the JD(S). There'll be aberrations in the Congress too with some quitting,'' they said.Former legislative council chairman BL Shankar said Krishna will be the binding factor . \"He's the seniormost leader in the state unit and everybody will listen to him,'' he added.The political churning will also see the entry of those sceptical of joining the Congress. Prior to the 1999 assembly elections , when the Congress returned to power with a huge mandate, senior Janata Parivar leaders Shankar, RV Deshpande , VS Ugrappa joined the Congress followed by MLA Krishna Byregowda in 2004.That trend is back with retired IPS/IAS officers, former legislators and functionaries from other parties set to join the grand old party. Parameshwara has already got in touch with retired DG&IGP; Shankar M Bidari, while former JD(S) functionaries Milind Dharmasen and Raghu Acharya joined the Congress on Saturday.\"There's a certain amount of confidence among people now. How it will manifest itself remains to be seen,'' Parameshwara said.Srirangapatna to get Tipu varsityUnion minority welfare minister K Rahman Khan on Saturday said the Central Wakf Board has approved the setting up of five universities in the country and one of them will be in Srirangapatana.\"It'll be named Tipu University and 50% of the students will be from the minority religion ,'' Khan told reporters here. The ministry plans to introduce computer, science and English education in madrassas.He rubbished the charges made by Karnataka State Minorities Commission chairman Anwar Manipaddy. Manipaddy alleged that Khan indulged in financial irregularities in the Amanath Cooperative Bank and favoured his relatives in disbursing loans when he was a director there. Khan said: \"They are jealous of my political rise and making such allegations which are far from truth.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "17081156", "title": "Omar Abdullah returns \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcextra\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 LPG connections", "text": "SRINAGAR: Jammu &amp; Kashmir chief minister Omar Abdullah on Saturday surrendered his two gas connections, a day after local media reported that he had extra connections in Srinagar in his name.\"As promised two of the three LPG connections surrendered this (Saturday) morning,\" Omar tweeted.He had earlier promised to surrender two of the three connections in his name after it was reported in the local press. In a tweet on Friday, he said he had not realized that he had three connections. \"Will surrender 2 of those connections 1st thing tomorrow (Saturday),\" he had tweeted.Omar thanked the media for bringing this to his notice. \"I'm sure you'll be just as diligent in letting us know who else has multiple connections,\" Omar Tweeted. He hoped that others with multiple connections would follow suit.The CM's move comes amid rising LPG shortage in the state that had triggered protests. The J&K; high court this week took suo-motto cognizance of the crisis and directed the state government to take measures to sort it out.The state has just 101 LPG dealers -- 43 in Kashmir and 58 in Jammu -- to cater to around 25 lakh consumers.Consumers particularly in the Valley have been demanding an increase in the number of subsidized LPG cylinders due to severe winter conditions and non-availability of other energy sources.But the state government had ruled that out, saying such concession would burden the state exchequer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17082753", "title": "It was the right place and occasion: Girish Karnad", "text": "Girish Karnad stood by his rebuke to the literary fest yesterday for its decision to bestow the Lifetime Achievement Award on Nobel laureate V S Naipaul. The noted playwright's criticism held that Naipaul's politics were rightist and his interpretation of Indian history skewed.To the festival's charge that Karnad misused the platform given him (he was to conduct a theatre masterclass when he vented his spleen), the Jnanpith award winner says it had to be done there and then. \"This is where they made the announcement and where the award was given to him before an audience, so it was the right place and occasion to tell them I didn't agree with it. It wouldn't have made sense for me to go to say, Bandra, and make my opinions known,\" Karnad says.\"And I did expect him to be defended. (Farrukh) Dhondy has been defending him for years. But this is not a new argument. (William) Dalrymple has been attacking Naipaul's views since 2005. What I find disgraceful is that the criticism came from Dalrymple (a foreigner) and not an Indian writer. Which is why I stepped up.\"Karnad confirms that his vitriol hadn't spilled precipitately. \"I couldn't improvise my accusations on the spur of the moment,\" he says. \"At the time of accepting the invitation to the festival two months ago, there had been no talk of Naipaul being honoured. When I learnt of it later, I did my homework. I have, of course, read his books, so the accusations were not without basis.\" Karnad maintains that the choice of candidate for the award smacked of sycophancy. \"What was the basis of their choice?\" he questions, \"Is this an international award when the alternatives could have been Derek Walcott or Orhan Pamuk, who has a following here? Or was it an Indian award where the candidates for it then could have been M T Vasudevan Nair or Paul Zacharia. Or was the festival only honouring Nobel laureates? What are the terms of your nomination?\" Karnad says.While Naipaul's supporters have put up a stout defence, the grand old man has himself not blinked. \"He wouldn't stoop so low as to respond, he gets attacked too often,\" Karnad states. The playwright acknowledges that Naipaul is a fine writer but his politics are never examined or questioned. Does he suppose the storm he has raised will blow over soon? \"For me it's over; I've made my statement.\"The crowd that had pulled in to the masterclass expecting pointers on stagecraft must have been chuffed to witness instead what in the dignified literary line could only be called a minor scandal. To the organisers Karnad's act turned out to be a tragedy, to Naipaul's closet critics it was theatre verite. \"After all, I am a performer,\" the playwright humorously concludes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17082691", "title": "Court asks Kerala Pradesh Congress Committee to vacate Kochi office", "text": "KOCHI: The Kerala Pradesh Congress Committee (KPCC) should vacate the building housing its office on MG Road, a rent control court here has ordered.Considering a petition filed by Varghese Varghese M, the owner of 'Madaparambil' building where the KPCC office is situated, K P Anilkumar, the additional munsif at the rent control court, asked KPCC to vacate the building within two months.KPCC had been using the building as its office since 1957 on the basis of a lease agreement executed with Varghese, the grandfather of the present owner.In the petition to the rent control court, the present owner alleged that KPCC has illegally sublet the building to Indian Lawyers Congress. He also pointed out that the office is being used by the district congress committee.Moreover, the petitioner, an advocate, contended that he has no building for housing his office and is presently staying in a rented flat along with his family.According to the Kerala Buildings (Lease and Rent Control) Act, the owner of a building has to prove illegal subletting or bona fide intention for own use or by close relatives to evict a tenant.The KPCC's counsel pointed out that Varghese hasn't filed many independent 'vakkalaths' but only joint 'vakkalaths' and argued that there is no need for him to run an independent office. However, the court disagreed, pointing out that the number of 'vakkalaths' cannot be a criterion to decide on the need to start an office.The court also ruled against the contention that the building isn't suitable for residential purpose. It is for the landlord to decide how the building can be used for that purpose, it held. Further, it ruled that the Indian Lawyers Congress (ILC) cannot be considered as a lawyers wing of KPCC as there is no material to prove it. After perusing a copy of ILC's constitution, the court held that there is nothing to suggest that ILC is under KPCC or that KPCC has any kind of control over it.Kerala Pradesh Congress Committee (KPCC) should vacate the building housing its office at MG Road, a rent control court here has ordered.Considering a petition filed by Varghese Varghese M, owner of 'Madaparambil' building where the KPCC office is situated, KP Anilkumar, the additional munsiff at the rent control court, asked KPCC to vacate the building within two months.KPCC had been using the building as its office since 1957 on the basis of a lease agreement executed with Varghese, the grandfather of the present owner.In the petition to the rent control court, the present owner, Varghese Varghese, had alleged that KPCC has illegally sublet the building to Indian Lawyers Congress. He had also pointed out that the office is being used by the district congress committee.Moreover, the petitioner, an advocate, contended that he has no building for housing his office and he is presently staying in a rented flat along with his family.According to Kerala Buildings (Lease and Rent Control) Act, owner of a building has to prove illegal subletting or bona fide intention for own use or by close relatives to evict a tenant.The KPCC's counsel pointed out that Varghese hasn't filed many independent 'vakkalaths' but only joint 'vakkalaths' and argued that there is no need for him to run an independent office. However, the court disagreed, pointing out that number of 'vakkalaths' cannot be a criteria to decide on the need to start an office.The court also ruled against the contention that the building isn't suitable for residential purpose. It is for the landlord to decide how the building can be used for that purpose, the court held.Further, the court ruled that Indian Lawyers Congress (ILC) cannot be considered as a lawyers wing of KPCC as there is no material to prove it. After perusing a copy of ILC's constitution, the court held that there is nothing to suggest that ILC is under KPCC or that KPCC has any kind of control over it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17083450", "title": "Rental values plunge on Brigade Road, Commercial Street", "text": "BANGALORE: The city's centre of gravity is moving from the central business district to the suburbs, mimicking a phenomenon seen in Mumbai and Delhi. The star power of Brigade Road and Commercial Street, two of the most renowned high-street locations, is waning. The only high street to hold its own in rental value is Vittal Mallya Road. On the rise are select areas of Jayanagar, Indiranagar and Koramangala.In the July-September quarter, rental values on Brigade Road registered a decline of about 19% sequentially from the previous quarter. On a year-on-year basis, rental values on Brigade Road plunged by 26% to Rs 325 per sqft, says a report by real estate consultancy firm Cushman &amp; Wakefield. Industry analysts say this is the largest fall ever reported. In the similar period, rental values on Commercial Street dipped by 8% to Rs 300 per sqft.Despite the large fall, Brigade Road still tops in rental values, though now it has to share its numero uno position with Jayanagar 4th Block and 11th Main, and Vittal Mallya Road, both of which command rental values of Rs 325 per sqft. The shift can be seen from the fact that while Brigade Road's per-square-foot rental has fallen from Rs 440 in 2011 to Rs 325, that of Jayanagar 4th Block and 11th Main has risen from Rs 250 to Rs 325 in the same period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17081616", "title": "No database for school bus drivers", "text": "COIMBATORE: The Jain siblings' murder two years ago opened a debate about the safety of school transport, especially private facilities that ship a lot of children from home to school and back. But not much seems to have changed on the ground though safety now tops the agenda of every parent and school.It is advised that parents must have a reasonable idea of drivers who ferry their children from home to school and back. However, many of the schools and parents contacted by TOI failed to recollect the whereabouts and contact details of their drivers and transporters.Many parents did not have contact numbers or details of the drivers. Some of them admit that they have not given a serious thought about it. Pameela Suresh, whose son studies in class 7 at a matriculation school in Saibaba Colony, admits that she does not know the driver who takes her son to school. Most of the students themselves do not know the person who drives them between school and home.After the sibling's murder, the city police had instructed schools to keep the details of the drivers and also inform the nearby police station. That is not followed anymore. However, schools say that they keep the details of the school drivers. At the same time the details of those who transport students on private vehicles are something almost none of them have. Schools claim it is impossible to keep the record of the details of the drivers of all the vehicles that take students to schools.R Baby, principal of National Model Matriculation School, says that they keep a record of the drivers of the school buses. \"We have all the details regarding the drivers of all the school vehicles. But the private vehicles keep changing, which makes it hard for us to keep a tab on them,\" he says.Many of the schools agree with this. R Visalakshi, president of the Private School Association, says it is impossible to keep a tab on the private vehicles. \"There will be many private vehicles whose drivers keep changing. How can we keep a record of all of them?\" she asks.At the same time, the parents' associations say this should be made mandatory but without leading to harassment of the driver community. \"The police station limits where the school falls in should have the details of all the drivers taking students to the school, whether in a school or a private vehicle,\" says R Manimohan, chairman of the Students Welfare Association of Parents (SWAP). This is necessary as police can verify the credentials and correctness of the details produced by a driver, he points out. At the same time, he points out that poor drivers should not be harassed. Most of the drivers take good care of the children, he adds.Police say they are ready to clear any doubts regarding the credentials of the drivers. \"If there are any doubts regarding the drivers, police is ready to help,\" says city police commissioner A K Vishwanathan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17082307", "title": "Don't confuse flu with dengue, say doctors", "text": "PUNE: When 24-year-old Pratham fell ill a fortnight ago, he initially dismissed it as flu. Besides fever, he had body ache and severe muscular pain. As investigations proved, Pratham wasn't suffering from flu but dengue. It took him two weeks and three visits to a doctor to recover completely.Symptoms of typical uncomplicated (classic) dengue usually start with fever within 4 to 7 days of the infected mosquito's bite. A typical patient of dengue fever along with flu-like high fever also has extreme muscular and joint pain, say doctors.Since viral fever caused by influenza virus is also co-circulating along with mosquito-borne infections, experts have stressed upon taking extra-precautions to ward them off.\"It is easy to differentiate between viral and dengue fevers. In viral infection, one may have a runny nose, throat pain, mild body ache, weakness. In dengue, the person may have high-grade fever, severe body ache, joint pains and rashes (pinkish in colour) all over the body within 24 to 48 hours of the fever,\" said critical care expert Subhal Dixit.Such a patient is advised to undergo haemogram (complete blood count) test along with dengue NS1 antigen test. If the NS1 antigen test is positive, dengue is confirmed.\"Even if the patient's NS1 test comes out negative, the possibility of dengue cannot be ruled out. The patient needs subsequent follow up with repeated test of IgG, IgM.Antibodies need sometime to be detected in blood and hence dengue test needs to be repeated after five or seven days,\" said Dixit.Family physician Avinash Bhondwe said, \"The most common reason to seek medical advice is fever. Though most people are detected with seasonal viral fever, dengue cases are not uncommon. Despite this, the situation is not at all scary. People often get confused whether it is a serious illness like dengue or just seasonal fever. Whatever may be the type of fever, it can be handled after taking certain measures.\"Viral fever is common with changes in weather. The affected people experience mild fever, fatigue, body ache and headache. On the contrary, dengue hemorrhagic fever (DHF) and dengue shock syndrome (DSS) are less common but more severe. \"DHF/DSS initially presents itself with symptoms similar to the regular dengue fever. The disease then progresses to a stage where blood vessels become permeable, or 'leaky,' causing a breakdown of the circulatory system, fluid loss, and possibly death,\" said intensivist Sameer Jog of the Deenanath Mangeshkar Hospital.Sounding a word of caution, PMC health chief S T Pardeshi said, \"Citizens should keep their homes clean and take care water doesn't stagnate for long.\"Do's and Don'ts* Seek doctor's advice in time* Sponge your body with tepid water several times a day to lower the temperature* Drinking a lot of fluids will help loosen mucus and to prevent dehydration. Drink water little by little for optimum benefit. Additionally, take clear soups, fruits juices or warm water often* Take anti-pyretic drug like paracetamol until temperature returns to normal* Antibiotics do not help in viral fever. Do not take it unless prescribed by a registered physician* Do not take aspirin in dengue as it may cause more harm than benefitSymptomsSymptoms of typical uncomplicated (classic) dengue usually start with fever within 4 to 7 days after infected mosquito's bite.The symptoms are:* High fever, up to 105oF* Severe joint and muscular pain* Nausea and vomiting* Skin rashes* Severe headache* Retro-orbital (behind the eye) painThe rash may appear over most of the body 3 to 4 days after the fever begins, and then subsides after 1 to 2 days. You may get a second rash a few days later.Did you know...* Dengue fever and dengue haemorrhagic fever are the most common mosquito-borne viral diseases in the world* Only the female mosquito feeds on blood. This is because they need the protein found in blood to produceeggs. Male mosquitoes feed only on plant nectar* The mosquito is attracted to us by body odour, carbon dioxide and body heat* The female Aedes mosquito is a day-biter, most active in dawn and duskStep up prevention* Remove all sources of stagnant water* Deny the Aedes mosquito a chance to breedCommon breeding grounds* Flower vases and pot plates* Pails, water-storage jars, basins* Discarded receptacles* Choked roof gutters* Gully traps* Unused toilet bowls and cisterns* AC tray and dish rack tray* Concrete drains* Hardened soil of potted plants* Tree holesFive easy ways to prevent breeding* Change water in vases/bowls every other day* Add sand granular insecticide* Remove water from flower pot plates every other day* Clear blockages and put insecticide in roof gutters at least once a monthHow to prevent mosquitoes bites* Wear shoes, socks, long pants and long-sleevedshirt* Use mosquito repellents* Mosquito coils* Mosquito nets", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17082785", "title": "Awareness campaigns fail to motivate eye donations", "text": "KOZHIKODE: There is only a slight increase in number of people donating their eyes in the district despite efforts by civic bodies and voluntary organizations to popularize the cause.Those familiar with the field say that the lack of support from relatives of the deceased and misconceptions related to eye donation are still playing a crucial role in the decision-making.In Kozhikode, eye donation and transplantation are mainly carried out at the Kozhikode Medical College Hospital, Comtrust Eye Hospital and Malabar Eye Hospital and Research Centre.Hospital authorities claim only a slight increase in number of volunteers after intensive drives to popularise eye and organ donation.Dr K S Chandrakanth, chief consultant eye surgeon of Malabar Eye Hospital, says, \"I don't see any increase in number of people donating their eyes. There are many misconceptions attached to it among public, which is a major problem. The delay in informing the hospital authorities and lack of support from relatives of the deceased in removing the cornea also hamper the process,\" he said.The data with Kozhikode Medical College Hospital show that 54 donated their eyes in 2011 while it has received 62 pair of eyes till Ocober 31 this year.Dr K V Raju, head of the department of ophthalmology, Kozhikode Medical College, said awareness programmes conducted by the department have to an extent helped in allaying fears about eye donation.Comtrust Eye Hospital assistant manager Praveen Kumar said it received a pair of eyes once in two-three months 10 years ago.\"The situation has changed now; we are receiving five-six pairs of eyes a month. But, even this is not enough to meet the growing requirement as around 100 are waiting for eye transplant at our hospital,'' he said.Many panchayats had also conducted drives to popularise eye and organ donations. Mukkom grama panchayat and Cherukulathoor village in Peruvayal grama panchayat had declared themselves as eye donation villages. Besides, clubs in Elathur, Perumanna, Mundakkalthazham and Feroke had also conducted such drives.The city corporation had also recently announced a plan to launch ward-level awareness programmes in this regard.T M Chandrashekharan, secretary of K P Govindankutty Memorial Library and Reading Room and convener of eye donation committee in Cherukulathoor village, said they had donated 90 eyes so far.\"The programme is successful in areas where clubs and NGOs started the process. The legal problems and religious beliefs still play a major role in the matter,\" he said, adding that the government should set up facilities for eye donation in all hospitals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "17081449", "title": "Education officer's negligence blamed for foodgrain hoarding", "text": "PONDA: Claiming that the illegal hoarding of rice allotted to the midday meal scheme for schools under the public distribution system (PDS) was unfortunate, director of civil supplies department Shabari Manjrekar alleged that it was a result of negligence on the part of a vocational education officer.\"When vocational education officer authorizes any self-help group (SHG) to lift the commodity, it was his responsibility to ascertain who lifts it. If he had kept a check on the person receiving the stock, it would not have fallen into wrong hands,\" she said.Ponda police had seized about 400 bags of foodgrain that were hoarded in a godown at Curti, Ponda, on Friday. The grain, allotted to several self-help groups for the midday meal, was being loaded onto a truck to be transported to Mangalore.Police have arrested the owner of the godown, Sachin Naik, resident of Nagzar-Curti in Ponda, owner of the truck Jyotiba Bordekar, 36, and truck driver Vitthal Kastore, 32, both residents of Yellapur-Karnataka. The Ponda judicial magistrate first class on Saturday remanded the trio to 5-days police custody.The director said she has sought a detailed report of commodity sanctioned and disbursed to various self-help groups in Ponda and who had lifted it. Several letters were found in the godown signed by the vocational education officer and nodal officer, authorizing several self-help groups to lift the commodity.Expressing surprise over the illegal hoarding of the commodity, Manjrekar said the self-help groups have no authority to sell it in open market even if the commodity is not as per the quality.Anil Powar, joint director of education, said that his department does not check the quality of rice as the self-help groups provide the same quantity of meal to school students. Henceforth the department would ask its additional director of education and inspectors (ADEIs) to make surprise checks to inspect the quality of grains being used to cook the midday meal, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "dibrugarh", "code": "17082738", "title": "Dibrugarh roads left ravaged by rains", "text": "DIBRUGARH: This year's monsoon once again brought to the fore the deplorable condition of roads in Dibrugarh town. Almost 70 per cent of the town's roads have been damaged by waterlogging caused by incessant rainfall.The 17km-long Mancotta Road connecting Phoolbagan with Khamtighat, which passes through the heart of the town, has become a commuter's nightmare with several parts of the road developing gaping potholes and craters. The road, which is considered the town's lifeline, was badly ravaged during the recent monsoon as it remained submerged for several days at a stretch with the town sewer system unable to flush out rainwater.PWD officials on Thursday said Rs 6 crore has been sanctioned for the repair and development of Mancotta Road. \"A 10-km stretch of the Mancotta Road will be re-laid. We expect to begin work by November-end after the bidding process is over. Steps have also been taken to repair other damaged roads. The bituminous coating of most of the roads has peeled off due to contact with stagnant rainwater. As a stopgap arrangement, we're trying to cover the potholes by filling them up with sand,\" a PWD official said.Significantly, the two other major roads of the town, K C Road and A T Road, have also born the brunt of the damage. The busy A T Road (NH-37) from Banipur to Jamira Bridge, a stretch of about 15km, is riddled with potholes and rough patches, making driving a harrowing experience. The condition of KC Gogoi Road from Thana Chariali to Naliapool Tiniali, where key educational institutions like Little Flower School, St Mary's School, DHSK College, DHSK Commerce College and Manohari Devi Kanoi Girls' College are located, has also worsened as wear and tear has developed in many areas. Locals complain that the PWD has not carried out proper repairwork here except some patchwork in some portions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17080802", "title": "Husband, in-laws held for woman\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s death", "text": "MUMBAI: The husband and in-laws of a 22-year-old woman from Malad were arrested on Friday for setting her ablaze. Heena Shaikh battled for life at Bhagwati Hospital for two days before succumbing to 100% burns on Saturday. But before she died, she told the police about the torture she was subjected to and based on her dying declaration, her husband and his parents have been booked on murder charges.Heena got married to an imitation jewellery trader, Altaaf Shaikh (25), in 2010. The couple stayed with Altaaf's parents at Mira Park in Pathanwadi, Malad (E).\"On Thursday night, Heena told us that fed up with the harassment by her in-laws, who constantly demanded dowry from her parents, she set herself on fire. But on Friday, when her statement was recorded before a special executive magistrate, Heena said her in-laws had torched her in their flat, while her husband stood by and watched,\" said senior inspector Subhash Dafle. Based on her words, the police took Altaaf and his parents, Lal Mohammad (57) and Rehmeen Bi (54), into custody on the charge of attempt to commit murder. \"Around 11am on Saturday, Heena died following which her Friday's statement was treated as a dying declaration and the charges against the accused were enhanced to \"murder\". They have been booked under section 302 of the IPC,\" Dafle added.Heena's ordeal began soon after her wedding. \"Her husband and in-laws started torturing her physically and mentally. They wanted her to fetch money from her parents so that they could expand their jewellery business. They also taunted her for not bringing enough dowry during wedding,\" said an official. Heena's parents, who stay in Jalna, are of modest means, with her father and brother being truck drivers. During her wedding, Heena's parents paid a dowry of Rs 10,000 but the in-laws later demanded another Rs 50,000 which, they could not afford.The Shaikhs' neighbour, Pamela Bagde, told TOI that Heena had confided in a few residents of the housing society about the torture she faced. \"We never expected that the Shaikhs would act this way. The family seemed very religious,\" said Bagde. \"At the same time, we used to hear horror stories about Heena. The Shaikhs had bred poultry inside the flat and insisted that Heena did all the cleaning; she was not even allowed to sleep in the bedroom.\"\"Around 10.30pm on Thursday, we spotted smoke billowing out of the Shaikhs' kitchen window and presumed that their cylinder had burst. Though the neighbours went to the flat, the family did not open the door for a long time. The residents kept banging on the door, till the Shaikhs finally came out. Inside, it was dark and I found Heena, almost naked and unconscious, in the bathroom. I can't forget the sight. We brought buckets of water to douse the flames. Heena was badly charred. We summoned the Kurar police,\" Bagde added.On Saturday, the Shaikhs were remanded in police custody till November 7.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "kochi/kannur", "code": "17082808", "title": "NIA gets custody of Aboobacker Haji", "text": "KOCHI/KANNUR: A special court in Kochi remanded Aboobacker Haji alias Masthigooda Aboobacker, the alleged kingpin of Taliparamba counterfeit currency case, in the custody of the National Investigation Agency (NIA) for five days.Aboobacker was detained in Adu Dhabi a few weeks ago following India's demand for his deportation. He was deported to India on Friday, and arrested upon his arrival in New Delhi. He was brought to Kochi on Saturday.The agency on Saturday produced Aboobacker (56) in the NIA special court. It has been suspected that the Kanhangad, Kasaragod native had the support of Pakistan's Inter-Services Intelligence . Police came to know of Aboobacker's role in the racket after fake Rs 1,000 currency notes with a face value of Rs 8,96,000 were seized from three persons \u00e2\u20ac\u201d V P Pradeep Kumar, Kamal Umar and M P Ashish \u00e2\u20ac\u201d from Thaliparamba on September 18, 2011. Interrogation of the trio led the police to Aboobacker, a contractor settled in Abu Dhabi with his family.Sources said the accused used to frequent several West Asian countries and Pakistan, and had been a conduit for smuggling into India counterfeits printed in Pakistan via Bangladesh and Nepal .Meanwhile, police sources said Aboobacker would be taken to Thaliparamba as part of their investigation. \"With the arrest of the kingpin, we hope that the NIA would be able to solve many such cases reported from the region (Malabar),\" said Dr A Srinivas, assistant superintendent of police in Thaliparamba.Police said fake currency rackets have been active in Malabar's realty business. Sources also raised suspicion that fake currencies were widely used for subversive activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "17082420", "title": "Police foil baby sacrifice at Malda village", "text": "MALDA: Timely intervention by police helped avert a baby sacrifice at Bhatol village on Friday. Though cops managed to round up four accused, they are yet to track down the fifth accused who fled with the baby.Locals said that Rabin Baskey's son had been ill for the past few days. Though the couple got the baby treated, it did not yield any result. Thus Rabin and Lalita were forced to consult a soothsayer, who predicted that if the child is sacrificed, it would bring good luck to the couple and also relieve their son of the suffering.They were told that a yajna followed by the sacrifice can lead to unearthing of gold from within their house. Blinded by fate, the parents consented to the proposal. On Friday, several tantriks came to the Baskey household and arrangements were made for the puja. But the villagers, who were told that the yajna was being held for the well being of the baby, grew suspicious on spotting the sacrificial pit.Local panchayat member Uttam Burman immediately lodged a police complaint. Police from the local outpost rushed to the spot but tribals from other districts who had gathered at the spot did not allow them to enter.The cops then got in touch with Raiganj police and a team led by inspector in charge Samiran Pal reached the village around 1am and stopped the sacrifice.\"We could arrest only four accused. We are interrogating them to know the whereabouts of the others involved and are confident to rescue the baby,\" he said. A case was registered under section 364 and 420 of IPC.Raiganj SDO Nandini Saraswati said that the baby was not a tribal and belonged to the Rajbanshi community. The Baskes were told that a yajna followed by sacrifice could have unearthed a pot of gold from their house. We are sure to visit the village and try to enlighten the tribal people against such superstitions.\"Four persons were arrested as a sacrifice bid was foiled at the last moment by Raiganj police of North Dinajpur. The sensational incident took place at Bhatol, about 10 km from Raiganj when the preparation was made to sacrifice a baby.It is learnt that son of one Rabin Baskey and Lalita was ill for some days. They made contact with a soothsayer who prescribed for sacrificing a baby. This would have not only cured the indisposed son but also could have changed their fate. Accordingly, number of persons, known as tantrik came to the village and the huge arrangement was made for worship last night. But the villagers smelt the rat with the huge arrangement of yajna and a sacrificial pit. Uttam Burman, local panchayet member lodged a complaint to police. Inspector in Charge of Raiganj Police Station Samiran Pal confirmed that the villagers even saw the baby who was about to be sacrificed. First police from local police out post came to stop the yajna. But huge gathering there, mostly from outside district and tribals, prevented police from entering the spot.Later huge force from Raiganj reached the spot about 1.00 am last night and stopped the process at the last moment. \"We could arrest four out of five wanted but could not rescue the baby who was taken away\", Pal said. The four persons arrested were---Premchand Mandal, Madan Karmakar, Manoranjan Karmakar and Milan Sarkar. Among them the first duo was from Malda and Nadia while the others were from border area of North Dinajpur. Tari Rabidas, was another wanted who had scampered away. Pal said that the arrested introduced themselves as tantrik. \"We are interrogating them to know the whereabouts of the others and confident to rescue the baby\", said Pal. A case was registered under section 364 and 420 against the arrested ones.It is learnt that a few years back a similar incident had taken place at this tribal village. Sub Divisional Officer of Raiganj Nandini Saraswati said, \"We have got the information that the baby who was about to be sacrificed was not a tribal; it was from Rajbanshi community. The Baskes were told that a yajna followed by sacrifice could have unearthed a pot of gold from their house. We are sure to visit the village and try to enlighten the tribal people against such superstitions.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17084836", "title": "Migrating from one gram panchayat to another", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court division bench of Justice Ajay Khanwilkar and Justice R Ganoo on November 2 held that names of people who have migrated from one gram panchayat to another cannot be deleted from the first one.The HC order came in response to a petition filed earlier this year by one Narendra Thorat against the Collector, Pune, The Returning Officer, Daund, District Pune, Tahasildar, State Election Commission, Maharashtra State, Mumbai, State of Maharashtra and Grampanchayat, Nandur, Taluka, Daund as well as the Election Commissuion of India andChief Election Officer Debashi Chakraborty. The objection was that names were not deleted from the voting list despite migration and death of several people.The HC after hearing the matter said that the \" provisions of Section 12 of the Bombay Village Panchayat Act, 1958 read with Rule 3 of the relevant Rules does not expressly provide for the exclusion of the names of people who are dead or for that matter those who have migrated from one Gram Panchayat to the other.\"The Court also observed that in view of the notification for the Election being issued on October 31, 2012, it is improper for the Court to interfere in the petition. Pradeep Rajgopal counsel for Election Commission said there was no circular to delete such names.The Court added that if the Petitioner is aggrieved by the exclusion of the names of the group of people as stated herein above, they will have to take appropriate steps in accordance with law.The issue involved a voters list prepared for the legislative seat of Daund . Thorat said the list was prepared as per provisions of The Bombay Village Panchayat Act for the Maharashtra Legislative Assembly. Nearly 177 people had shifted from one village for over 20 years and around 40 had died yet their names were not deleted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "17081494", "title": "Woman robbed of gold chain at Anjuna", "text": "MAPUSA: Two unidentified persons on a motorcycle snatched a gold chain worth 70,000 from a 40-year-old woman on an internal road in Anjuna on Saturday morning.A complaint in this regard has been lodged by the victim, Sandya Parsekar, at the Anjuna police station.Police said that two unidentified person on a motorcycle snatched the chain while the victim was on an internal road at Ximwaddo, Anjuna, on her way to the main road to catch a bus at about 8am in the morning. Further investigations are in progress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17081327", "title": "SRPF constable booked for wife, son's suicide", "text": "NAGPUR: After hours of interrogation, Nandanvan police finally booked Manoj Katole, a trainee SRPF constable for abetting his wife, Nisha's suicide. Nisah committed suicide on Friday. During questioning, Katole revealed that Nisha ended her life due to his extra marital relationship.Police said that eight years ago Nisha married Manoj against her parents' wishes. Following the marriage her parents cut all ties with her.The charred remains of Nisha and her eight-year-old son, Swayam was found in their rented flat at Datta Burade's house in Sahilesh Nagar on Wathoda ring road. A day has passed since the tragic incident but neither has her parents nor her in-laws approached the police to take possession of their remains. The bodies are still in Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) mortuary where they are being kept after post mortem.\"We waited a whole day at the mortuary but no one has come forward to claim the bodies. We have informed both the parties. Her parents said that they have cut of all ties with Nisha after she married against their wishes. We will wait for three more days and if no one comes, the last rites will be performed by the cops,\" said police sources.Senior Police Inspector of Nandanvan police station, Sunil Jaiswal said that Katole has been staying with another woman, Minakshi (name changed) in Amravati. Sources said that Katole was having an affair with Minakshi even before his marriage with Nisha.Police said that on Tuesday after completing the last rituals of his grandmother at his native place near Katol, Katole had come to meet Nisha on Wednesday. Minakshi too had accompanied him.Police sources said that Nisha must have taken the extreme step after Minakshi told her that she and Katole were going to marry soon. \"Even after nine years had passed after the marriage, her parents still didn't forgive her. There was no one to whom she could turn to if Katole ditched her,\" said police.According to police, Nisha had threatened to Katole that she would commit suicide. However, Katole ignored her threat. Call details of Katole's cell phone show that he had talked to Nisha on Thursday night. Cops suspect that she might have set herself ablaze in the wee hours of Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17081138", "title": "Man held for duping with Mhada flat bait", "text": "MUMBAI: The city crime branch on Saturday arrested a 31-year-old Goregaon resident for allegedly duping people by promising them Mhada houses.The accused, Kandarp Mahindra Sharma (31), has been booked for cheating, forgery and breach of trust. Several discriminating documents pertaining to Mhada housing lottery scheme have been seized from Sharma.Acting on a tip-off, senior inspector of unit 12 Milind Khetle and his staff laid a trap for two consecutive days at Aarey Sub Colony but did not get anything. On Friday evening, the police intercepted a jeep in which Sharma was travelling. \"A search of the vehicle did not yield any result, but when the police carried out a search at Sharma's residence, several documents like empty as well as filled in Mhada lottery forms, copies of ration cards, ID cards, voter cards, photographs, printers, scanners and Mumbai police character certificates were recovered,\" said an officer.Sharma reportedly approached aspiring buyers at Mhada's office, promise flats and extracted money.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17081608", "title": "Keep dogs off lifts, Condo tells pet owners", "text": "GURGAON: In yet another instance of a management body of a residential society denying the rights of residents and their pets, the board of managers of The Close North (Nirvana Country), has banned flat owners from using residential elevators while taking their pets out and instead instructed them to use the service elevators.,Residents have also been issued a notice asking them to use pet muzzles as well as take their dogs outside the society main gate for littering.,Pets owners have reacted sharply to this notice terming it discriminatory, while animal rights activist Maneka Gandhi , whom pet owners approached, said that all the three instructions of the management body are illegal and a harassment of the pet owners. Muzzling of dog is illegal under the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act 1960, said a letter written by Gandhi to the society president.,Pet owners said the trouble started around a month ago when a notice on \"Pet Etiquette\" spelling out strict guidelines to pet owners was put up all over the residential complex. Another notice has also been put up where a penalty of Rs 200 is imposed for allowing a dog to excrete in society lawns and other common areas.,In order to tackle the issue, the pet owners formed a voluntary organization, Pet Parent Association, recently.Iti Tyagi, spokesperson of the association, said, \"It is inhuman and illegal to tell us to muzzle our pets and take the dog outside the main gate for litter without considering their health, age and any disability. Moreover, there are security risks for the residents in going outside during night hours.\",\"The decision was taken without consulting pet owners. We have requested for dustbins to be installed put so that littering does not happen. Even after writing to the society's president and the estate officer, nothing has been done so far,\" she added.,Vinod Kansal, president of the association, said: \"Residents who do not have pets have turned hostile towards us and indulge in making indecent comments on us and our children.\" ,Consequently, the association contacted Maneka Gandhi, who in turn wrote to the society president seeking the immediate withdrawal of all the orders and suggested a joint meeting to sort out the matter amicably.,When contacted, a spokesperson of the board of managers of the residential complex said, \"In view of instances of dog bite and scare from dogs being reported, Unitech, the maintenance agency for The Close North, along with the management body, The Close North Apartment Owners' Association, has provided certain guidelines for pet etiquette to be maintained within the complex. These guidelines are in keeping with those that are being implemented in several other similar residential apartment complexes and are in the larger interest of the residents, especially the younger children and senior residents. Many of the pet owners have supported the guidelines and accepted them in good spirit of community living.\",A case of dog bite in October, where a girl became victim, was claimed to the reason for taking this step.,When asked about their role in the matter, a Unitech spokesperson said, \"We do not want to comment on this matter as it is between different resident groups at Nirvana Country. We will continue to co-operate with the residents.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17086932", "title": "Nageshwar Reddy to direct Ravi Teja?", "text": "If all goes well, G Nageshwar Reddy could soon wield the megaphone for mass raja Ravi Teja. Sources close to the director says that Nageshwar Reddy is planning to make a comic caper with Ravi Teja and a leading producer is likely to produce this combination.Putting beside the controversies surrounding his latest release, Nageshwar Reddy is all game to put final touches to his script for Ravi Teja. Meanwhile, the actor is currently working with director Parasuram (Bujji) for Sar Osthara (tentatively titled), co-starring Kajal Aggarwal and Richa Gangopahyay. Nara Rohit is also playing a cameo in this film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17082252", "title": "Kin of injured man accuse cops of laxity", "text": "KOLKATA: The family of an employee of a premier hotel has accused Park Street police of sitting on his complaint of attempted murder.The kin of Robert Smith say he was beaten up by a friend, Md Mujibullah, when he had gone to his Royd Street house on invitation on October 28. An altercation broke out and Mujibullah allegedly attacked Smith with a hockey stick. \"He was beaten so badly that his hands and bone in the neck were broken. He is battling for life. But police arrested him on the basis of a false allegation by Mujibullah,\" said Mrs O' Brien, Smith's aunt.Before Smith could lodge an FIR, Mujibullah called police and alleged that Smith had come to his house to kill him. On the basis of the complaint, police arrested the hotel employee when he still bleeding. He was taken to police station in a semi-conscious state and then taken to hospital, said an officer.Six days after the incident, Mujibullah, a railway employee, is yet to be traced. Police say he is absconding but Smith's relatives allege police are not doing enough.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "17082313", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcStar of India\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 finally reaches Rajkot palace", "text": "RAJKOT: After gracing the collections of the rich and the famous across the globe, the 1934 customised Rolls Royce \u00e2\u20ac\u201d The Star of India \u00e2\u20ac\u201d has completed a full circle and returned to its original owners, the erstwhile royal family of Rajkot.Mandhatasinh Jadeja, scion of the family, had bought the car in November 2010 during an online auction from its last owner in Monte Carlo for 6.44 lakh euros (Rs 3.2 crore). It was sold to a British collector in 1968. The Phantom-II 40/50 HP Continental, an all-weather convertible, was part of the private collection of Rolls Royce collector Hans-Gunther Zach before Jadeja bought it back.\"The Star of India has arrived at the palace in Rajkot and the whole family is happy about the return of this heirloom,\" Mandhatasinh Jadeja told TOI. \"The car is part of the family's history. Before Independence, Mahatma Gandhi and Queen Victoria had travelled in it. Jadeja's granduncle Thakorsaheb Dharmendrasinh had ordered the customised automobile in 1934.\"\"We wanted to bring back this heritage irrespective of its costs. It may well be the first case where an artefact sold by a royal family outside the country has been bought back by the same family. The Rolls Royce was transported by sea to Mumbai,\" Jadeja added. The car will be part of a new heritage museum Jadeja is building. \"It has several features considered unique in the 1930s, including headlights controlled by the steering wheel and the ability to track the vehicle's progress on road. A similar technology, now called adaptive curve lights, is the feature of the latest luxury models,\" he said.In its time, the car was the most expensive to roll out on the streets of Rajkot. It has 14 headlights at the front, interiors trimmed in ochre leather, two small lights that flash orange, and the back of the front seats had a half moon and full moon design made in ivory and dark semi-precious stones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17082719", "title": "My real test begins now, says Hokaito", "text": "GUWAHATI: Hokaito Zhimomi, the first Naga player to play first-class cricket, on Saturday described his feat as \"a step in the right direction\". Hokaito, who made his first-class cricket debut for Assam against Tripura in the ongoing Ranji Trophy match here at the Nehru stadium on Friday, said: \"I am thrilled to have got a chance to play in the Ranji Trophy for Assam, but my real test starts now.\"\"Nagaland does not have a team, but the entire North-East is one region for me and I am happy to turn out for Assam. My teammates are surprised to see a Naga player playing a first-class cricket, but their attitude towards me has been very positive\", he added.The 26-year-old Hokaito, who hails from Dimapur, left his home to join Nawab Ali's coaching centre in Guwahati way back in 2001. He has not looked back after that. In 2002, he moved to Kolkata and impressed one and all with his all-round skills at the Gymkhana Cricket Club.A left-arm seamer and hard-hitting lower-order batsman, Hokaito subsequently turned out for CAB first-division clubs like Kalighat Cricket Club, Dalhousie Athletic Club and Victoria Athletic Club.His big break came when he was picked for the Bengal U-19 team where he played alongside the likes of Manoj Tiwary and Wriddhiman Saha .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17081421", "title": "Man got SIMs on fake papers to evade duty, held", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man has been arrested for importing items on fake SIM identities and thereby evading tax payment worth crores, central district police said. 48-year-old Ajeet Kumar Chadha, the head of this interstate gang, would import electronic goods in the name of his junior employees without their knowledge.According to DCP (central) Devesh Srivastava, Chadha was initially working with his brother at the latter's printing press. However, Chadha wanted to earn more and he started importing electronics from Singapore and China. He soon set up his own company but got it registered in name of his servant. He did so as he wanted to conceal his identity as he was evading tax payment. It was later learnt that a case had been pending with Directorate of Revenue Intelligence against Chadha for tax evasion.The incident came to light in June last year when one Anil Kumar, a retailer , complained to DBG Road police that he had been duped. \"Kumar stated that one Suraj Kumar took blank SIM issuance forms from him and later, after the identification by one Pritam Singh, got two SIM cards issued. Later, his statement was recorded by DRI and during that it was learnt that these two SIMs were being used by the accused Chadha. On the complaint of Anil Kumar, a case was registered and investigation was taken up. Chadha was finally arrested from his in-law's residence at Rajouri Garden.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17085255", "title": "Party lovers enjoy Friday night fever in Kolkata", "text": "Friday night fever got the party rocking at Underground, The HHI.With late night parties back with a bang, the city's hip and happening made the most of the relaxed deadline. Foot-tapping music by DJs Vikrant, Varun and Felix, and a vibrant crowd made sure that the dance floor was on fire.We spotted Malcom, who was in high spirits, having fun with buddy Arpan. Tolly actress Kanchana dropped in to party as well. Taking a break from singing, Debojit was seen having a blast with Tumpa at the do.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17085993", "title": "I don't gamble on Diwali: Ranveer Singh", "text": "Ranveer Singh made his debut in Bollywood with the celebratory film Band Baajaa Baaraat. So who better than him to ask about Diwali festivities!\"Diwali for me means taking time off work to spend quality time with family and friends. We do a small pooja at home every year\", says Ranveer Singh .Ask him about Diwali parties and he says, \"I don't gamble, so I get quite bored at Diwali parties. I play UNO with the kids of the house instead!\"Are firecrackers a part of his celebrations? \"I get perturbed by the pollution caused by fire crackers so I don't endorse them. What I love about the festival is that the general atmosphere is filled with cheer, homes are decorated and people all around are in a celebratory chill-out mode, smiling and having a good time\".But ask him what is that one highlight of Diwali and he says, \"But of course, the Mithais!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17081757", "title": "BJP MPs criticize railways decision to run Indore-Delhi spl train", "text": "INDORE: The general manager, western railways (WR) Mahesh Kumar on Saturday defended his decision of running an Indore-Delhi special train, saying that the waiting at different railway stations on route has exceeded over 1000 and therefore it was the need of the hour. He was speaking to the media on the after a meeting with the members of Parliament from the region at Indore railway station.\"Bhopal, Jhansi and Gwalior together have a huge demand for Delhi bound trains,\" he said adding that the wait in each place could be 400.The decision to run this special train for a day was criticized by the BJP leaders who alleged that it was taken under the pressure of Congress MPs. The BJP had questioned this decision, as there are three trains already running on the route.However, the general manager denied the allegations and said that if need be the train would run every week.Briefing about the other projects in offing, Kumar said a survey on laying a new link between Indore- Manmad route has been done and the project has been sent to the railway board. The cost of the project has been estimated at around Rs 2200 crore, and the total rail line length is about 315 km. \"Of this 150 km is in Madhya Pradesh and the remaining 165 km in Maharashtra,\" said the general manager.About the performance of western railway, Kumar claimed it has performed well when compared to others zones in the country. \"Last year the western railway had earned Rs 10645 crore, and this financial year, we are likely to cross Rs 13000 crore,\" said the general manager adding that last year the loading was at 70 mn tones, while this year the WR is likely to cross 75 mn tones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17081763", "title": "Girl arrested for killing mother", "text": "INDORE: A 22-year-old girl was arrested on charge of killing her mother around a week ago in Badgonda area. The accused Meena reportedly killed her mother Geetabai, 45, wife of Kailash Chandra because she opposed her relationship with a boy. Badgonda police in-charge Purshottam Marvi said that the woman was killed on October 25 and the deceased's brother reported the issue a day after the incident. Initially, it appeared a case of suicide but investigations revealed that the woman was killed by her daughter as Geetabai opposed Meena's relationship with a boy to whom she was planning to get married.On the day of the incident, verbal duel took place between the duo. Her mother reportedly bit her up first and during the scuffle which followed, Meena allegedly hit her mother with a sharp weapon. After this, she escaped to Indore city and informed her maternal uncle that she was continously calling her mother but she was not picking the phone. When they both reached home, they found Geetabai lying on the floor in a pool of blood, said Marvi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17081025", "title": "Ban plastic tricolours, says MHA", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government has heeded pleas of environmentalists and also kept in mind the dignity of the national flag by advising ministries and states to ensure only paper is used in making small flags used by thousands on occasions like Independence and Republic Days.If the urgency displayed by the home ministry trickles down to states, plastic-made national flags may soon be eased out with the bio-degradable paper ones replacing them. It would mark a big step towards improving green consciousness and save parks and grounds from subjected to plastic abuse.The ministry's detailed advisory notes that paper flags be used at important national, cultural and sports events as plastic is harmful to the environment as it takes years to degrade during which time harmful residues seep into the ground.The plastic waste \"affects the dignity of the flag\", said the home ministry citing various provisions contained in the Flag Code of India, 2002, regarding display of the national flag.Environmentalists have complained that plastic national flag - specifically smaller ones often waved by the public during major national events - could not be disposed of in a manner consistent with the dignity of the flag. They are often strewn around the ground of an event and trampled underfoot.Although plastics are removed from garbage for recycling in India, practical problems in disposing of such products is a major issue in urban areas. Grounds and open spaces polluted by plastic sticking out of soil are a common sight.Finding merit in the green plea to restrict plastic, the ministry has requested states to \"ensure that on important national, cultural and sports events only flags made of paper are used by public in terms of the provisions of the Flag Code of India and such paper flags are not discarded or thrown on the ground after the event\".It also said such flags, as far as possible, should be disposed of in private in keeping with the dignity of the flag. Though the ministry has not set a deadline, it has called on states and ministries to give due consideration to the measures suggested.The Code says, \"When the flag is in a damaged or soiled condition, it shall be destroyed as a whole in private, preferably by burning or by any other method consistent with the dignity of the flag\".The Code also has penal provision under the Prevention of Insults to National Honour (Amendment) Act, 2003 in case of any violation. The law provides for imprisonment for a term up to three years for anyone who \"in any public place or in any other place within public view burns, mutilates, defaces, defiles, disfigures, destroys, tramples upon or otherwise shows disrespect to or brings into contempt (whether by words, either spoken or written, or by acts) the Indian National Flag.\"Times ViewIf the government wants to ban plastic flags because of environmental concerns it may have a point. As part of a larger move to minimize the use of plastics, such a move could make sense. However, to impose a ban on the grounds that the dignity of the flag is compromised by plastic flags which are often discarded on the ground after use seems a dubious logic. Little paper or cloth flags could just as well meet the same fate. Also, anything that allows the aam admi to proudly and voluntarily display the flag enhances its prestige, it does not belittle it. Mass produced flags are likely to be discarded but they also symbolize the genuine desire of citizens to wear their nationalism on their sleeve, as it were.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "17082413", "title": "Govt plans to raise BIT Sindri fee", "text": "SINDRI: Jharkhand government is contemplating reviewing the fee structure of BIT Sindri. B K Agrawal, the additional chief secretary of the state who is also the principal secretary to the of science and technology department, said while increasing fee structure, the government would also ensure that students of economically backward class and Scheduled Caste and Scheduled Tribe do not suffer due to fee hike.Talking to newspersons after talking to heads of departments and finals year students of the institute on late Saturday evening, Agrawal said BIT Sindri was catering for the professional education needs of poor students of the state and by securing 24th rank among all the engineering colleges of the nation.\"The state will not like to alter this model but hike in fee seems to be the need of the day for improving facilities on the campus, he opined. If all the posts of teachers and other support staff are filled, the state will require investing nearly 1.25 lakh per student per annum which is not possible with the present fee str4ucture. We will try to meet the expenses by both increasing the fee and grants from the state,\" he added.Replying to a query on increasing the intake strength of the institute without increasing hostel and class rooms and acute shortage of teachers, he admitted that doubling the intake strength overnight without increase in facilities on the campus and flow of funds was a faulty decision and it should have been done in incremental manner.I am the 15th secretary of the department in last 12 years and it should be enough to understand that by the time a secretary get acquainted with the problems of the department, he is transferred, he added. However the chief minister has approved the proposal for appointing retired teachers on contract basis and BIT Sindri would soon get quality teachers in the form of teachers who retired from service from different engineering colleges. Besides this, the JPSC is also likely to clear the appointed of 30 teachers soon, he added.According to him, the revised estimate of the incomplete IT building is also being looked into and the construction work should start within three months. Work on construction of new classrooms, hostels and a hall should also begin soon as the state has already released funds for that, he informed adding that he has assured the students to get the deplorable condition of institute hostels improved soon.When asked about delay in payment of full pension to the retired employees due to dumping of their service books in the state secretariat for last three years and time bound promotion to the non- gazetted staff, the secretary assured to get them cleared within a month or two.Earlier he also planted saplings on the institute campus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17081321", "title": "Owners get notices as pets defecate on roads, gardens", "text": "NAGPUR: As part of municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane's drive to keep the city clean, civic cops on Saturday started issuing notices to residents taking their pet dogs for morning walks without bag to clear their poop. The move has been initiated after the civic body received many complaints from residents.Health officer (sanitation) Dr Ashok Urkude told TOI that on the very first day of the drive, civic cops issued notices to seven pet dog owners in different localities including Narendra Nagar, Sonegaon, Khamla and Pratap Nagar areas after they were caught taking their canine out on road without a carry bag.\"Initially we will warn the pet dog owners. But after a couple of days the pet owners will be impose fine of Rs 500 for letting their pet dog defecate in public places creating unhygienic conditions,\" he added.\"Action will be taken under section 195 and 196 (A, B) of the City of Nagpur (CNC) Act, which empowers the civic body to impose a fine. Henceforth, owners will have to carry a bag while taking their dogs for a walk. If their pets poop on roads, footpaths, gardens etc, it will be their responsibility to clear it immediately and dispose it in their toilets or dustbins,\" he warned.Aggrieved parties can contact NMC veterinary officer Dr G Mahalle on 9923005604 or email on vetofficer.nmc&amp;gmail.com; to lodge a formal complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17081302", "title": "Bid to clear conveyance deed backlog", "text": "MUMBAI: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Saturday said the state government would soon embark on a time-bound programme to clear the backlog of approving conveyance deeds to housing societies. Chavan said the government has drawn up a procedure wherein housing societies would submit their applications to the sub-registrar of that region in the first 10 days of a month.\"The deputy registrar and the city land survey officer will examine the documents,\" the CM said at a function organized by Congress MP Sanjay Nirupam at Kandivli. \"Details of additional papers and hearings will be fixed on the notice board and website. Orders will be passed to convey the property by the month- end.\"Revenue minister Balasaheb Thorat said the government is planning to ease the conveyance process by verifying documents of only the last-mentioned owner in the property card. \"These are suggestions, but we hope to resolve the issue and issue a notification in the next 15 days,\" Thorat said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "tumkur", "code": "17083294", "title": "Tumkur University convocation to be held at Raj Bhavan", "text": "TUMKUR: In a departure from tradition, the 6th annual convocation of Tumkur University will be held on November 5 at Raj Bhavan in Bangalore and 1992 Nobel Prize winner in Chemistry Prof Rudolph A Marcus will deliver the address.Prof Marcus got the Nobel for his work on electron transfer and its practical consequences extend over all areas of chemistry. The Marcus theory describes, and makes predictions concerning, widely differing phenomena as fixation of light energy by green plants, photochemical production of fuel, chemiluminescence (cold light), conductivity of electrically conducting polymers, corrosion , the methodology of electrochemical synthesis and analysis, among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17083197", "title": "Electrification works to be delayed", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The completion of electrification works in the Shoranur-Mangalore route is to be delayed with the railways announcing March 2015 the new deadline.Railway authorities had earlier maintained that the work would be completed by December 2013 and Kannur-Mangalore route by 2014.Railway authorities told the meeting of the Zonal Rail Users Consultative Council held in Chennai on Friday that the contracts for electrification of the Shoranur-Kannur and Kannur-Mangalore sections had been awarded and the works had started.\"The target date for completion of the works is March 2015,\" railway officials said in a written reply to the points raised by C E Chakkunny, member of the council representing the Malabar Rail Users' Association.The railways also poured cold water on the two decades-long demand for having a pit line at the Kozhikode station by stating that \"there is no proposal for pit line work at Kozhikode and Kannur, since the existing amenities are adequate for the present level of traffic.\"The absence of a pit line has been a stumbling block in starting new train services from Kozhikode.The railways had two years ago granted administrative sanction for the Rs 20 crore project to construct a pit line at the Kannur station.Senior railway officials informed the meeting that the tender for providing shelters at two bays on platform no 1 and platform no 4 at the Kozhikode station was under finalization.Replying to a question, railway officials said the railway board had taken steps to fill up 607 constable vacancies in the Railway Protection Force, to beef up security.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17082442", "title": "SMS sermons for railway employees", "text": "KOLKATA: Employees of the South Eastern Railway are being bombarded with moralizing SMSes for the past six days in an attempt to \"keep them from slipping\".The 12,000-odd SER staffers have got SMSes saying 'corruption thrills some, kills many but bills everybody', 'Don't blame the darkness. Light a candle', 'A small step of honesty can be a big leap for prosperity'.The SER bosses feel the campaign is a hit. \"This unique way of reaching out to the staff has become extremely popular. Employees have been seen discussing the messages. If we manage to bring about a change in the attitude of some of the employees through this campaign, it will be a great success,\" said SER CPRO Soumitra Majumdar, adding that it was the brainchild of general manager A K Verma.The campaign started on October 29. A slogan is coined every day and sent to the official mobile numbers.\"It might be slightly difficult for a ticket checker to seek illegal gratification from a passenger after starting the day by reading a message like: 'Your silence today may be the cause of your sadness tomorrow. Speak up against corruption',\" an SER official said.Several steps have been taken in recent times, such as e-procurement and e-auction, to bring down large-scale corruption. However, smaller incidents involving staff continue to take place. As part of Vigilance Awareness Week, even employees on trains like. It is not always possible to keep tabs on the employees though efforts are made. A change can only come about if they start thinking differently. We have also organized seminars and other events to raise awareness against corruption.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17083840", "title": "CPI-ML seeks admin probe into Faizabad violence", "text": "ALLAHABAD: UP committee of CPI ML New Democracy has demanded an administrative inquiry into Faizabad riots as an attempt to cover up administration complicity in the riots. The riots were executed in a well planned and organized manner by right wing extremists, the signs of which were visible to any sensitive person in the days preceding. But the Faizabad administration chose to look the other way, said the secretary, Dr Ashish Mittal.CPI ML has condemned the continuing brazen attacks on minorities being permitted by the SP government and has urged people to recognize that the SP government wants to keep the Muslim community frightened and threatened and wants to prevent them from demanding withdrawal of false cases registered against innocent Muslims by previous government.Mittal added that in Faizabad Hindutwa protagonists made a false allegation of theft of idols from a temple against members of a particular community one month back. Later, Mahant Adityanath and his followers threatened a gherao. All through the 10-day Puja festival aggressive anti-minority slogans continued. Even the recovery of idols on October 22 in possession of 4 Hindu youths did not alert the administration about the communal designs of the Hindutwa fanatics. They made no attempt to prevent the riots.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17082600", "title": "21-year-old jumps off flyover, dies", "text": "CHENNAI: A 21-year-old man jumped off the Perambur flyover after a fight with his parents.Suresh, who lived with his parents on the Madhavaram High Road, used to be a contract worker on construction sites doing an assortment of jobs such as plumbing and painting.However, for the last two months, he had not accepted any work. He also had a habit of drinking whenever he got his hands on some money.On Saturday, Suresh's parents who had grown tired of seeing him sit at home, reprimanded him for being lazy and good-for-nothing. Suresh got into an argument and then stomped off and went drinking with his friends. After getting drunk, he walked to the top of the flyover and jumped off.Passersby who noticed him jumping immediately called for help and rushed him to a private hospital which referred him to the Kilpauk Medical College and Hospital (KMCH). Suresh died of injuries there.The Sembium police have registered a case of unnatural death under section 174 of the Code of criminal procedure. They are conducting further enquiries with his friends and family members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "nizamabad", "code": "17081873", "title": "Angry villagers detain cop", "text": "NIZAMABAD: A sub-inspector of police of Pitlam police station, Prashanth tasted the ire of villagers on Saturday. He was detained in Chinnakodapgal gram panchayat office, Pitlam mandal for caning people for allegedly stealing articles from the lorries which met with accidents.They released him after the intervention of higher officials. According to an eyewitness, two lorries coming from opposite directions met with an accident at Chinnakodapagal village on the Nagpur national highway. The driver of a vehicle, Farooqui died on the spot and three others were injured in the accident as they found trapped themselves in between two vehicles. The villagers rushed to the spot immediately and engaged themselves in rescue operations. The SI along with his men rushed to the spot after he came to know about the accident. The police then cane charged the locals and accused them of stealing articles from the vehicles.Enraged over the incident, villagers gathered at the spot and detained the SI in the gram panchayat office for about one hour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "chikmagalur", "code": "17083066", "title": "Datta Jayanti: Wooden, silver sandals placed", "text": "CHIKMAGALUR: The district administration on Friday placed the Datta silver and wooden sandals in Inam Dathatreya cave atop Bababudan hills.Datta cave, also called as Bababudan Darga by Muslims, is a holy place for Hindus and Muslims. A portion of the ceiling of the cave collapsed in 2009, and for security reasons the sandals were shifted to shifted to the district treasury.The cave was repaired under the guidance and supervision of Archeological Survey of India as per the directions of the Supreme Court.Deputy commissioner S T Anjan Kumar said that they have placed the sandals in the cave shrine adhereing to the court orders and devotees will be allowed to have a glimpse of the sandals during Datta Jayanti. After cleaning the cave shrine and providing basic amenities like drinking water facilities to the devotees, the cave shrine will be opened to the public. He said this may take another 10 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "17081064", "title": "School yet to revoke teacher suspension over dress code", "text": "MALAPPURAM: When Kollathodi Jameela, an aggrieved and suspended for 15 days mathematics teacher, went to Sullamussalam Oriental High School (Areekode) on Saturday the management refused to let her resume work. They told Jameela that the suspension would end only on Saturday evening. She was not allowed to even sign in the attendance register.Despite Malappuram district education officer (DEO) revoking Sullamussalam management's decision to suspend its mathematics teacher for 15 days for not wearing a green overcoat to classroom, the school authorities have not learnt any lesson.The DEO's order came on Friday evening\u00e2\u20ac\u201da day before the suspension period ended. Jameela had to approach the state human rights commission after she was suspended by the school management on October 20. The suspension order said Jameela refused to follow the dress code and she has been suspended for 15 days on charges of \"indiscipline and disobedience.\"In Kerala, the attire of female schoolteachers is a sari of their choice. Interestingly, some of the teachers at Sullamussalam Oriental High School wear purdah at work. Jameela said she was ready to wear the overcoat with any colour but green. The management said colour of the overcoat introduced in the school was not green but dark grey. Jameela, however, pointed out that the show-cause notice issued by the management clearly mentioned that the overcoat should be 'light green.'Last week, the management had appeared conciliatory and invited Jameela for talks. But she wanted justice. On Thursday, district education officer in Vandur, Moinudheen, collected evidence from the school management and staff. DEO's order said the management failed to prove the charges of 'indiscipline and disobedience' against Jameela.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17082169", "title": "Concerted efforts on to tackle dengue", "text": "MADURAI: With several other bodies having pitched into the fight against dengue, besides the government health department, health officials hope dengue can be completely controlled in a week in Madurai district.The municipal corporation launched a cleanliness drive in several wards of the city on Saturday. While the team of doctors at Government Rajaji Hospital are battling the dengue menace, a dengue awareness programme was conducted by Shepherd, an NGO, at Madurai Kamaraj University. The Government Homoeopathic Medical College and Hospital at Tirumangalam have already joined the fight and were seen distributing medicines, while a private Siddha hospital is conducting a camp to administer neem (nila vembu kasayam) tonic to patients on Sunday.A battery of officials is also visiting dengue-hit areas on a daily basis to ascertain the situation and initiate appropriate measures.Health officials pointed out that the efforts are already paying. Fresh cases of people with dengue symptoms has considerably come down and even those who report are increasingly found to test negative for dengue. As many as 140 dengue positive patients, including children and adults, are undergoing treatment at the GRH. A special ward with 50 beds exclusively to admit dengue patients was opened at the hospital.Joint Director of Public Health P Vadivelan inspected the dengue-hit areas in Melur taluk and said the incidence of fever among villagers in the region was falling. In a week's time, dengue could be completely controlled, he told reporters.Vadivelan said two health personnel including as doctor had been assigned to each panchayat to handle fever cases. Deputy director of health services of Madurai district, S Senthilkumar, said out of 110 people who were subjected to Elisa test, only 40 were found to have traces of dengue. He also said only three hospitals were authorised to conduct Elisa test and those claiming to perform the test would face severe action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17084984", "title": "Celebrity hunger", "text": "The Indian cricket team's love for chicken biryani, and food quirks of our most famous sportstars.His tryst with food is possibly as old as his affair with sport. But Boria Majumdar, despite launching a book on food this week, insists he is no expert. The sports historian has authored books on cricket. But he has also had an opportunity to cook for Sachin Tendulkar and Saurav Ganguly. Strangely, Majumdar wasn't always into food. The pampered Bengali boy hadn't stepped into a kitchen until 1999, when as a student at Oxford , he made a failed attempt at rustling up an omelette. Twenty minutes, and much confusion later, he realised he hadn't switched on the burner. Cooking on the Run, a HarperCollins India title, is a mix of his experiments with cooking interspersed with travelogues and easy recipes, which he says are variations of popular dishes. Excerpts from an interview:Which Indian sportsperson would find the book handy? Sania Mirza. For her, eating is essentially about biryani, haleem or kebabs. Cricketers tend to travel to places where there is easy access to Indian cuisine. But since tennis is a more global sport, the chances are fewer. Sania travels for 40 weeks a year, and I can safely say, she just cannot cook.Who is the most adventurous, and open to new tastes? Sachin Tendulkar. I have shared a number of meals at his place in London , and there is always something new to look forward to at the table. He is a massive foodie. He eats everything, and is open to every kind of cuisine \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Ethiopian Japanese, whatever. The latter also happens to be his favourite. I mean, who would have guessed that London's Nobu would be a Sachin favourite? Leander Paes and Mahesh Bhupati may have nothing in common anymore, but they share a love for food.What's the most popular recipe in the book? Chicken biryani. Since we are about five-and-a-half hours behind Australia, shooting for a prime time show for Indian audiences in Australia meant that we'd wrap up work by 2.30 am. No restaurants were open at that hour. That's when chicken biryani was the saviour. Sourav Ganguly loves eating the Kolkata-style biryani made with potatoes and egg. When India won the World Cup last year, after the celebrations, the team went back to their rooms at the Taj, and at 2.30 am, Viru (Virendra Sehwag) ordered chicken biryani and shared it with Yuvraj Singh and me.Any sportsperson who is difficult to please at the table? There are quite a few in the Indian cricket team. In fact, 90 per cent of them are conservative eaters. G S Wadia, manager of the Indian Cricket team in Australia, had Indian food delivered for two-anda-half months that he was there. When a team visits a country on tournament, the norm is for the host to fix the menu for all dressing rooms. But the Indian team in Australia was fed by an Indian cook called Gogo, who travelled with them to every city they played in. Gogo was nice enough to feed Indian journalists too.Is there someone who can't do without a certain food item? Mary Kom. Manipuri rice is an essential part of her meals, and she carries it in her luggage together with a rice cooker.Who would you say has evolved as far as taste in food goes? Sachin, of course, but also cricketer Zaheer Khan , who comes from the small city of Baroda. We were in Adelaide, and I had taken Sachin for a Japanese meal. He knows his Japanese food, and loved it. Later that night, he messaged to ask me the name of the eatery. Zaheer was keen to try it the next day. A country's captain, in addition to being a sports ambassador, also needs to have a world view that extends beyond the cricket field. Virat Kohli seems to be evolving into that person.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17081880", "title": "Two killed in rival attack", "text": "Two persons were killed and another escaped in a rival attack in Avuku mandal of Kurnool district on Saturday. Victims were returning after purchasing a motorbike when they were attacked.Talari Naidu, 50, his son-in-law Venkateswarlu,26, and another relative were on their way back when a tractor driven by their rival hit their vehicle near Lingabodu village. Six persons attacked them with hunting sickles. While two died on the spot, another man escaped and reported in the police station. Police said the attack was in retaliation to the murder of Talari Venkateswarlu in 2011 reportedly due to an extra marital affair. Both victims who died were accused in that case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17081316", "title": "Gujrat firm booked for job fraud", "text": "NEW DELHI: A forgery case has been registered against an Ahmedabad-based firm for using its website to advertise for jobs in the Kisan call centre set up by the agriculture ministry. What has riled the ministry is the way applicants have been asked to pay Rs 550 through demand draft without informing it. The ministry is not known to charge fee from applicants. The Economic Offences Wing (EOW) of the crime branch is investigating the case after the ministry sought help from cops.\"We are approaching you to take immediate action against the agency, which has issued an advertisement through its website (http://www.kisancallcenter.com/) for recruiting a number of positions in its proposed Kisan call centre through a toll-free number \u00e2\u20ac\u201d 000-800-100-4101. A copy of the screenshot of DAC website and that of the agency have been enclosed for your perusal. The agency has not taken permission of the Department of Agriculture &amp; Cooperation (DAC), ministry of agriculture, for doing so. This amounts to cyber crime on account of the following: the said agency has made an unauthorized use of contents of ministry of agriculture website to give a wrong impression to the public that it is a government of India initiative,'' the FIR said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17081152", "title": "Man kills friend\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s wife, arrested", "text": "MUMBAI: The crime branch on Saturday arrested a Sewree resident who allegedly shot a 27-year-old woman. On October 24, Shamsher Nawaz Ali Khan alias Abbas Bihari (25) shot Samina, who refused to marry him. Samina, a mother of four girls, and Khan were in a relationship for the last seven years. Khan and Samina's husband are close friends.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17082508", "title": "Pension war: CM to seek Centre's intervention", "text": "RANCHI: All political parties of Jharkhand on Saturday unanimously decided not to pay Rs 2548 crore to Bihar for payment of pension and retirement benefits to government employees. Instead, the state will send a delegation to the President and Prime Minister and seek their intervention to save Jharkhand from financial crisis.Of the total due amounting to Rs 5334 crore, the Union government has asked Jharkhand to pay Rs 2548 crore by December. The Supreme Court has also declined to give interim relief to Jharkhand. However, the apex court will hear the regular petition of Jharkhand on November 9.Upbeat about the unprecedented support from the political parties including Congress, the main opposition party, Munda said that the government is not going to pay such a huge amount as it will lead to financial crisis in the state. He even equated the burden with 'foeticide' for a newly born state like Jharkhand which is struggling to slowly move on the roads of development with limited funds at its disposal.\"The Union government has not done justice to Jharkhand. The two other states - Chattisgarh and Uttarakhand - created with Jharkhand, paid the amount for pension and other benefits to the parent states Madhya Pradesh and Uttar Pradesh on the basis of population and not on the number of employees it got at time of bifurcation. The State Reorganization Act of 1956 also says that the formula for division of asset and liabilities is on the basis of population. We will soon meet the President and Prime Minister and ask them to do justice to the state,\" said Munda after the meeting.Sources in the finance department said that if the Union government and Supreme Court accept the demand for division of liabilities on the basis of population then Jharkhand will be required to pay only Rs 548 crore.\"We will be saved from paying around Rs 2000 as our liability from the time of the formation of Jharkhand in November 2000 till 2010-11,\" said a source.An officer said that the monthly financial liability on Jharkhand's exchequer on development projects, salary and pension is around Rs 1,400 crore. In case, the amount demanded by state is paid to Bihar then there will be no money for payment of salary and pension. \"All development work will stop at one go,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17084071", "title": "Kejriwal slams Mulayam for withdrawing case against Amar Singh", "text": "NEW DELHI: Reacting to Uttar Pradesh Police submitting a closure report in a money laundering case against former Samajwadi party leader Amar Singh , India Against Corruption's (IC) Arvind Kejriwal called the move \"shameful.\"Kejriwal tweeted, \" Money laundering cases withdrawn against Amar Singh? Shameful. Is this criminal justice system? We have to completely overthrow this system.\"In a relief for Amar Singh, the UP Police submitted a closure report in a district court in the three-year-old fraud and embezzlement case against the Rajya Sabha MP, citing lack of evidence.The complaint was lodged by Shivakant Tripathi during the BSP regime in 2009 accusing Singh of misusing his office during his stint as chairman of the Uttar Pradesh Development Council and alleging a scam of Rs 500 crore.Kejriwal added, \"Next Mulayam Singh will withdraw cases against Salman Khurshid . Wait and watch and in return Congress will withdraw cases against Mulayam.\"Kejriwal was referring to reports filed by UP district commissioners pointing out that equipment and aides worth Rs 79 lakh meant for physically disabled people were not distributed, as claimed by Khurshid's NGO.\"Absolutely no hope for India from present politicians. These leaders and the system out to be overthrown New young leaders should take over India,\" he tweeted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17082522", "title": "Bairstow, Morgan revive England", "text": "MUMBAI: England recovered dramatically after a top-order collapse in the second warm-up game against Mumbai 'A' at the DY Patil Stadium here on Saturday. Had it not been for a special hundred from Jonny Bairstow (118 off 177 balls) and his fifth-wicket century stand with Eoin Morgan (76 off 128), the visitors' scorecard wouldn't have read 338/6 at stumps.The opening conundrum continued to hurt England as neither Nick Compton nor Joe Root made a strong case for themselves, the former frittering away his second opportunity to get a tick against his name. With the likes of Cook, Kevin Pietersen , Matt Prior , Graeme Swann and Tim Bresnan rested for the game and Stuart Broad leading the side, the idea was to give others a chance to tune in to what is expected to be a testing tour.But the England top-four failed to make use of the opportunity and caved in for a paltry 66 within the first session of play. Root, who survived till the end of the first session, blinked at the stroke of lunch to waste his long vigil on 28.The 21-year-old from Yorkshire popped a simple catch to Nikhil Patil (Jr) off Suryakumar Yadav at short leg. Even worse was his opening partner Compton's (1 off 10 balls) dismissal, as he watched his off stump go cartwheeling from a Kshemal Waingankar delivery that shaped in briefly after pitching on off stump.From 5/1 in 4.5 overs the visitors were reduced to 66-4 at lunch and Eoin Morgan, who watched Root get out from the nonstriker's end, must have been a worried man. He came out with the answer to score a fine 76, using patience as his shield.With Bairstow, he played every ball on its merit and rarely showed any tenacity to go overboard. Both batsmen played close to the body, left anything served wide, and punished the loose deliveries. Bairstow picked up from where the top four had left and calmly stitched together the runs for his eighth first-class hundred. His partnership with Samit Patel slowly took the game away from Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17082671", "title": "Metro officials, collector inspect route alignment", "text": "KOCHI: Paving the way for the land acquisition process for Kochi Metro, the officials of Delhi Metro Rail Corporation ( DMRC), Kochi Metro Rail Limited (KMRL) and revenue department conducted joint inspection along the proposed alignment on Saturday.The team, which completed the inspection at all the stations and parking lots along Aluva-Madhava Pharmacy junction, will decide the future course of action after a meeting of all the three agencies to be held soon.Before the meeting, they will conduct inspection along Madhava Pharmacy-Petta stretch.\"We have almost fixed the alignment of the project along Aluva-Madhava Pharmacy Junction. As per the new alignment, we have tried to avoid pulling down as many big buildings and establishments as possible,'' said collector P I Sheik Pareeth.\"On the basis of the report by the Cochin University of Science and Technology (Cusat) more land for parking will be acquired. There will be more parking lots on MG Road,'' he said.The land acquisition for the Kochi Metro has been facing delay as KMRL, the company floated for the project, and Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC), the implementing agency, failed to provide the revenue department the details of the exact requirement of land.The authorities have effected some changes in the locations of certain stations. The KMRL is yet to decide on the spots to set up parking lots .The revenue department will conduct fresh surveys to accommodate changes in the location of stations and parking lots.Land will have to be acquired in seven villages of Aluva, Edapally North, Edapally South, Trikkakara North, Ernakulam, Elamkulam and Poonthura villages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17082817", "title": "Instrument tribute to Bhupen Hazarika", "text": "GUWAHATI: The humble \"bijuli baah\", an indigenous bamboo grown in Assam will now represent and carry the name of Bhupen Hazarika in the form of a musical instrument.'Bhupendra Lohori', a modified version of the percussion instrument called rainstick, was unveiled here on Saturday. The musical instrument has been made by Tridip Mahanta, a Unesco-Sea of Excellence Award conferred bamboo artist. He said he wanted to dedicate the instrument to the doyen of Assam on the occasion of his upcoming first death anniversary.The instrument which churns out the sound of falling rain and the flow of water is available in two types. The first type consists of a single cylindrical tube which produces sound by holding it and moving it sideways. The other type is an assortment of ten such tubes bundled together which is put in a frame that is moved in circles. The size of the instrument is between 18 to 33 inches.The inside of the instrument that produces sound consists of different forms of lentils, cereals, seeds, kidney beans and plastic beads and hundreds of nails inside it. When the tube is moved up and down, the beaded components, flowing from one side of the tube to the other, produce a sound similar to that of rain.\"Last year when Hazarika passed away, I thought of doing something for him. One day a friend of mine showed me the rainstick. That was when I decided to modify it. I studied the instrument and its technique. The original instrument is around 10 mm and can make sound for 1.8 seconds. I have made several instruments and used around 500 to 2812 nails in them to produce sound,\" said Mahanta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17082029", "title": "Superbike seized for want of papers", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Vastrapur police officials seized a Harley Davidson bike on Saturday morning after the bike rider could not provide the ownership papers. The police later sent the owner to RTO for paying the fine of Rs 1,500.The seizure was effected during a vehicle checking drive when cops spotted a youth riding a Harley Davidson near Pakwan crossroads. The officials stopped the rider identified as Tapas Sharma who failed to provide ownership papers when asked. The officials seized the bike from the spot and asked him to take it from the police station after furnishing the papers.\"Sharma said that he was working with a city-based firm and was on his way to show the bike worth Rs 23 lakh to a customer. He stated that it was a test ride bike and thus he did not have the papers. We found that the bike was not registered and hence we sent the bike owner to RTO,\" said a Vastapur police official. The identity of the bike's owner could not be ascertained.Police have earlier seized a number of expensive superbikes after they found that many of the bikes do not get registered with the RTO to avoid paying charges. Vastrapur police had seized two Harley Davidson bikes last month from Drive-In Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17083349", "title": "Actress held for attacking director, released on bail", "text": "BANGALORE: Upparpet police arrested Kannada film actress Nayana Krishna and her associate Anitha for allegedly attacking film director Rushi late on Saturday evening. The incident happened allegedly during a press conference hosted by the director on his upcoming movie.Nayana alleged that Rushi cheated her by not paying the amount due to her for her role as heroine. Nayana was later released on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17083103", "title": "'Cloud seeding programme benefitting Mysore region'", "text": "MYSORE: Cloud seeding programme covering Mysore and areas comprising Cauvery, Kabini and Hemavathy basins and other adjoining areas has been successful and benefited in the rise of KRS water level, said Captain Aravind Sharma, CEO of Agni Aero-Sports Adventure Academy (AASAA).Speaking to mediapersons here on Saturday, the officer said cloud seeding has the potential to increase the normal rainfall by 18-22%. The programme in Mysore region is being carried out between October 17 and November 16. For one month of cloud seeding, the availability of seedable clouds is a must for the success of the programme. Cloud seeding does not create clouds or artificial rainfall. The programme is underway with cloud seeding aircraft operating from Mysore/ Bangalore airport and covering target areas in Cauvery, Kabini, Hemavathy basins and adjoing areas.Sharma said that the best period of cloud availability is monsoon - the south-west and the north-west. A project meteorologist, using weather forecast models, satellite imagery, radar data and other weather inputs, identifies an area of probable activity and having suitable clouds.The radar control room transmits the information to the pilot of the cloud seeding aircraft, while the latter flies to target cloud, releases the seeding material (calcium chloride, CaCl2) into the cloud. This enhances water droplets in clouds and hastens precipitation formation. The controllers at radar room observe different monsoon clouds over catchment of lakes using an aircraft to measure temperature, wind, liquid water droplets and aerosol background.The government had floated global tenders three months ago, inviting bidders for the project, but only one bidder had evinced interest. The government had to float tenders once again since the bidding amount was double the allocated funds. \"We got the project since our bid was much lower than that of our competitors'. While our competitors' bid was Rs 9.80 crore, our bid was only Rs 4.37 crore,\" he said.Karnataka Cloud Seeding Programme in the Cauvery basin was awarded to AASAA through a global tender.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17082248", "title": "Lakhs gutted in ATM fire", "text": "JAIPUR: Nearly Rs 19 lakh are feared to have gone up in flames as an ATM caught fire due to short-circuit at Abu Road in Sirohi on Saturday morning. Police said that a guard was inside the ATM, so they have ruled out any foul play behind the incident. A team of bank officials have rushed to Sirohi to ascertain the exact amount of loss.According to the police, the incident took place around 1 am at the SBI ATM situated near railway station in Abu Road.CO, Abu Road Sadar Kailash Singh told TOI, \"A guard was inside the ATM. The machine suddenly caught fire. The panicked guard ran out of the ATM and informed the police,\" said Singh.\"A team was on night patrolling. Some fire tenders were rushed to the spot. However by that time the ATM had been gutted. According to bank officials, there were about Rs 20 lakh in the ATM. We suspect that majority of the cash was destroyed in the fire,\" said Singh.He added that the ATM will be opened under the supervision of senior bank officials who will arrive from Jaipur.\"The ATM can be opened only in presence of these officials. So whether all the cash was destroyed will be confirmed only after they arrive,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17083179", "title": "Medvedev vs Putin: PM wants Pussy Riots freed", "text": "-- Shaun WalkerMOSCOW: Dmitry Medvedev, Russia's prime minister, directly contradicted President Vladimir Putin on Friday by stating his view that the jailed members of the punk group Pussy Riot should be freed.Nadezhda Tolokonnikova and Maria Alekhina were jailed for two years by a Moscow court earlier this year for \"hooliganism motivated by religious hatred\" after they performed a \"punk prayer\" criticizing President Vladimir Putin in Moscow's main cathedral. An appeal court last month freed a third member , Yekaterina Samutsevich, but upheld the sentences for the other two.Medvedev, during a meeting with students on Friday, reiterated earlier comments that he did not approve of Pussy Riot's performance but did not believe that the women should be in jail. \"I would not put them in jail if I was a judge. I simply don't consider it right that they serve prison sentences,\" he said. \"They have already been in jail long enough.\" He added, however, that he found their actions so distasteful that it was \"unpleasant to talk about them\" .Medvedev was president from 2008 until May this year, and while in office, he tried to promote a more liberal face of Russia both internally and to the West. The president had said that the Pussy Riot women \"got what they asked for\" and fully deserved the jail sentences.-- The Independent", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17083897", "title": "Land for stalls at Sangam to be allotted online", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Religious, social, environmental, scientific and individual organisations applying for allotment of land to put up their stalls/offices at Sangam for Mahakumbh 2013 will have to do so online. Applicants have been advised to fill up application on the official kumbhmela website 'kumbhmelaallahabad.gov.in' on or before November 15.Additional district magistrate Kumbh Mela, Ashutosh Kumar Dwivedi, told TOI \"The mela administration has been inviting applications online to ease the rush and the process.\" He added that the mela administration had developed software with information about all organisations especially those who held camps during Kumbh in 2001 and Ardh-Kumbh in 2007 and also asked organisations to fill applications online along with complaints or objections if any.This time, kumbh mela administration aims to go through complaints and grievances faced by organisations during previous melas and chalk out an effective strategy to eliminate any hardship to the participants during Mahakumbh 2013.For land allotment to new organisations, the mela administration has released a performa asking organisations to point out their previous activities and achievements as well as what sort of activities they would be carrying out this time.Dwivedi maintained \"We have sought complete details from organisations in an attempt to finalise how the area is to be developed for mahakumbh. This is being done after mela administration decided to offer adequate facilities to organisations and public attending the mega event. Facilities like roads, water and electricity would be offered to all organisations and once we know the number of organisations and how much land is to be allotted to them,\" said the ADM.The fact is that once all the applications come in, the mela administration will plan extension of the area.The Maha Kumbh Mela, believed to be the largest religious gathering on earth is held every 12 years on the banks of the 'Sangam'- the confluence of the rivers Ganga, Yamuna and the mythical Saraswati.Venue of the kumbh rotates among Nasik, Allahabad, Ujjain and Haridwar every three years, the largest being at Sangam. It is expected that over 10 crore pilgrims or devotees including 60,000 foreigners will be attending mahakumbh from January 14, 2103.Sangam comes alive during Kumbh and Ardh Kumbh with an enormous temporary and parallel township springing up on the land available on the city side of the river.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17082293", "title": "Friendship tales on stage at \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcParwaaz\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The innocence and purity of friendship was brought forth through enactment of \"Harun Da Aur Baadshah\" by children aged 10-14 years on the second day of the children theatre festival \"Parwaaz\", Saturday.An adaptation of Satyajit Ray's book \"On The Run With Fotikchand\", the play revolves around \"Jai\", who is abducted by four boys. They meet with an accident, which kills two of the abductors and leaves Jai without his memory. A revealing confrontation with \"Harun Da\" on a train, then, leads his life on a different road.Parwaaz opened on day one with \"Charlie's Dream\" performed by children in the five to nine age group. The children delightfully displayed how power and greed can lead to discontent. The play revolves around \"Charlie\", who visits another world where he is challenged by witches and giants, but emerges victorious. The lighting and music added a dream-like ambience while the way dialogues were weaved authenticated the theme of the play. Outstanding performances by Samay Jain as \"Charlie\", Stuti Gulati as the \"Princess\", Karamjot Singh as \"Jonathan\", Akshat Sharma as \"King Hibsung\" and Anandita Kapoor as the \" Queen \", captivated the hearts of audiences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17081663", "title": "Notorious criminal Pintoo Yadav nabbed", "text": "PATNA: The Alamganj police arrested a notorious criminal Pintoo Yadav in connection with an extortion case lodged with the police station in September 2012 from Lalji Tola on Friday.Alamganj police station SHO B K Singh said Yadav had made a call on the cellphone of one Umesh Gupta, director of a paramedical institute at Alamganj and demanded extortion money of Rs50 lakh. Yadav had threatened Gupta with dire consequences if he failed to hand over money. Acting on a tip off, the police arrested Yadav from his residence at Lalji Tola.The SHO said Yadav had been chargesheeted in cases of murder, loot and dacoity lodged with different police stations in the state capital.Three arrested: In another incident, the Janipur police on Friday arrested three persons from Naubatpur and Maner in connection with murder of one Awadesh Singh (38), a hosiery shop owner at Janipur market. He was stabbed to death by three persons on Thursday night when he was returning home after closing his shop.Janipur police station SHO Subhash Prasad said Awadesh had alleged illicit relationship with a woman Muniya Devi, a native of Rewa village under Maner police station in Patna district, married to Gorakh Singh. The woman along with her brother Anil and cousin Upendra allegedly murdered Awadesh on Thursday night for property, the SHO said.The SHO said an FIR was lodged by the deceased's wife Sangeeta Devi, in which four persons were made named accused including the three arrested persons. He said the police later arrested Anil and Upendra from Babupur village under Naubatpur PS and Muniya Devi from Rewa village under Maner PS in this connection. The SHO, however, refused to divulge anything about the fourth accused who is absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17083077", "title": "D V Sadananda Gowda faces embarrassing moments at party meet", "text": "MYSORE: While one former CM was cheered at a meeting here last week, another was jeered at in community hall here on Saturday. Occasion: a meeting of BJP workers held to discuss the party's strategies in the next elections.If the crowd at Yeddyurappa's meeting last week hailed him as their leader, the one on Saturday waylaid his successor D V Sadananda Gowda , questioning his sincerity in looking after them.As soon as Gowda finished his speech, a section of party workers surrounded him. \"We are being used and thrown by leaders,\" a worker from Ashoka Road alleged, questioning Gowda's call for unity among the workers.Another worker asked the former CM to set the BJP house in order first before exhorting workers to strive for party's victory in elections. Gowda tried to pacify the agitated workers.Earlier, Gowda's efforts to enthuse the workers -- who are apparently in a state of confusion following unsavourary developments in the party, particularly in the wake of Yeddyurappa's threat to form his own party -- failed with the workers evincing no interest in his words.At one point, Gowda was seen asking individual workers as to why are they tensed. \"Be cheerful and smile... everything will be okay in a couple of days,\" he said, hoping to see an end to internal squabbles in the saffron party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17081682", "title": "Girl arrested for killing mother", "text": "INDORE: A 22-year-old girl was arrested on charge of killing her mother around a week ago in Badgonda area.The accused Meena reportedly killed her mother Geetabai, 45, wife of Kailash Chandra because she opposed her relationship with a boy. Badgonda police in-charge Purshottam Marvi said that the woman was killed on October 25 and the deceased's brother reported the issue a day after the incident. Initially, it appeared a case of suicide but investigations revealed that the woman was killed by her daughter as Geetabai opposed Meena's relationship with a boy to whom she was planning to get married. On the day of the incident, verbal duel took place between the duo. Her mother reportedly bit her up first and during the scuffle which followed, Meena allegedly hit her mother with a sharp weapon. After this, she escaped to Indore city and informed her maternal uncle that she was continously calling her mother but she was not picking the phone. When they both reached home, they found Geetabai lying on the floor in a pool of blood, said Marvi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17082116", "title": "Governor M K Narayanan asks state to act against Topsia crime", "text": "KOLKATA: Governor M K Narayanan has urged the state home secretary to take \"appropriate action\" on a complaint of gang wars and illegal activities, including unauthorized construction of highrises, in Topsia.The complaint was lodged by Trinamool Congress member Sourjya Ghosh, who is an advocate of Calcutta high court. Ghosh says he had sent his complaint to chief minister Mamata Banerjee, municipal affairs minister Firhad Hakim and joint commissioner of police (crime) Pallav Kanti Ghosh but didn't receive any satisfactory reply.On October 11, he finally wrote to the Governor with a \"detailed report\" on his own party's alleged involvement, the 'protection' given by police to shady syndicates for a fee, and increasingly violent gang crime that has wracked Topsia and Tiljala.On October 17, D K Gautam, OSD &amp; EO special secretary to the Governor, forwarded the report to the home secretary with a letter seeking appropriate action on Ghosh's letter.\"The letter is self explanatory regarding reported illegal activities in Ward No 59 of KMC,\" the forwarding letter states.TOI has regularly reported on gangwars and crime on the streets of Topsia. The last such incident was on October 27, when rival goons hurled bombs and shot at each other and one of them was hacked in full public view.In his complaint, Ghosh refers to the violence that occurred on July 13, 2012, which allegedly blew the lid off the turf war between illegal building syndicates. \"Unfortunately, the matter involves our party structure in every way possible. The police have remained mute spectators and I believe that illegal gratification for illegal construction is calculated per square feet for each structure. All the police do is arrest a few labourers and masons from the sites, keep them in custody for a while and then let them go,\" the advocate alleges.A large waterbody near Navoday Club (close to EM Bypass) has been fenced off and is being filled up, the lawyer says. \"The whole situation is a creation of the previous ruling party and its cadres. Sadly enough, today, it is our own party members, office-bearers and workers who are involved in this large-scale crime. Most of the promoters of the illegal constructions have switched allegiance to our party and enjoy patronage and power. Most youths in Ward 59 are turning to crime. All of them owe allegiance to leaders in our party and the police remain mute spectators. The promoters obtain a G+2 layout plan, for construction on Thika Tenancy land and ultimately it becomes a G+4 building,\" Ghosh has stated in his complaint.He has claimed that shanties come up on a regular basis along the railway tracks and in a few days, there is a \"roaring business of selling and reselling, in connivance with the Government Railway Police\". \"Young girls going to the railway station are picked up and molested or even raped by gang members who are involved in the sale of hooch, extortion and pilferage of electricity. In fact, entire slums are lit by stolen electricity. The situation is worsening and fast getting out of control,\" he has stated.Along with his complaint, Ghosh has submitted a list of seven promoters allegedly involved in illegal construction in Ward 59. He has also enclosed details of three notorious gangs operating in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17082186", "title": "Youth get free, but clinky cycles", "text": "TRICHY: The AIADMK government, which promised students free cycles, appears to have delivered, but not in style. The cycles that beneficiary students got had flat tyres which forced the students to walk them to their homes. No one bothered to fill the air before presenting the cycles to the 11{+t}{+h} class students as part of the state government scheme. In case of students from faraway areas, the cycle, instead of bringing them cheer, became a nuisance as they had to roll it along busy roads all the way to their homes, in some cases up to 10 to 12 km.Minister for education N R Sivapathy, accompanied by his team of MLAs and an MP, on Saturday handed over the cycles to 1,080 students of 11th standard in Trichy. The beneficiary schools included Holy Cross Girls Higher Secondary School, Bishop Heber Higher Secondary School and Townhall Government Girls Higher Secondary School. Except the mixed Bishop Heber, the rest of them were girls' schools, which made it difficult for them to carry the cycles home. Since a large percentage of the girl students did not know cycling, and since such a prospect would not deter them from accepting the legitimate largesse either, they struggled to balance the wheels while dragging the cycle home.The cycles had been badly assembled in a hurry to suit the minister's itinerary, and since the ruling party's ministers are in the habit of personally delivering the largesse, they could afford time only on weekends. Sivapathy had half a dozen functions listed for the day, and he could hardly spend half an hour at each school. After the symbolic presentation at one school, he needed to rush to the other. As a result, he did not know what transpired after he left.In the case of Holy Cross Girls Higher Secondary School, as many as 500 girls were given the cycles, most of which had at least one spare part missing, the missing part handed over separately though. But in the case of missing tubes, the students to their utter surprise came to know only when they had taken the cycles to the nearby repair mart. Since the Catholic-run school is known for the good behavior of its students, they only giggled when a part like the pedal in the cycle was missing. In some cases, the alignment of wheels was so haphazard that the machine would not roll out, and the poor students had to drag them to the waiting tempos with the help of other students.The parents too complained that the cycles had to be dismantled and realigned all over again.Ironically enough, the minister's distribution function went very well, but the cycles did not. But the faculty of the Holy Cross including its headmistress did not complain. \"After all, our students are getting it free,\" a teacher said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17081908", "title": "King George Hospital spells doom for newborns", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Everyday, at least one or two newborns and infants invariably succumb to the unsanitary conditions prevailing in the intensive paediatric care unit (IPCU) and neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) of King George Hospital.The units are also ill-equipped with essential equipment.The IPCU and NICU, which have a combined capacity of about 70, are always overcrowded, with 90 to 100 babies being kept there at a given point of time. Besides the unsanitary conditions, in a place where vulnerable infants and newborns are kept, the ICUs lack equipments like baby warmers, ventilators and phototherapy units. Kanaka and Nagamani and their relatives from Vizianagaram and Srikakulam respectively were seated inside the NICU. The babies were kept in a single warmer. Both the women were worried about the survival chances of their newborns.At least 30-40 per cent of the deaths could be avoided had there been adequate machinery, say doctors. A junior doctor from KGH said, \"The condition of the NICU is pathetic and most unhygienic. More than half the baby warmers don't work and we don't have ventilators. The lone functional one has no staff to operate it. Despite having qualified doctors, due to shortage, two-three newborns share a warmer, the ventilator and phototherapy units. If any low-birth weight baby is brought, chances of its going back alive are slim, and most die of septicaemia due to infections\".Despite being ICU units, where only sensitive babies are supposed to be housed, the units are always crowded by relatives of the newbornsand not just by the mothers. The babies are handled without necessary precautions, escalating chances of infections and mortality. Anyone is allowed beyond visiting hours by paying few bucks to the security. As per Medical Council of India (MCI) norms, the patient-doctor ratio and patient-nurse ratio in the ICU units should be 1:1 and 1:2 respectively but given almost double the stipulated occupancy, the ratio clearly isn't maintained in the KGH.According to the Srikrishna Committee report, Vizianagaram tops the infant mortality rate at as high as 68.Admitting to the situation in the NICU and IPCU, superintendent of KGH M Madhusudana Babu said, \"We have seven baby warmers and 10 new ones have been sanctioned for the NICU by the government. We are also getting another 10 for the neonatal respiratory care units (NRCU).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17083297", "title": "Cure the mind to tackle suicides: governor HR Bhardwaj", "text": "BANGALORE: With many youngsters ending their lives over stress and other emotional problems, governor HR Bhardwaj on Saturday said that doctors should now look to curing the mind.Speaking at the 20th year celebrations of Cadabam's group of psychosocial rehabilitation centres in Bangalore, he said: \"A disturbed mind is like a wild horse, pulling in many directions.\"Tamil Nadu governor K Rosaiah said a multi-pronged strategy and interdisciplinary approach are imperative to address the issues of mental healthcare.\"Mental health should be considered just like any other physical illness and the suffering person needs empathy, love and confidence to fight the disease and associated disability. The different dimensions of mental healthcare like stigma and social awareness , manpower and physical infrastructure, legislation , public-private partnerships , inter-disciplinary research and advocacy and community participation need more attention ,\" he added.Archbishop of Bangalore Rev Bernard Moras said mental illness is more of a \"man-made thing\" .Dr PV Bhandari, psychiatrist from Udupi, and Dr R Dhanasekara Pandian from Nimhans were felicitated .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17082692", "title": "Paramedics, maulvis join polio rally", "text": "KANPUR: A polio awareness rally was taken out in the city on Saturday, a day before pulse polio drive. The rally was organized by Kanpur Paramedical College, in which hundreds of paramedical students and doctors took part to create awareness against polio.The rally began from Parade Chauraha. It was flagged off by district magistrate MP Agarwal, in the presence of chief medical officer RP Yadav and other officials of the health department.The rally passed from areas like Parade Chauraha, Dadamiya Chauraha, Rizvi Road, Nai Sadak and other areas. The students carried banners with slogans about the incurable disease.The students urged the residents to get their wards upto 5 year administered polio drops on November 4. The rally also passed through various slum areas, where students solved the myths of the people related to polio and pulse polio drops.UNICEFF, SRC and teams of several NGOs also took part in the rally. Hindu and Muslim religious heads were also present in the rally.The pulse polio drive for the children under the age of five years will be organized in as many as 2,500 polio booths on Sunday. The pulse polio campaign will also continue for five more days in the form of door-to-door drives.The target this time is to cover eight lakh children under the age of 5 years. The door-to-door drive will continue from November 5 to 11.A total of 2,764 booths have been set up in the district where children will be administered polio drops from 8 am to 4 pm. The booths will also be set up at bus stops, railway station and other public places.The immunization officer informed that this time the campaign is under strict vigil of the government.Primary school teachers have also been urged to volunteer for the programme.As many as 108 teams had been constituted for the mission. Whereas 73 mobile teams will also be there. Around 2000 door-to-door members are also a part of the initiative.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17081345", "title": "In residents' redesign of CP, safety and greenery score high", "text": "NEW DELHI: Imagine if you had a say in redesigning the heart of the city - Connaught Place. If you could tell planners that you want more trees lining the thoroughfares, more pedestrian paths that make walking a pleasant experience, and just about anything on your wish list. Architecture students from the School of Planning and Architecture (SPA) and Space Bonding, a German urban planning company, have joined hands to make it possible. In a first, residents were asked to redesign CP - on a touch pad - as part of an interactive urban planning experiment.Around 50% of the respondents - 500 in number - said they visited CP for leisure and an overwhelming majority felt that more dustbins could improve their experience of roaming around the area. Addition of water fountains, more green cover and reducing traffic chaos also scored high on their list. While visitors said they would prefer less traffic, traders said that it didn't bother them much. For traders, cleanliness was a priority. Safety was the biggest concern for both men and women, in equal numbers. Other ideas that respondents suggested were making CP a 'no-spitting' and a 'no-beggar' zone.The survey, which was launched on Saturday at the Indo-German Urban Mela, can be answered at www.connaughtplace2020.org. People's feedback will be analyzed by the team and forwarded to NDMC. CP used to be a place for the elite British but underwent frequent changes leading to a complete change in its structure. Director of SPA, Chetan Vaidya, said a lot of people prefer to spend time in malls instead of open areas like CP. \"Priya market used to be a popular hangout a few years ago. Now, most people opt for malls, probably because they are air-conditioned and safe,\" he said. Professor Shrivatsa from Institute of Economic Change said, \"Delhi is a masculine city. Even our urban spaces are not women-friendly. Hence, women feel safer in malls.\"INTACH head, AGK Menon, said that idea of a public space in Delhi is still not clear. \"The culture of public spaces does not exist in our society. Just because architects study Piazza San Marco, we cannot expect a similar place to come upIndiaGate is a very democratic space, for instance,\" he said.Many women said they chose to go to malls because of the parking facility and safer environment. Most speakers reminisced that the Coffee House was a great place to visit. in Delhi where 500 people were asked to redesign CP. They were asked to give their responses on a touch pad, when researchers interviewed them recently at CP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "17081467", "title": "Two rescued from drowning off Baga beach", "text": "CALANGUTE: Two British tourists were rescued from drowning at Baga on Friday evening.Drishti lifeguards said Anney Oman, 26, and Grace Oman, 29, both from Kent, England, were swimming in a no-swim zone in Baga at around 5.15pm despite advice from a lifeguard to swim elsewhere.After a while the two got caught in a rip current and were seen gesturing for help. Lifeguards from the Baga tower went to their assistance with a rescue tube and a rescue board and brought the two back safely to the shore. They were allowed to go after being given safety advice brief.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17083350", "title": "Sanitization on in surveillance zone", "text": "BANGALORE: Almost a week after bird flu broke out at the Central Poultry Development Organization (CPDO) in Hesaraghatta, on the outskirts of North Bangalore, the animal husbandry department continued the cleaning and disinfection process.On Saturday, 21 sheds were cleaned up and the material disposed of as per central government norms.Aravind Jannu, principal secretary , animal husbandry department, said that surveillance in a 10km radius of the affected institution is in progress. The department collected 27 serum samples and 27 cloacal samples from six villages around Hesaraghatta. \"Till Saturday, 455 serum and 458 cloacal samples have been collected from 181 households and 28 poultry farms in 70 villages, and sent to the laboratory for investigation ,\" said the press note.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17081554", "title": "Quarrying in buffer zone of wildlife sanctuary", "text": "PANAJI: The focus is on setting up of a buffer zone around protected areas, but authorities seem to be in the dark about the situation on ground zero as three stone quarries are allegedly operating illegally in Molem, barely 1km from Bhagwan Mahavir wildlife sanctuary limits, sources said.Environment activists have noticed a spurt in laterite quarrying near the sanctuary limits in recent weeks. Two of the sites at Gouliwada and Zamboli appear to have been dug up in recent months for extraction of the construction material. The third one at Gouliwada is located in a plot near an abandoned quarry, activists said.\"The quarry at Zamboli is hardly 200 metres from the sanctuary limits and this is a mockery of the law,\" union of wildlife activists president Saish Khandeparkar said. The other two in Gouliwada are about 1km from the boundary of the 133-sq km wildlife sanctuary in Molem.The operations in all three quarries are largely unnoticed as they are located about 200 to 300 metres off the main road from Molem to Tambdi Surla.\"Each of the quarries covers an area of one to two acres and have not reached a great depth as the activity is recent,\" Khandeparkar said. Around ten labourers are engaged at each of the quarries and machinery is being used, though digging is carried out manually.\"This is the hard reality and all talk of 1km buffer zone by the state government appears to be eyewash,\" social activist Ramesh Gauns said.The boom in the construction sector has escalated the demand for materials, including laterite stones. Trucks can be seen leaving the quarries, carrying the material to construction sites.All three sites were cleared of vegetative cover. \"The Zamboli site was cleared recently,\" Khandeparker alleged.A forest department official said all the sites are in revenue land. \"For any felling in revenue land, forest rules are not applicable,\" the source said.Mines and geology director Prasanna Acharya was not available for comment. Molem sarpanch Snehlata Naik said she was not aware of the activity. \"Nobody has brought it to our notice,\" she said.An official of the administrative set up of the new Dharbandora taluka said he will look into the matter. \"We have not received any complaint so far, but we will inspect the sites soon,\" the official said.Gauns blamed the administration for its apathy in addressing issues related to minor or major minerals. \"The government has hardly shown any seriousness in protecting eco-sensitive zones,\" he said.The Goa government has mooted the protection of eco-sensitive zones in RP 2021, which is yet to be finalized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17081120", "title": "CM enquires about Bal Thackeray\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s health", "text": "MUMBAI: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Saturday called up Shiv Sena CEO Uddhav Thackeray to enquire about party chief Bal Thackeray's health.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17083292", "title": "For amity, communalism must die", "text": "Bolwar Mahamad Kunhi , winner of the Kendra Sahitya Akademi Award for his work on Gandhi for children and the recipient of the 2012 Kannada Rajyotsava Award, weaves his fiction around marginalized Muslims in an imaginary town called Muthupady . All his works are imbued with a deep sense of communal harmony. He tells STOI only when politics of communalism dies will there be total amity between Hindus and Muslims.Was it social concern that prompted you to write or did it come about later?In the initial two to three years, I was one among the multitude of writers. In 1973, one thought started bothering me - why aren't there Muslim characters in Kannada literature? Why should a Muslim character always be a 'jatka saabi' (a horse-cart driver)? Doesn't he have a life like others? The answer I found was to write about them.How are your views seen by your community?That's a million-dollar question. Three decades ago, it was not easy to write about Muslims. While there was literature to eulogize the \"heavens'' , I wanted to write about a world of my own and that's why I created Muthupady. I gave the residents of Muthupady all facilities and freedom.All stories and novels were aimed at Muslims with the intention they get educated. That's why the language is simple, not contrived. It's a straight line of story telling. I believe that social change is possible through writing when I see that some of my friends who had protested after browsing through (not reading) my writing, now have daughters who carry laptops and give me a platform to speak.What are your views on the increasing burqa culture in Dakshina Kannada district? Do you think growing intolerance in the society is alienating minorities?Till December 6, 1992 this was not the norm, although the primary reason could be that not enough girls who would wear a burqa made it to schools. In my village, my elder sister was the first to attend school and she studied till Class V. Next was my sister who got a degree and became a bank employee . Thirty years ago, my friends would ask me: \"Bolwar, you talk about revolution, but why don't your girls get educated?\" Now, Muslim girls attend college in droves and they score well and get ranks. The question asked by the children of those friends is: \"Why do you always wear a burqa or veil?\"Is there a need to raise this issue?One should understand that if a Muslim girl has to step out, she needs the permission of her mother, who, in turn, has to get societal approval . If the community has to allow girls to get educated freely, the pre-1992 atmosphere of amity should return. If that has to happen, communal politics should end. After the Babri Masjid demolition, the relationship between Hindus and Muslims has gone sour. Muslims wear burqa because others say don't . It's like every action has an equal and opposite reaction.It's sad that the sufferers are poor Muslim girls and women. To buy a burqa for her daughter, a woman who rolls beedis for a living may have to invest six months of her earnings. Nobody can see the tears or the pain inside a burqa.Once you commented that 'It's sad that a Muslim has to prove his Indianness' ...Although my books are about Muslims, 98% of my readers are non-Muslims . I sail with my legs in two boats... A Muslim believes he will not have a place in heaven if he does not perform namaz five times a day. But also, unless he declares he loves his country five times a day, he does not have a place on this earth. Still, many readers have appreciated the intent behind my writings . Change is a continuous process. What is not palatable today is accepted without qualms tomorrow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17082398", "title": "Journalists demand apology from Vijayakanth", "text": "CHENNAI: Tension prevailed at the Koyambedu junction for an hour on Saturday afternoon as scores of mediapersons thronged the DMDK headquarters there seeking an apology from party chief Vijayakanth for allegedly derogatory remarks against some journalists at the Chennai airport last week.At the airport last week, when Vijayakanth arrived to leave for Madurai to attend a wedding, waiting mediapersons wanted his response to his party MLAs' switching loyalty. The visibly upset actor-turned-politician allegedly abused them and asked, \"Is the media paying me to respond your queries?\"On Saturday, many journalists aloft currency notes in a symbolic reply to Vijayakanth's query last week. The agitating journalists belonged to the Chennai Press Club, the Chennai Union of Journalists and Working Journalists Union and others. Based on a tip-off, police had made elaborate security arrangements at the DMDK headquarters and at Vijayakanth's residence in Saligramam. \"It is disgusting that a leader of the principal Opposition party has been able to make offensive statements against the media and get away with it. The actor has to apologize for hurting the feelings of journalists,\" said Bharathi Tamilan, joint secretary, Chennai Press Club.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17083390", "title": "'I killed my wife and wanted to commit suicide'", "text": "BANGALORE: It was around 5am Saturday. Night beat policemen HG Venkatesh and C Ravi were on their rounds in Rajagopalnagar near Peenya, chilled by the Nilam effect. They saw a man walking hurriedly in the direction of the railway track and stopped him.When he started making contradictory statements, the cops got suspicious. A closer look and they noticed bloodstains on his clothes. Sensing something amiss, they alerted Rajagopalnagar station. A Hoysala arrived and the team took him in for questioning.\"Sir, I just killed my wife and was walking towards the railway track to jump before a train,\" said Rajachari Chowdappa , shocking head constable Venkatesh.The disturbed man took them to his residence in Sreegandhanagar and showed them the body of his wife. Rajachari , 34, was immediately arrested for allegedly bludgeoning Uma, 24, to death. They have a son Maresh, 4.In his confessional statement , Rajachari, a painter, said he killed his wife because he suspected her fidelity . \"I tried my best to reform her,\" he said.On Friday night too, the couple had fought over the same issue. \"Early in the morning, Rajachari came out of his house, picked up a boulder and bludgeoned his wife,\" DCP (North) HS Revanna said.Uma was a garment factory employee. \"The child has been orphaned as the father is jailed,\" said a neighbour.BMTC mechanic dies after scuffle with colleaguesA row over pay hike claimed the life of a mechanic inside BMTC depot at Shantinagar on Saturday morning. The deceased, Keshavan Pillachari, 59, a resident of Katriguppe, Banashankari 3rd Stage, was due to retire in six months.According to a complaint filed by Keshavan's colleague Munireddy, the tragedy took place when Keshavan fell down after Revappa, Prasanna Kumar and HS Manjunath pushed him. \"Recently , the department had hiked the wages of mechanics. While Keshavan opined it was a healthy hike, the other three disagreed and pestered for a protest,\" Munireddy said.Meanwhile, the three pushed Keshavan who fell and breathed his last. \"It was not an intentional offence. We have booked a murder case accusing Revappa, Prasanna and Manjunatha. Based on eyewitness statement and postmortem report, we will decide on the next step,\" Wilson Garden police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "hooghly", "code": "17082276", "title": "State cold storages threaten strike", "text": "HOOGHLY: With potatoes from Punjab expected to reach Bengal only in December, state cold-storage owners are planning to make use of the projected supply crunch from mid-November. They have threatened to go on a one-day strike on November 19 unless the government revises the storage rental that has remained unchanged despite the hike in diesel prices and electricity charges.The strike threat is likely to have a temporary impact in city markets, which might give an excuse to retailers for increasing potato prices by 25 paise or 50 paise a kg. Owners of the 422 storages chose November to go on the warpath because the retail market depends solely on supply from the state cold storages during this month. According to a cold-storage owner, a total 3.5 lakh potato packets (each weighing 50 kg) are cleared from the cold storages on a daily basis.The dearth of supply during a strike will disturb the flow of potatoes in the retail market.\"Electricity charges for storing 1 quintal of potato have increased by Rs 19. Even handling charges for the same quantity has gone up from Rs 2.40 to Rs 3. But the rental remains at Rs 101 per quintal. We want the government to address our problems, otherwise we will go on a strike,\" said storage owners' spokesperson Patit Paban De. Storage owners have timed the stir on November 19 as their annual rental agreement with the state agricultural department expires on November 15.However, De didn't mention that storage owners are still making a profit of Rs 150 per quintal. They are trying to hold on to the stored potato expecting a rise in potato prices in the days to come. Why so? Potato cultivation has been delayed by a week this year due to untimely rain. In absence of supply from other states, potato growers are taking their stored potato in intsallments to get better price in a bid to offset the rising input costs. Cold storage owners now want a percentage of the profit pie. They now want the government to hike the storage rental to Rs 151 a quintal.However, storage owners argue that such hike in storage rentals is nothing special. \"It happened during the Left Front regime. I don't see why this government won't accept our demand,\" a storage owner said. Storage owners hope that the government will respond favourably in view of the coming panchayat polls where the potato growers will play a crucial role.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "17082517", "title": "Wife, lover killed Garhwa hotelier: Cops", "text": "GARHWA: Police claimed to have solved the murder mystery of a hotelier within 48 hours of the incident and arrested the wife of the victim, Rita Devi, and her lover Sultan Hawari.The body of the hotelier was found hanging from the ceiling fan on November 1. Nagar Untari SDPO Ashok Kumar said that the deceased, Dilip Ram Chandervanshi, was the owner of a line hotel at Bilaspur village on NH-75. His wife, Rita Devi, had an affair with Sultan Hawari, a resident of Vindhamganj in Uttar Pradesh for the past four to five months. The husband knew about it and had objected to it. The wife and the lover told police that they had plotted to kill Chandervanshi. \"On the night of the murder, they offered him alcohol. Once he was drunk, Hawari strangled him to death with an electric wire and hanged the body with a rope to make it a case of suicide. The father of five children, Hawari had two wives,\" said the SDPO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17081570", "title": "Govt relaxes 'Konkani' for top positions", "text": "The government has relaxed knowledge of Konkani for top posts of Groups 'A' and 'B' wherever suitable candidates are not available. In case of non-availability of suitable candidates with the knowledge of Konkani for the posts in professional colleges, consultants in directorate of health services and highly technical/scientific posts, this requirement of knowledge of Konkani as essential, can be relaxed, an official statement stated. The Goa government has also decided to appoint department heads as language implementation officers for effective implementation of Goa's Official Language Act. Director of official language department Prakash Vazrikar said the language implementation officer will be the nodal officer for implementing the Act in the respective department and on any language-related matter. Konkani is the official language for all official purposes for seeking replies from the government, for display of name boards, street names and for issuing invitation cards and also for recording police statements.Citizens feted at Rotary meet: Deputy chief minister Francis D'Souza was the chief guest at the vocational excellence awards evening organized by the Rotary Club of Panaji Riviera on Thursday in a city hotel. Five individuals were felicitated including Renny D'Souza, Aglesh Parayil, Mahadev Jware, Vishwanath Naik, Sudhakar Gawas and Noel Da Costa. Scholarships were also awarded to two needy and deserving students Ashwini Naik and Liberia D'Souza from Mapusa. President of the Rotary Club of Panaji Riviera, Siddharth Zantye, welcomed the gathering, Angad Singh, Community Service Director II, introduced the chief guest, while Meghna Sawardekar, director of vocational service, presented the objective of the vocational awards. Secretary Mahesh Pai presented the vote of thanks and Shivkumar Joshi compered the awards ceremony.DKA holds conference for Konkani editors: Dalgado Konknni Akademi (DKA) recently organized a half-day conference for Konkani editors at EDC House, Panaji. The programme was part of DKA's ongoing silver jubilee celebrations. Konkani scholar and researcher Fr Pratap Naik, SJ, presented a paper on the topic 'Romi lipientlean Konknni ek rupan kiteak borounchi ani amcheo oddchonni' (The need to write Konkani uniformly in Roman script and the challenges before it). He spoke about the unique traits of Konkani in Roman script, while reminding the gathering of the important role the church played in preparing the orthography after 1965, which went a long way in standardizing the language in Roman script. Referring to Mons Dalgado's 'Florilegio de Proverbios Concanis' book, Naik stressed the use of letter 'Y' in six specific areas. Prominent editors and representatives who attended the conference and took part in the deliberations were Fr Feroz Fernandes (Vavraddeancho Ixtt), Michael Gracias (Jivit), Tomazinho Cardozo (Goykar), Fr Freddy Lobo (Amcho Sevadhorm), Fr Ave Maria Afonso (Zagrutay), Mathew D'Souza (Porzoll), Ashok Chodankar (Konkan Divo), Fr Francisco Caldeira (Renovacao), S M Borges (Gulab), Marcos Gonsalves (Umalle), Jerome Soccoro Alphonso (Fulam), Fr Manuel Gomes , former secretary of Diocesan Commission of Biblical Apostolate, and Fr Joaquim Loiola Pereira, secretary to archbishop. Pereira spoke on behalf of participants and praised DKA for bringing editors of Konkani periodicals in Roman script under one roof.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "bangalore ", "code": "17083387", "title": "NE monsoon will bring a wet week", "text": "BANGALORE : Saturday's wet, weepy weather may continue for the next few days, maybe ri up to Diwali, so keep those umbrellas and jackets at hand.A low pressure area moved from north interior Karnataka and Rayalaseema to Telangana and its neighbouring areas, the weatherman said. It has initiated upper air cyclonic circulation and activated the northeast monsoon, bringing showers across almost entire Karnataka.Bangalore city recorded 4mm rain till 5.30pm Saturday, while the airport recorded 0.1mm. The heavy shower tugged the city's maximum temperature down by a couple of degrees.Said B Puttanna, director, Met department: \"Bangalore and surrounding areas have a thick cloud cover at present. The low pressure increased air circulation, which has brought rain. Besides, the northeast monsoon is active. \"For the next few days, coastal, north interior and south interior Karnataka will continue receiving light to moderate rain, if not heavy showers as well.\"Puttanna added that winter has not yet set in in Karnataka. \"October to December is generally a cyclonic season, which brings rain and the climate turns cold. This is wet cold; dry cold (winter) will begin only by mid-December ,\" he said. Bangalore's maximum temperature may remain around 26 degrees Celsius, 2 degrees below normal , for the next two days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17080881", "title": "Schoolgirl fights robber who flees with Rs 2L", "text": "MUMBAI: A spunky schoolgirl displayed immense courage as she attempted to stave off a robber who barged into her home on Friday when she was alone. The accused, however, overpowered the 11-year-old girl and escaped with Rs 2.25 lakh in cash.A student of martial arts, class VII girl Rishika Pujari stays in a ground-plus-one structure at Jawahar Nagar in Goregaon with her parents and brother, Roshan. Her father, Sadanand, runs a paan shop in Jogeshwari and her mother Asha is a homemaker.On Friday afternoon, with Sadanad away at work and Asha gone to drop Roshan to his school, Rishika was alone at home. Around 1.50pm, a man, in his late 20s, unlatched the safety door of the Pujaris' home, by sliding his hand through the peep-window and then walked inside as the inner door was left ajar. Before Rishika could raise an alarm, the accused gagged her with a handkerchief. \"The man dragged Rishika upstairs and asked for the cupboard keys but she gestured that she was unaware of it. Rishika tried to bite the robber's arm and escape, but he held her back,\" said senior inspector Arun Jadhav. \"The accused was about to break open the cupboard when he found it open with Rs 2.5 lakh lying inside it.\" He put the money in his bag.As the accused dragged her down the stairs, she bit his hand again and tried to flee, but the robber pushed her into a bathroom, said cops. Before fleeing, he threatened her against stepping out.Shortly, Rishika's mother returned to discover her in the bathroom. \"My daughter was weeping when I found her in the bathroom. She was worried that all our savings have been stolen,\" Asha said. \"I'm proud of my daughter who was brave enough to tackle a robber.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "goa", "code": "17081401", "title": "Bamboo-laden tempo seized at Mayem", "text": "GOA: The Paryem office of the forest department on Friday confiscated a tempo carrying about 200 bamboos from Mayem in Bicholim taluka. According to sources, forest department officials stopped the tempo, which was driven by Raosaheb Dadu Patil, 42, at Kumbarwada-Mayem and seized the bamboos along with the vehicle. The operation was carried out by forest officers Mahanand Paryekar, Eknath Hairoji and Subhash Arondekar.Restricted water supply to Guirim, Socorro, Sangolda: Due to urgent maintenance at Guirim in Bardez taluka, there will be restricted water supply on November 5, during the entire day, to Porvorim bazaar, Socorro, St Anthony Vaddo, Guirim, Bhatner, Xell Vaddo, Bhutki Vaddo, Arradi, area near Shantadurga temple in Sangolda and vicinity. For supply of water by water tankers call on 2417721, states a press note issued by the Alto Porvorim office of the public works department.Parking/no entry zone notified at Curchorem: The district magistrate, South Goa, Margao, has notified the two-wheeler parking, no parking and no entry areas at Curchorem. The area indicated for two-wheeler parking is the open space in front of Kakodkar building. No parking will be allowed on both the sides of the road from Yonex tailor shop up to Priti Apartments, station road; while vehicles will be prohibited from proceeding from Yonex tailor shop towards Sarvodaya Educational Society's High School and from Babuli Hotel towards Sarvodaya Educational Society's High School, from 7am to 9.30am and from 12pm to 2pm.Kerosene quota: All ration card holders without LPG connections are requested to draw their October kerosene quota from their respective retailers by November 10. In case of non-supply/short supply of kerosene, complaints should be submitted the director of civil supplies and consumer affairs, Panaji.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17081857", "title": "Begum Khaleda Zia meets President", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former PM of Bangladesh Begum Khaleda Zia called on President Pranab Mukherjee on Saturday as part of her week-long visit to India.In the meeting with the Bangladeshi leader, the President called for establishment of friendly relations between India and Bangladesh and said there is a tremendous potential for cooperation between the two countries, a Rashtrapati Bhavan communique said.Noting it is possible to change friends but not neighbours, the President said the two countries must live in a friendly atmosphere and do their utmost to strengthen cooperation in all fields. He also reiterated the determination of India to address all concerns of Bangladesh.Underlining Begum Zia's contribution in the development of Bangladesh, Mukherjee recalled that he had met her twice before when she was in power.The Bangladesh Nationalist Party (BNP) chief, who was accompanied by a seven-member delegation, also remembered her past visits to India and long association with Mukherjee.She reiterated the commitment of her party to the establishment of strong and friendly relations with India, the statement said.She conveyed that she had good discussions with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and external affairs minister Salman Khurshid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17081670", "title": "Faculty devpprogrammeat BIT, Patna", "text": "PATNA: Birla Institute of Technology, Patna campus, organized its first faculty development programme on 'Research methodology and statistical package for social science (SPSS)' here on Saturday.The programme was inaugurated by director, BIT, Patna, S L Gupta, in the presence of the head of department, environmental science, Central University of Bihar (CUB), Patna, Dr Ram Kumar, deputy director, BIT, Patna, Dr S P Lal, programme co-ordinator Trisha Kumar, in charge MBA Prof Sridhar Kumar and faculty members.The inauguration was followed by a presentation on BIT, Patna, and focus on the progress in the education as well as social fields by Smita Pallavi. In his inaugural note, Gupta gave an overview on research methodology and SPSS. He guided the audience with important points on research methods - primary and secondary, sampling, question design and field works/experiments analysis of data. In the next session, Ram Kumar talked about 'Basic Research and Process'. He also gave ideas on how to conduct research.The last session was addressed by Prof Nazmul Hoda, Noida, New Delhi, on scaling and sampling process which gives an idea on different sampling processes and focused on basic research methods and design. In this session, foreign dignitaries Elvin Xing Yifu and Phua Mei Yen (Singapore) and Thomas Herzmark (UK) also participated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17083915", "title": "DG to move govt on arrest restriction", "text": "LUCKNOW: Director general (DG) of Uttar Pradesh Police (UPP) A C Sharma said on Saturday he was not in favor of restriction on arrest of accused in offences that entail imprisonment up to 7 years if convicted. The state police chief said he was contemplating sending a report to the state government to seek lifting of the restriction in the state.\"It is my personal opinion that the restriction has come as a saviour for accused in offences as grave as molestation, cheating, robbery and death due to negligence. Even if someone tries to outrage the modesty of a woman openly, he cannot be arrested as per the amendment in the criminal procedure code (CrPC) that came on December 23, 2008,\" explains Sharma talking to TOI.The state police chief said he was of the view that the government must look into this clause and seek expert advice to make the amendment case specific, if possible. \"Otherwise, law will hardly be a deterrent for anyone who molests someone knowing he cannot be arrested,\" Sharma said. The DGP emphasised it was his personal opinion and that that he was consulting experts of criminal law to confirm if there was a more detailed and specific explanation for such arrests.Many law experts believe the restriction has come as a blessing in disguise for petty criminals in offences which have led to serious consequences as well. \"Though the amendment has a help to restrain police from arresting anyone at will, on the flip side the law in place has been reduced to hardly a deterrent for \"casual\" offenders,\" says Arif Mohammed, a lawyer specialising in criminal cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17080836", "title": "Cops record statements of BMW mishap witnesses", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mankhurd police probing into Thursday's road accident in Mankhurd, in which one woman died, have started recording the statements of eyewitnesses.According to the police, there are three to four witnesses, including a freelance photographer, who were present at the accident scene.The statement of photographer Mukund Singh, who informed the police about the accident, has been recorded, sources claimed.\"There are three others, including two constables, who reached the spot and took the deceased, Mubin Zehra Sayyed, to hospital,\" said a senior police officer. To ensure that the witnesses do not turn hostile their statements have been videographed, sources said. The police said they will prepare a \"water-tight case\" to nail the accused, BMW driver Aarti Shetty. The accused lost control of her sedan on the Sion-Panvel highway and rammed it into an auto in which Mubin and others were travelling, allege cops. Shetty was booked under sections of the Indian Penal Code as well as under section 185 of the Motor Vehicle Act. However, she was granted bail immediately.Meanwhile, the Mankhurd police are planning to re-arrest the accused after they slapped Section 304 A (causing death by negligence) of the Indian Penal Code on Friday.If it is confirmed that Shetty was intoxicated beyond the permissible level, it could provide grounds to attract IPC section 304-II (culpable homicide not amounting to murder). Upon conviction, the section invites more years in prison than section 304-A. Mubin's family said they want Shetty to be punished stringently. Her eldest son, Ali Raza, said he felt helpless with his mother gone and father oblivious about the loss. Mubin's husband Mohammed Hussain was operated for a fracture in his right foot on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17081100", "title": "Ranchi hostel manager rapes girl seeking tuition", "text": "RANCHI: A 17-year-old diploma student was raped by the manager of a city-based girls' hostel on Saturday morning when. The victim, who was seeking academic assistance Abhishek Srivastava, was alone in the hostel as her roommate was attending college. Srivastava, who manages a boys' and girls' hostel at Premnagar in Jagarnathpur, also lives in the same areaJagannathpur police station officer in-charge Anil Kumar said: \"The accused has confessed and he has been sent to jail.\" The victim has been sent for medical test, he saidOn Saturday, the victim did not go to college, Vidya Memorial Institute of Technology in Tupudana, as she had to attend to some personal work. \"Around 10am, Srivastava told me that he had some information about diploma courses and wanted to share it with me,\" the police quoted the victim as saying. In the FIR, the girl said that he raped her when she went into his room. Only a few students were at the hostel when the incident occurred.Devendra Shukla, investigating officer of the case, said: \"Around 100 students live in the two-storied hostel on Road No 6.\" Srivastava hails from Kushinagar in Uttar Pradesh and has been managing the hostels on contract with the landlords for the last few years. The owners of the hostel do not stay on the premise. An inmate of the hostel said, \"The accused was of flirty nature and used to try to mingle with all the girls living here. The victim was new and was not aware of his character.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17082581", "title": "Saying it with books, and more", "text": "KOCHI: The 15th DC International Book Fair and Cultural Fest promises to literally pull out all the stops with its exhaustive showcase of books at the Marine Drive ground. Voracious readers, who believe a book is man's best friend after the dog, can lose themselves in over 10 lakh books that include fiction, children's books, biographies, autobiographies, books on management, fitness, cookery, self-help, parenting, travel, communication, science and art.Birbal, Tenali Raman and Nasreddin Hodja gaze at children from book covers as tiny tots are drawn to the age old charm of the Amar Chithra Katha series and the famed Aesop and Jataka tales. Classics continue to enjoy their years of fame while graphic novels and collector's items like the 10th anniversary Calvin and Hobbes book, Sherlock Holmes collection and the Ramayana and Mahabharata are popular.Amish Tripathi's Shiva Trilogy and Eric Hobsbawm's trilogy on European history are highly favoured by readers.While those with a funny bone head straight to P G Wodehouse, appetites for mystery and horror are satiated in works of Agatha Christie, Alistair Maclean and Georgette Heyer. And Danielle Steele, Nicholas Sparks and Cecilia Ahern tell the proverbial tale of love.Cookbooks savour the local flavour as Suriyani, Chettinad and east-Indian recipes attract buyers. Educational books and textbooks on life sciences and technology are also well stocked at the fair.In what is a trend that is here to stay, Malayalam translations of the works of Paulo Coelho , Stephen Covey , Osho, Shobha De and Robin Sharma make for quick sales. Television shows and films get an extra lease of life with scripts being compiled into books. The Malayalam literature stronghold is well represented by the works of Basheer, Thakazhi, VKN, Mukundan and O V Vijayan among others.Evenings at the book fair feature book releases, sitar and ghazal performances, a play and a cookery show by chef Naushad. Union minister K V Thomas, award-winning author Ravi Subramanian, M S Swaminathan, geneticist, writers Sethu and Sara Joseph and film actors Mohanlal, V K Sreeraman, Manoj K Jayan and Madhupal will attend the book releases. In Sylvia Plath's words, the fair, scheduled till November 14, affords visitors a chance to 'live, love and say it well in good sentences.'Kochi: The 15th DC International Book Fair and Cultural Fest promises to literally pull out all the stops with its exhaustive showcase of books at the Marine Drive ground. Voracious readers, who believe a book is man's best friend after the dog, can lose themselves in over 10 lakh books that include fiction, children's books, biographies and autobiographies and books on management, fitness, cookery, self-help, parenting, travel, communication, science, and art.Birbal, Tenali Raman and Naseerudin Hodja gaze at children from book covers as tiny tots are drawn to the age old charm of the Amar Chithra Katha series and the famed Aesop and Jataka tales. Classics continue to enjoy their years of fame while graphic novels and collectors 'items like the 10th anniversary Calvin and Hobbes book, complete Sherlock Holmes collection and the Ramayana and Mahabharata are popular.Amish Tripathi's Shiva Trilogy and Eric Hobsbawm's trilogy on European history are highly favoured by readers. While those with a funny bone head straight to P G Wodehouse, appetites for mystery and horror are satiated in works of Agatha Christie, Alistair Maclean and Georgette Heyer. And Danielle Steele, Nicholas Sparks and Cecilia Ahern tell the proverbial tale of love.Cookbooks savour the local flavour as Suriyani, Chettinad and east-Indian recipes attract buyers. Educational books and textbooks on life sciences and technology are also well stocked at the fair.In what is a trend that is here to stay, Malayalam translations of the works of Paulo Coelho, Stephen Covey, Osho, Shobha De and Robin Sharma make for quick sales. Television shows and films get an extra lease of life with scripts being compiled into books. The Malayalam literature stronghold is well represented by the works of Basheer, Thakazhi, VKN, Mukundan and OV Vijayan among others.Evenings at the book fair feature book releases, sitar and ghazal performances, a play and a cookery show by chef Naushad. Union minister K V Thomas, award-winning author Ravi Subramanian, M S Swaminathan, noted geneticist, writers Sethu and Sara Joseph and film actors Mohanlal, V K Sreeraman, Manoj K Jayan and Madhupal will attend the book releases.In Sylvia Plath's words, the fair, scheduled till November 14, affords visitors the chance to 'live, love and say it well in good sentences.'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17083392", "title": "No more eating for two", "text": "One of the upsides of pregnancy is guiltfree eating. It is a time to gorge on gheesoaked paranthas with oily pickle and dispatch the husband on an ice-cream hunt in the wee hours because the 'baby wants to have a chocolate chip sundae' . But Lavina Tauro's pregnancy was very different. The 33-year-old Mumbaikar did not touch sweets or fried items and she got her entire day's food cooked in less than three teaspoons of oil.Tauro is among a small but growing breed of fitness conscious women who diet during pregnancy to ensure the nine months don't leave them with saddle bags, double chins and flabby arms. At least five mothers-to-be approach Mumbai-based nutritionist Pooja Makhija and Dr Manisha Bandishti , who runs a lifestyle management clinic in Pune, every month for guidance even though they don't suffer from conditions like gestational diabetes or hypertension. \"These women too want healthy babies but they don't want to be ten sizes bigger by the end of it,\" says Makhija, a motherof-two whose slender frame makes her look like the screen divas she usually counsels.Grannies needn't throw their arms up in disbelief for babies born to these calorie-counting mothers are perfectly healthy, say experts. Tauro's son, now five months old, weighed 3.4 kilos at birth (the healthy weight is 2.8 kg) even though she had put on only eight kilos during her pregnancy. \"My mother was very apprehensive initially. But my baby was developing very well so she figured I was doing the right thing,\" says the Mumbai resident. A senior executive in a media firm, Tauro managed to work till the day she went into labour. \"I used to feel and look so fresh because of my eating pattern that people found it hard to believe I was pregnant,\" she adds.A recent study published in the British Medical Journal showed that dieting is safe, and even beneficial, during pregnancy. Researchers from Queen Mary, University of London , analysed the results of 44 trials involving more than 7,000 women and found that the risks of preeclampsia - which causes high blood pressure - diabetes and premature birth can all be reduced if the expectant mother sticks to a healthy, caloriecontrolled diet.It would've been alright if mommies-to-be stuck to the health and fitness goals. Unfortunately, some pregnant women take up diets to give birth to 'fair, intelligent' babies or to have a boy. A south Delhi dietician, who does not wish to be named, claims a woman who had been following her diet from the first trimester recently gave birth to a baby who looked liked a \"pink rose\" even though both she and her husband are dark. On a more serious note, though, the nutritionist emphasises that there is no magic potion and that the baby's complexion may have been clear because of \"right eating\" .While there's no scientific research to back up this explanation, what is well known is that certain foods, like coconuts, improve the quality of the skin and hair. This reason is enough for Makhija to prescribe a piece of fresh coconut daily for her pregnant clients. \"It works,\" says Tauro, \"My boy was born with his head full of silky hair.\" Babies born to mothers who eat healthy also tend to be more alert and active, say nutritionists. The south Delhi nutritionist claims most of the babies born to her clients score a perfect 10 in the APGAR test - an assessment of the newborn's pulse, responsiveness and other parameters of physical well-being - done immediately after birth. \"The children also fall sick less often. My clients have told me that they need to take their children to the paediatrician only for immunisation,\" she adds.The diet plans drawn up for expectant mothers aim to help them limit weight gain, more so when the woman is already overweight. Experts say a woman with normal weight at the time of conception needs to gain only nine to 12 kilos - a figure that most pregnant women tend to shoot above. Makhija says pregnancy increases the body's calorie requirement by just 150-200 calories per day so she makes sure her clients get exactly that much more.Dieticians also dispel myths regarding consumption of certain foods. \"Elders often ban bananas and eggs saying they release too much heat. But these are, in fact, very beneficial during pregnancy \" says Bandishti. She gives a trimester-specific diet to women. For instance, she recommends good fats and omega-3-rich foods, like flax seeds and fish to those in the third trimester as this is the final stage of the baby's brain development. In the first trimester, she suggests eggs and lean chicken as they are rich in vitamin B12 as well as foods with folic acid to aid in the formation of the nerve cells of the foetus and avoid anaemia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17083470", "title": "Desktop each for office-bearers of students union", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Authorities the of Allahabad University have decided to provide desktop computer and other office equipment to the office-bearers of the newly elected student's union.All five office-bearers would also be provided a printer to share at their allotted rooms in the Union Hall of the university.The newly elected office-bearers including the president, vice-president, general secretary, joint secretary and cultural secretary had asked the university authorities to provide a number of facilities a computer, wall clock and furniture at the rooms allotted to them. Later, their demands were tabled at the purchase committee constituted by the university authorities.After discussion it was decided that instead of providing the president a laptop, all five office-bearers be given a desktop computer each for their offices, along with a printer which would be shared by them.These office-bearers would be given other items including wall clock, furniture and the staff to sweep their offices.The authorities would soon be issuing work order after which the required would be done.The university has constituted a purchase committee to buy all the above said items for the office-bearers.This committee would be chaired by dean student welfare (DSW) and other members include R K Singh, Prof J A Ansari, deputy registrar R L Vishkarma, assistant registrar Pradeep Agarwal and Rajeev Gupta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17081348", "title": "Abu Jundal \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcbrain\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 behind 2006 Aurangabad arms haul plot", "text": "MUMBAI: The Anti-Terrorism Squad (ATS) on Saturday filed a supplementary chargesheet in the special court against suspected Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) operative Zabihuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal in the 2006 Aurangabad arms haul case.Currently, Jundal is in the ATS's custody in Ahmedabad in connection with the 2006 Kalupur station blast. \"The chargesheet names Jundal as the main conspirator along with co-accused Fayaz Kagzi,\" ATS chief Rakesh Maria told TOI.The document was submitted before special judge S M Modak in the Maharashtra Control of Organised Crime Act court through special public prosecutor Raja Thakre.According to the ATS, one of its teams chased a Tata Sumo and an Indica on the Chandwad-Manmad highway near Aurangabad on May 8, 2006, and arrested three suspects and seized 30kg RDX, 10 AK-47 rifles and 3,200 bullets. Later, the police seized 13kg RDX, six AK-47s, 50 grenades and two swords from other suspects. Those arrested reportedly told the police that the consignment was brought by Jundal, who had fled along with Kazgi to Pakistan .The 3,650-page chargesheet contains panchanamas of the seized weapons. Maria said the confession statements of 10 co-accused and the statements recorded under Section 164 of the Criminal Procedure Code are crucial evidence that highlight Jundal's complicity in the case.The chargesheet also contains the statements of 270 witnesses, including police personnel. In August, the ATS secured Jundal's custody in the case. He was first arrested by the Delhi police on June 25 after he was deported from Saudi Arabia . On July 20, the crime branch took the alleged LET operative into custody in the 26/11 case. A supplementary chargsheet against him in the case was filed on October 16.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17081231", "title": "Intelligence agencies, cops on alert for grand rally", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi Police is working in tandem with central intelligence agencies, the central security forces and the Special Protection Group (SPG) to ensure the Congress mega rally at Ramlila Maidan on Sunday passes off peacefully. Also, extensive preparations have been made by the traffic police as they want to ensure that lakhs of supporters, arriving from adjoining states, leave the venue peacefully.According to police, they have informed Congress that the maximum capacity of Ramlila Maidan \u00e2\u20ac\u201d 60,000 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d must not be breached. \"The organizers have told us that they are setting up special screens outside the venue to ensure no extra rush takes place inside the grounds,'' said Satyendra Garg, joint CP (Traffic).Over 2,000 police officials, said sources, will be posted at the venue, apart from 8,000 others that will be deployed across the city. With the opposition BJP planning protests across the city, political observers feel that the police will be instrumental in ensuring that the supporters of both the parties do not clash with each other.Meanwhile, the SPG will ensure that security for political heavyweights like PM Manmohan Singh, UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi, and Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi is given prime importance. Around 50 CCTV cameras have been installed at the venue by Delhi police and a separate control room has been created inside Ramlila Maidan. Another 20 cameras have been placed outside the venue andscanners have also been installed at the gates.In all, five stages will be erected. While PM Manmohan Singh will be seated along with Sonia Gandhi and Rahul Gandhi on one stage, the another stage will host senior Congress leaders and the cabinet ministers.According to traffic officials, they are in touch with UP and Haryana police and will assign their men at the borders to guide outstation supporters to the venue. \"We have chalked down all the routes through which participants can reach the venue quickly. For example, buses entering from Gurgaon have to take the NH-8-Dhaula Kuan Ring Road-Ashram Chowk-Sarai Kale Khan-Rajghat. Similarly, buses entering from Sonepat will follow Singhu border-G T Road- Azadpur Mandi-Civil Lines- Changi Ram Akhara to Rajghat and those from Ghaziabad will take the Loni border-Wazirabad Road-Pusta Road-ISBT Ring Road to Rajghat,'' said Garg.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17083856", "title": "Police arrest listed criminal", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Kydgunj police on Friday night arrested a listed criminal wanted in connection with several cases of loot from old Yamuna bridge where he had come to meet an accomplice.The police team arrested from his possession Rs 1500 cash which were looted by him and his accomplices. The arrested man Rahul Patel alias Mona aged 22 years and resident village Khallabad under Bharwari police station of Kaushambi district was evading arrest since the past several months.Station Officer, Kydgunj police station informed that the arrested person was a member of the notorious tempo gang which was involved in looting passengers who boarded their tempo.The gang members would take the tempo to some secluded spot where they looted the passengers and injuring them.He added that the other 3 members of the gang have already been arrested earlier and Patel was evading arrest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17081256", "title": "RTC asked to pay medical costs of mishap-hit girls", "text": "HYDERABAD: Justice B Subhashan Reddy, the Lokayukta for Andhra Pradesh , has directed the superintendent of Yashoda hospital, Secunderabad, against collecting any charges from Rakha and Rithwika ,the two children of the couple from West Bengal who were hit by an RTC bus on Tank Bund on the night of October 27.The accident had killed the parents and left the children badly crippled. The two girls are currently undergoing treatment at Yashoda hospital with the condition of Rakha said to be serious. The family was hit by an RTC bus while they were crossing the road on Tank Bund.The Lokayukta, who took up the matter on his own, had earlier sought a report from Gandhinagar police station who had registered the accident case. Upon perusing the sub-inspector's report, the judge directed the superintendent of the hospital to file a report on the status of the children by Wednesday.Meanwhile, justice Subhashan Reddy directed the superintendent to see to it that all the required medical attention including medicines, treatment and nutrition etc. was provided to the children them being charged for it. The charges shall be collected from RTC, the judge said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17081047", "title": "Ex-minister in Jalgaon scam finally goes back to jail", "text": "MUMBAI: Shiv Sena MLA Suresh Jain, an accused in the Rs 169-crore Jalgaon housing scam, was finally taken to Arthur Road jail from Jaslok Hospital late on Saturday evening.The former housing minister has been in various hospitals since March when he was moved from police custody to judicial custody. Jain is also an accused in a host of other scams where money was allegedly siphoned off from the Jalgaon District Co-operative Bank of which he was the chairman.Dr R R Pulgaonkar, chief executive officer, Jaslok Hospital, said he had signed the discharge papers in the morning, but the hospital was forced to hold him back on account of non-payment of bills. \"Now, I have told them to hand over his custody to the police irrespective of whether he pays the bills or not,\" Pulgaonkar said.On Friday, Arthur Road jail authorities handed over a letter to the hospital seeking Jain's immediate custody as per court orders. Dr Pulgaonkar said Jain's blood sugar had dropped and therefore they could not discharge him on Friday.Though Jain was taken into custody by the police around 5.10pm, he continued to be at the hospital till late as he refused to leave without paying the bills. As Jain is a sitting legislator, the cost of his medical treatment will be borne by the state government. \"On the directions of the high court, we have set up a committee under the Speaker and the chairman of the Vidhan Parishad. Officials from the finance and medical departments are members of this committee. The committee scrutinizes bills submitted by a member and then forwards them to the government for reimbursement,\" said Anant Kalse, secretary, Vidhan Bhavan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17081680", "title": "Govt to file affidavit in SC in Bhagwat Nagar case", "text": "PATNA: The state government is to file an affidavit in the Supreme Court on November 8 regarding its order for demolition of 131 unauthorized houses at Bhagwat Nagar, Patna.Chief secretary A K Sinha on Saturday presided over a meeting with the top brass of Patna district administration, Patna police and Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) commissioner in this regard and reviewed the electricity bills, holding tax payments and amount of revenue from the 131 houses.According to district administration sources, the state government would mention in the affidavit that those households who have been paying holding tax and electricity bills should be spared from the demolition drive. However, no new construction would be allowed in the earmarked area. \"The district administration feared large-scale violence and could not take the risk of forcible demolition of these houses,\" the source said.On October 31, PMC commissioner Pankaj Kumar Pal filed an affidavit in the Supreme Court blaming Patna district administration for its non-cooperation during the PMC demolition drive thrice in October after the SC order. The SC had given three months' time for the removal of the unauthorized constructions from Bhagwat Nagar keeping in mind the festive season.According to the court directive, the illegal constructions were to be removed within six weeks from September 12. The deadline for removing these unauthorized buildings ended on October 30. In the affidavit, PMC officials claimed that due to district administration's non-cooperation, PMC failed to demolish the 131 unauthorized constructions.The Bihar Finance Service Housing Cooperative Society (BFSHCS) had purchased about 56 acres of land at Bhagwat Nagar in 1983 for providing residence plots to its members. Over the years, about 18 acres of the land have been encroached by residents of Bhagwat Nagar.The BFSHCS has been fighting the case for a long time. Bihar government is respondent in the case. The Patna DM, PMC commissioner and district land acquisition officer are among the 22 respondents in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17083124", "title": "Mangalore City Corporation wants GPS on all outsourced vehicles", "text": "MANGALORE: All vehicles outsourced by Mangalore City Corporation will necessarily have to come fitted with global positioning system (GPS) devices. While MCC has made GPS mandatory for 30 vehicles outsourced for use by its officials, it has floated a tender to install GPS on 40 vehicles outsourced for maintenance.The move will help the civic body monitor the movements of outsourced vehicles and prevent their misuse, said K Harish Kumar, commissioner. The data will also be hosted on the corporation's website to ensure their use is transparent to citizens, he said. Payment to contractors - in this case, vehicle owners - will be dependent on the GPS data alone and not on manual records.GPS devices will not be fitted on to the official vehicles of the commissioner, mayor and deputy mayor.As a first step, the corporation has fixed GPS devices on four vehicles of the electrical wing, which has outsourced 24 vehicles for maintenance of streetlights and other electrical works. This will help monitor whether the electrical wing personnel have attended to the complaint or not. The system will make sure the complaints are attended to without delay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17084034", "title": "War erupts in Peace Party, Senior leader quits", "text": "LUCKNOW: g Internal bickerinwithin the Peace Party came in open on Saturday, when senior leader and party national general secretary, Akhilesh Singh accused the party of hobnobbing with the Bharatiya Janata Party in an attempt to create communal tension in Faizabad.Akhilesh, a sitting MLA from Rae Bareli, rather lent full support to Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav apprehension that it were Peace Party and BJP workers, who were behind the communal tension in the district.\"I and two other Peace Party MLAs - Kamal Yusuf Mallik from Domariyaganj and Anees-ur-Rehman from Kanth - inquired about the incidents and found Netaji's (Mulayam Singh Yadav) apprehension true,\" Akhilesh said, while speaking to TOI, and added, \"After all Mulayam is a great leader. His apprehensions could not be ignored.\" The five-time MLA from Rae Bareli, Singh, however, said that he was not leaving Peace Party, but only resigning from the post of party general secretary. He also shrugged off speculations that he is going to join the Samajwadi Party.Reacting to the developments, Peace Party president Dr Mohammad Ayub said that it was a conspiracy on the part of Samajwadi Party to break away some of the MLAs from other parties.He accused the Samajwadi Party of \"buying\" MLAs. As a matter of fact, Peace Party had been under a scanner of the Lucknow administration during the clashes that happened after Alvida Namaz (last Friday prayers) of Ramzan on August 17.The Peace Party made its debut in the UP assembly elections winning four seats. It contested on 208 assembly constituencies and managed to get 2.35% of the total votes. Akhilesh Singh, who had floated a political party Akhil Bhartiya Congress Dal (ABCD) in 2003, announced the merger of his party with the Peace Party. He was the lone MLA of ABCD in the UP Assembly until 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "17082766", "title": "Manipur music icon Joykumar dead", "text": "IMPHAL: Manipuri music icon Khundrakpam Joykumar passed away on Saturday morning after a prolonged illness at a private hospital here. Popularly known as \"Khun Joy\", the singer was also a popular actor and theatre artiste. Joykumar was 62.Joykumar was the music director of two international and national award winning films - \"Imagi Ningthem\" and \"Olangthagi Wangmadasoo\" - by Aribam Syam Sharma. His hits \"heibok chingsang maming kaore\" and \"ene magi mapao\" are still popular. From Catholic Medical Centre, Joykumar's body was taken to his Kwakeithel residence where his last rites were performed. Hundreds of artistes, musicians and well wishers joined the mourning amid a tearful scene. \"Kaka (uncle) Joykumar has gone for the heavenly abode leaving music lovers in a state of shock.May his soul rest in peace,\" said young music icon Ranbir Thouna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17082270", "title": "Man promises marriage, cheats woman of Rs 1.24 cr", "text": "PUNE: Kiran Deshpande of Kothrud lured at least six gullible divorcees, promised to marry them, assured their relatives of high posts in his software firm, took the women's money and then dumped them. On Friday, the law caught up with him.The Kothrud police on Friday arrested Deshpande (32) for allegedly extorting money from at least six women after promising to marry them. He was sent to police custody on Saturday till November 5. Police have also booked his father Sharad Deshpande for abetting him in the crime.The incident came to light after a 27-year-old woman registered a case against him for duping her to the tune of Rs 1.24 crore between 2011 and 2012.Assistant police inspector D S Walimbe of Kothrud police station on Saturday told TOI that the victim was working as an assistant manager in a leading bank in Pune Cantonment when she met Kiran, a customer.Walimbe said that Kiran, a bachelor, fell in love with the woman. He impressed her family members who then made cheque payments of Rs 1.24 crore to him between August 2, 2011 and November 2, 2012 for expansion of his business. He also collected 105 grams of gold ornaments from her.\"Investigations have revealed that Kiran had allegedly duped another divorcee of Rs 16.99 lakh by using the same modus operandi. We have seized two and half tola of gold ornaments from Kiran,\" he stated, adding that he may have duped more women.Deputy commissioner of police (Zone I) Makarand Ranade told TOI that Deshpande won the confidence of family members of his victims with promises of high posts in his company.He had rented a shop in the Cantonment area and had completed his second year in electrical engineering from Aurangabad. After he got engaged to the women, he sold them his plans of expansion in Dubai and Singapore and gave some persons letters of appointment as directors in his company to make an impression, said inspector Shrikant Navale( crime) of Kothrud police station. They have seized two cars.Deshpande, who lived lavishly, had booked two flats in Kondhwa and opened several NRI bank accounts. The details are being collected, Navale said.The victim's family members allegedly forced him to sit in a car and demanded money from him. His family members called the control room saying that he had been kidnapped and gave the car number which was later traced to Bund Garden area, Ranade stated.A patrol team brought all of them to Kothrud police station and during interrogation it was revealed that Deshpande had cheated the women, he added. Deshpande was produced before judicial magistrate first class S S Bose.Arguing for 14 days' police custody remand, assistant public prosecutor A V Ausekar said that Deshpande's custodial interrogation was essential for recovering Rs 1.24 crore and sought time to find out if he had made investments in real estate. Ausekar pleaded for sufficient time to the police for through investigations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17082303", "title": "ABG still on board, says port trust", "text": "KOLKATA: Cargo handling company ABG - the parent group of Haldia Bulk Terminals that has pulled out of Bengal - may continue its business at Kolkata port.\"ABG-PSA, the company's consortium with the Port of Singapore, has made it clear that it wants to continue with container handling operations at Kolkata Dock System till 2014 (the year when the contract ends),\" said KoPT chairman-in-charge Manish Jain.ABG Ports Ltd has also participated in a tender for mechanization of Netaji Subhas Dock 5 under KDS. Friday was the final date for submitting bids for this project under which two mobile harbour cranes are to be put in place to handle containers.HBT is a special purpose vehicle of the ABG-LDA consortium. When HBT CEO Gurpreet Malhi was asked on Wednesday whether ABG would continue in Kolkata, he had said: \"It's a different company that works in Kolkata. I can't say what their decision will be.\"The KoPT chairman showcased this to argue that the HBT's decision to quit Haldia was solely on commercial grounds. \"KoPT doesn't have two different policies for Haldia Dock Complex (HDC) and KDS,\" Jain said.However, the HBT CEO Gurpreet Malhi stood firm on the company's pulling out of Haldia. \"HBT was constrained to inform the port on October 31 of its decision to immediately terminate its contract for operation in HDC. HBT is left with no option but to retrench its 348 employees from November 3, 2012. A letter has been dispatched to each of the retrenched employee advising them of the company's decision,\" Malhi said on Saturday.The retrenchment has been carried out in full compliance of the laws and each employee's bank account has been credited with the compensation they are entitled to, he added.Malhi had earlier said that the port trust failed in its obligations. The port chairman didn't buy the argument though. Jain argued that HBT has not been able to show one instance where Berths 2 or 8 remained vacant when there was a ship at the Sandheads.\"HBT is blaming us for not providing a guaranteed volume, though this was never a part of the contract. In reality, HBT made no effort to increase its own volume of cargo. Though it was a contractual commitment, HBT refused to unload wagons. Due to this, Berths 2 and 8 could not be utilized for the outward movement of cargo. Even when the company made a change in its shareholding pattern without consulting us, during finalizing of the tender, we took no action though this was against the agreement,\" the port chairman said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17081636", "title": "Farmers divided over HC verdict on Noyyal solatium", "text": "COIMBATORE: The high court order directing Noyyal River Ayacutdars Protection Association to return the compensation it received for the damages to farms caused by pollution has come as a shock for the 535 members. Most of the office bearers of the organisation refused to comment on the topic while treasurer A M Thangamuthu told TOI that it would definitely appeal against order. As it was an order from the division bench, Thangamuthu was unable to say whether they would approach the same bench or the Supreme Court.What irks the association is that about 360 out of the 535 member farmers, have already received compensation, amounting to nearly Rs 25 crore. Thangamuthu confirmed that the amounts were released way back in January and most farmers used the amounts they received to meet family needs like marriages, repayment of loans and for the purchase of household items. Hence, recovery measures would be difficult. Most of the farmers lack resources to return the compensation amount. But Thangamuthu agreed that it was unfair to set apart the whole compensation generally meant for 28,596 farmers for the benefit of just 535 families.Meanwhile, farmers' leader P Kandhasamy welcomed the court verdict saying it would ensure justice for all the real sufferers in the area. \"The preferential treatment awarded by the government to a particular association is quite unfair as pointed out by the court. The pollution of the river had spread across a large area. Even ground water has been contaminated leading to destruction of agricultural farms. Any compensation should be divided among all the affected people based on the extent of the damage they suffered,\" he said.According to Kandhasamy, pollution in the Noyyal affected Orathupalyam dam and its surroundings as toxic wastes accumulated there and mixed with ground water. Vast stretches of agricultural lands were destroyed due to the high levels of pollutants, he added. Farmers' leader P Nallusamy also welcomed the court order saying arbitrary awarding of compensation to an organisation is not good. The farmers in general are now asking for immediate steps to convert Orathupalayam dam to its original condition than dividing the compensation among a selected few.About 28,449 hectares in 68 villages were ruined in the pollution caused by the dyeing units which dotted the banks of the Noyyal. Following a high court direction, all these units were asked to down the shutters. According to Kandhasamy, the situation would be vitiated unless the government mediates between various farmers' associations and work out a solution acceptable to all.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17082367", "title": "Homemaker dies, family cries foul", "text": "KOLKATA: A 35-year-old woman died after reportedly falling off the staircase at her house in Gobindapur colony of south Kolkata late on Friday. Tension started on Saturday morning when the victim's family and locals alleged that the woman was murdered by her husband and in-laws.The victim's father lodged a complaint against the husband and the in-laws following which a murder case was registered. While the woman's husband was arrested, her in-laws were released after interrogation.Locals said the homemaker, Ganga Das, married Ganesh eight years ago. The couple has two children - a four-year-old daughter and a two-and-a-half-year-old son. Ganga was tortured by her husband and in-laws and the situation turned worse after she gave birth to a girl, said a neighbour.On October 24, Ganga reportedly gave birth to a baby girl but within hours the baby was found abandoned near the railway tracks. The girl later died. \"Ganesh killed the baby,\" said Ganga's father Sreemanta, a shop-owner.During investigation, locals also said they saw Ganga leaving the baby near the tracks. \"We are verifying the statement,\" said an officer.On Friday, Ganga fell off the stairs after being pushed by her husband and in-laws, claimed Sreemanta.He lodged a complaint against Ganesh, his mother Debu and sister Boni. \"We are probing whether she was murdered or if it was an accidental death,\" said an investigator.Unnatural death of a woman at Gobindapur colony in south Kolkata, sparked tension in the area on Saturday afternoon. Finally following the complaint of the father of the victim, police registered as a case of murder and arrested victim's husband.Police said, late on Friday, Ganga Das, a 35-year-old house wife died after she fell from the first floor staircase in her residence at Gobindapur. She was taken to hospital in critical condition where she succumbed. In the morning problem broke out after the locals alleged that Ganga was murdered by her husband and in-laws. \"She was pushed from the stair and died,\" alleged a neighbour. Ganga used to stay with her husband Ganesh, sister-in-law and mother-in law. The couple has two children - a four-year-old daughter and two and half year old son.Locals alleged that on October 24, Ganga gave birth of a baby girl at home when none was present. But after some time,the baby was found abandoned beside nearby railways tracks. The baby died within hours. \"Ganesh killed the baby,\" alleged Ganga's father Sreemanta. But during that time no complaint was lodged with police. During investigation, locals who first spotted the baby beside the railway tracks claimed that they spotted Ganga leaving the baby beside the tracks. \" We are verifying the statement,\" said an officer.Locals have to say around eight years ago, Ganga got married with Ganesh. For past few months, her in-laws and Ganesh allegedly were torturing her and the situation turned worst after Ganga gave birth of a baby girl. Victim's father Sreemanta, owner of a small shop also alleged that his daughter has been murdered by her son-in-law.In the afternoon, Sreemanta lodged complaint against Ganesh her widow sister Boni Patra and mother Debu Das. In his complaint Sreemanta also alleged that the baby was also killed by Ganesh. Police registered two separate murder cases. Police arrested Ganesh but released Boni and Debu after interrogation, as no evidence was found against them. Investigators however could not confirm the nature of the death of Ganga. \" We are probing whether she was murdered or was an accidental death,\" said another investigator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17082570", "title": "Tendulkar's Ranji ton a good sign: Gavaskar", "text": "MUMBAI: Sachin Tendulkar's propensity to get out bowled too often in recent times may have generated debate, but batting legend Sunil Gavaskar feels Tendulkar is too good a batsman not to have overcome any technical shortcomings.\"I think he has worked on it (the mode of dismissal). He is one of the most hardworking and studious guys you can come across. I think Sachin (Tendulkar) would have had enough time to think about how he got out. If he has got the runs now he must have worked on it and the evidence will be there in the Tests. But the very fact that he has got runs now is a very good sign,\" Gavaskar said, referring to Tendulkar's century on Day One of Mumbai's Ranji Trophy match against Railways.In recent months, Tendulkar has been cleaned up by fast bowlers on quite a few occasions but Gavaskar said: \"That was the early part of the Indian season. Generally the season starts at this time in October and in the early part of the season some people tend to get a bit rusty. India had not played international cricket for some months. It was one of those rare two months off from international cricket so maybe it could well have been a case of being rusty. But as I said, Sachin is a quick learner, he is somebody who may have noticed the chinks himself.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17081360", "title": "Married woman booked for attempt to suicide", "text": "NAGPUR: Enraged over husband's objection to visiting her parents, a 20-year-old married woman set herself ablaze at her Lumbini Nagar residence in Mankapur. The incident took place on October 26 but Gittikhadan police booked her for attempt to suicide only after getting her statement on Thursday night.Jayashree Bhalavi, who was married to Pintu a year ago, sustained more than 60% burns. She is undergoing treatment at a private hospital and could not give her statement earlier due to her critical condition.On October 26, Jayashree had a heated argument with Pintu. In her statement to police, Jayashree said Pintu didn't allow her to visit her parents and also refused to give the bus fare. In a fit of rage, she poured kerosene on her body and set herself ablaze. She was saved by Pintu who also rushed her to a nearby private hospital.Family members told police that Jayashree was an impatient and hot-headed girl.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17083331", "title": "Vadura, a village of the damned &amp; ignored", "text": "CHENNAI: Unmindful of the scorching heat and the iron chains around his legs and hands, Raju alias Rajendra Dhere crouches on the ground, tracing his name in the mud with a finger. Ask him his age and what he does in life and he is quick to respond with One and Class One respectively. Then he begins rambling incoherently.The 40-year-old's plight is, bizarrely enough, reflected in almost every fourth house in Vadura, this village of 1,800 people in the Nandgaon-Khandeshwar block in the heart of Amravati district. Elsewhere in Vidarbha, the issue of poverty-stricken farmers committing suicide has taken precedence over all else. But in Vadura, or \"paagalon ka Vadura\" as it has come to be called, villagers have a greater concern: the silent demon of mental illness that has been afflicting people over the years and is now begging for government intervention.The villagers are unaware of the draft Mental Health Care Bill of 2010 which prohibits chaining persons with mental illness. Raju's family says that chaining Raju is the only way to keep him in \"control\". \"He tends to get violent. We admitted him to the Regional Mental Hospital at Nagpur thrice, but it has not helped,\" says his brother's wife, under whose care Raju has been since his farmer father committed suicide three years ago. Known as an intelligent boy and swimming expert in his teen years, Raju today bears no resemblance at all to his younger self.Fifty-two-year-old Laxman Satange, better known as 'Tiger' in the village, does not reflect the picture of his youth either. He sits in a corner or roams around his house, engrossed in whatever catches his fancy. If it is a piece of paper, he folds it relentlessly for hours; if a pen, he doodles endlessly. His brother Prabhakar is in the same boat. Until two months ago, he would wander around the village and take his clothes off. Now he talks to himself and spends most of his time sleeping.Known as the 'paagalon ka gaon', the village in Amravati, has an alarmingly high ratio of mental illness but the government hasn't seen it fit to intervene", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17085444", "title": "Two CISF jawans killed in naxal attack in Chhattisgarh", "text": "RAIPUR: Two CISF personnel were killed on Sunday in an attack by alleged naxals in Dantewada district of Chhattisgarh , police said.Dantewada SP Narendra Khare told PTI that naxals attacked Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) personnel deployed at the mines of National Mining Development Corporation in Akash Nagar area of the district this morning.Khare said naxals, disguised as locals waiting for bus, attacked the CISF team near the check post in Akash Nagar.While a jawan died on the spot, a constable was critically injured and succumbed at the hospital in Bacheli.The ultras then fled taking away an AK-47 and an Insas rifle from the spot.A hunt is on to nab the attackers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17082995", "title": "Can Malala save Pakistan?", "text": "The Taliban attack on the 14-year-old girl activist in Pakistan's violence-hit Swat valley last month has been followed by an unprecedented surge in anti-Taliban sentiments across the world. But will it really change things in that country? Harris Bin Munawar reports from LahoreWhen she fell, Pakistan stood and the world rose,\" Malala Yousafzai's father recently told reporters at the British hospital where she is recovering. \"This is a turning point,\" he added. The Taliban attack on the 14-year-old girl activist in Pakistan's violence-hit Swat valley last month has been followed by an unprecedented surge in anti-Taliban sentiments. But will it really change things in the country? Will the weak liberal government inIslamabad be able to rouse enough support to persuade the military to go after her attackers in the country's lawless northwest?The answers are not clear. For instance, the Taliban influence in Malala's scenic hometown Mingora had waned after a military operation the same year, but a recent series of attacks on locals who supported the operation has raised new security concerns. Malala was shot and injured along with two other friends in her school van. A Taliban spokesman said she had been attacked \"because of her pioneering role in preaching secularism\" , and vowed to attack her again if she survives.However, as Zia Ur Rehman, a researcher from Swat points out, even the Taliban would never have expected such an enormous reaction against the attack. Condemnations began to pour in right after the news of the attack was aired. Television channels ran heart-wrenching visuals and key opinion makers came out in support of the child activist as she battled with a near-fatal head injury.The Taliban, in retaliation , were quick to train their guns on the press. \"This filthy, godless media has taken huge advantage of the situation , and journalists have started passing judgment on us,\" it said in a statement, threatening to attack news organizations.Liberal political parties that are part of the ruling coalition were the strongest in their condemnation. Thousands of supporters of the MQM, known for its unwavering opposition to religious extremism , joined protests and prayers. Their leader, Altaf Hussain , asked people to boycott the clerics who did not condemn the attack. \"You are either with the Taliban or you are against them. There is no third option.\" But can this public outcry turn into a sustained movement? Tazeen Javed, a popular blogger and columnist based in Islamabad, doesn't think so. \"If anyone was delusional enough to think that Malala Yousafzai could turn into the Rosa Parks of Pakistan and this incident would give birth to intellectual renaissance and enlightenment in the country, they must be very disappointed with the vicious campaign that followed on social media to discredit this 14 year girl as a CIA Agent. What are logic and rationality going to do when faced with religious rhetoric, populist propaganda and real guns and bombs?\"In 2009, Pakistan had decided to use real guns and bombs against the Taliban in Swat after a similar anti-Taliban consensus that followed the airing of a video of a girl being flogged over accusations of indecency. This time, President Asif Ali Zardari admits there is no consensus. Speaking to journalists at a South Asian Free Media Association conference, he said Pakistan was too weak to deal with a blowback if it starts an operation to avenge the attack on Malala.The admission comes amid a worsening security situation in the valley that was once a tourist hub. \"This is not the first such attack ,\" says Rehman. \"Several key anti-Taliban figures have been killed and injured in Swat valley in recent months.\"Prominent Taliban leaders, who locals say had fled to Afghanistan's Kunar and Nuristan provinces during the 2009 operation, are believed to be behind the attacks. \"Anyone who sides with the government against us will have to die at our hands,\" Swat Taliban spokesman Sirajuddin told reporters recently.\"The resurgent Taliban are not in a position to regain control in Swat however,\" says Rehman, \"and will restrict their battle to hit-and-run tactics.\" That may create more problems for the government.A police officer who has served in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa says the concerns of a blowback may be genuine, but the impact of the blowback would be worse if there is a half-hearted operation. \"In case of a full-throttle attack, it will not take more than a month to normalize the security situation on the ground, with minimum backlash,\" he says.But the real question is whether the government is in a position to convince the military to launch an operation, and whether the military is ready to abandon what some in the establishment still regard as its strategic assets.\"The Pakistan army seems to be in a fix,\" says security analyst Imtiaz Gul. \"It is still forced to do a lot of policing. The civilian set-up in the center and Khyber Pakhtunkhwa has not been able to walk their talk, and has not come up with a coherent counter-terrorism policy .\" The military too has failed to convince the locals in the conflict-hit areas that it has turned its back on the militants , he adds.And until that changes, a transformation is not likely.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17088013", "title": "Euphoria at Times Ahmedabad Festival", "text": "The eighth day of Times Ahmedabad Festival turned out to be an amazingly power-packed one as Hind-rock band \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Euphoria enthralled music lovers of the city. Amidst dancing lights and loud cheers, frontman Palash Sen took the stage as he began with Rok Sako Toh Rok Lo, which promised all the people present a never-ending musical soiree.Amdavadis swayed to his tunes and sang along with him to all Euphoria's popular tracks including Dhoom Pichak Dhoom and the evergreen chartbuster Maaeri, where thousands of mobile lights lit up the sky. Palash kept the audience engaged constantly as he also sang a few lines in Gujarati of Aage Jaane Ram Kya Hoga.But what got everybody on their feet and dancing was the rocking remix of Damadam Mast Kalandar, Sadda Haq, Sayyonee, We Will Rock You, Summer of '69, Dil Se and Sanedo as well. Euphoria even launched their new album and sang a number from the album before ending the performance with Phir Dhoom.For all music lovers of the city, it was truly a 'euphoric' night.Contributed by Ano Patel", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17083474", "title": "Central Organization of Railway Electrification observes vigilance awareness week", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Central Organization of Railway Electrification (CORE) organised the Vigilance Awareness Week. Various programmes and competitions were organised during the weeklong event.General manager of CORE Jagdev Kalia exhorted the employees and officers that they should maintain transparency in work and perform their duty honestly. He also observed that CORE is entrusted with vital responsibility of the electrification of railway routes and we should work hard to achieve the set targets.The prize distribution ceremony was organised in the presence of chief vigilance officer of Railway Electrification Raj Narayan and the prizes were distributed to the winners of different events by chief guest chief electrical engineer of Railway Electrification Man Singh.During the weeklong event, a vigilance seminar was organised in presence of general manger of CORE Jagdev Kalia. He also released a vigilance bulletin 'Drishti' on the occasion. An essay writing, cartoon, slogan competition was also organised on November 31 in which numerous railway officers and employees participated. A debate was also organised to sensitize the officers and employees.During the inaugural ceremony, general manager of CORE Jagdev Kalia lighted the lamp and offered garland on the portrait of first Home Minister of the country Sardar Patel. The pledge was also administered by him to the officers and the employees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17082166", "title": "Govt goes all out to make youth voters", "text": "TRICHY: The special summary revision of electoral rolls for Trichy district has elicited a good response from new voters. As many as 79,000 applications have so far been received from the nine assembly constituencies of the district for enrolment as new voters. As the date for revision has been extended till November 20, people can still enroll in the voters' list.Like every year, the special summary revision commenced from October 1, 2012, to include more new voters into the electoral roll. The revision process was scheduled to be completed on October 31, 2012. As per the draft electoral roll released in Trichy on October 1, the total number of voters in the district was 19, 12,074 including 9,52,443 men, 9,59,558 women and 73 others. The special summary revision was mainly aimed at roping in more youngsters to enroll as voters. As far as Trichy district is concerned, only 40,486 youths out of 1,18,232 in the age group of 18-19 enrolled themselves as voters. The district administration has appealed to youngsters to get their names registered in the list by providing necessary identity proofs. Those who complete 18 years of age on January 1, 2013, are eligible to enroll as voters. Government employees from the revenue department, anganwadis and schools have been involved in the process for the past one month. They have been deputed as designated polling officers and booth-level polling officers. In order to increase student participation, the Election Commission of India has ordered issue of forms through respective colleges.Meanwhile, special camps were also held on October 21 and 28 in all 2,265 polling booths in the district.As per the progress report up to November 1, as many as 79,684 applications (Form-6) for addition have been received in the district. The chief minister's Srirangam assembly constituency topped the list with 11,514 applications followed by Manapparai assembly constituency with 11,441 applications. Mannachannallur constituency remained the last in the list with only 5,035 applications.Likewise, as many as 10,828 Form-8 applications for any correction in voters list have been received from across the district. However, the total number of applications including Form-6, Form-7, Form 8 and Form 8 A was 1,00,506. However, all applications will be added to the voters list once the information furnished is found true in field verification.A report indicated that 47,518 youngsters between the age group of 18 to 19 have submitted their applications for new enrolment in the two days special camps itself.As the date for revision has been extended up to November 20, the district administration is pushing officials to rope in more youngsters as voters through colleges.An election officer lamented that many teachers who have been deputed for electoral revision duty did not want to take up the task whereas other government employees carried out their assignment. Particularly, women teachers complained that they had to face a lot of consequences while going for field verification of applications. Hence, they showed poor performance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17082408", "title": "Plethora of gifts await Ranchiites' loved ones", "text": "RANCHI: If you thought the season of gifting was over, think again. With Diwali round the corner, its time you headed to the market to cash in on the festive offers. After all, celebrations are not just about worshipping the goddess and bursting crackers, it's also about gifting your loved ones. Like every year, markets are flooded with a plethora of gifts ranging from dry fruit packets to chocolate hampers.The dry fruits come in interesting and attractive packages. While some are decorated in metal trays and rose trays, others bear the images of Goddess Laxmi and Ganesha. Such is the demand that bookings have begun well in advance. \"This time we have varieties of dry fruits, from almond to cashew nuts, in different trays. The cost of the metal trays range from Rs 375 to 1500. Rose trays, with artificial roses strewn on them, come for Rs 720. For a Laxmi Ganesha tray, you'll have to shell out anything between Rs 125 to 2500,\" said a shop owner, Umesh Tekriwal.For the youngsters who usually prefer chocolates, there are an array of chocolate gift hampers to choose from. They come in combo packages with mixtures and fruit juices packed in them. The prices range from Rs125-2500.Deepak Sharma of Chruwala, said, \"Our dry fruits packs come in the range of Rs 300-3000. Orders for some more packs have been placed. We expect them to arrive soon.\"Diwali would rather be incomplete without a healthy dose of sweets. Keeping this in mind, sweet shop owners have introduced new varieties of sweets. \"Mewa bites and kaju rashbhari come for Rs 680 per kg. That apart, there is bahar pasand and madhur milan which come for Rs 360 per kg and maharaja laddu with dry fruits sprinkled on them for Rs 400 per kg,\" said Tekriwal.Watches have always been the favorite pick when it comes to gifting your loved ones. The corporates, VIPs and high-profile people are the ones who push up the demand in this segment. \"The corporates from both public and private sector have booked Titan watches, ranging from Rs 3000 to 5000 for important guests. By Diwali, we hope that the bookings will go up even further. In the last two weeks, there have been approximately 249 bookings. We are also offering discounts from 5% to 10% for the corporates,\" said Nishant Sharma, store manager of Titan.Titan watches have come up with innovative ideas for the festive season. \"If any customer has difficulty in deciding upon the kind of watch s/he'd like to gift, they can buy a gift card of Rs 1000 onwards. The one who is to be gifted can then come and buy something of their choice,\" added Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "17087898", "title": "Ranji Trophy: Sehwag fighting to save Delhi from outright defeat", "text": "GHAZIABAD: A formidable Delhi outfit boasting of some big names will try to avert an outright defeat against a spirited Uttar Pradesh side as an injured Virender Sehwag led the visitors' fight to keep themselves in contention in their opening Ranji Trophy group league game on Sunday.Having conceded a sizeable first innings lead of 168 runs, Delhi finished the third day's play at 197 for four to take a lead of 29 runs with six second innings wickets in hand. UP scored 403 in their first innings.Captain Sehwag, who had a cut on his ring finger, came in at number six and was batting on 21 at stumps. Delhi will depend on him and seasoned pro Mithun Manhas (63 batting, 10x4) who has again shouldered the responsibility of playing the role of sheet anchor to perfection.Although Sehwag looked in discomfort, he did hit some lovely shots including back-to-back boundaries through off-side of Suresh Raina's bowling. One of the three fours was a majestic backfoot cover drive.Virat Kohli and Gautam Gambhir contributed 43 and 47 respectively but both played poor shots after getting well-set.Earlier, Praveen Kumar smashed a quickfire 51 not out off only 57 balls as Uttar Pradesh finished their first innings on a commendable 403, thereby getting a comprehensive lead of 168 runs. Delhi had scored 235 in their first essay.UP started the day at 292 for six and Delhi pacer Ashish Nehra made amends for his lacklustre bowling on Saturday by removing Amir Khan and Ali Murtaza in quick succession for individual scores of nine and eight respectively.However, Praveen came in and his 'no-holds-barred' approach helped Raina to get out of the shell as they added 43 runs for the ninth wicket.Raina, who began from his overnight 19, hit some crisp boundaries on the off-side region as he went on to score 55 off 112 balls. His innings contained nine boundaries with seven being hit on Sunday.Praveen's batting has deteriorated over the past few years but the moment he starts connecting, he proves to be a more than handy batsman. With minimum footwork, he is able to pack the maximum punch in his shots.He effortlessly lifted left-arm spinner Vikas Mishra for two straight sixes apart from five spanking hits to the fence.Credit goes to Imtiaz Ahmed (10) as he hung around for close to an hour with Praveen, adding 38 runs for the final wicket.Sumit Narwal was the most successful bowler for Delhi, taking four for 71 while Punit Bisht took five catches.Delhi's second innings started on a disastrous note as Unmukt Chand (0) was trapped plumb in-front by Bhuvneshwar Kumar.Gambhir and Virat looked in total ease as they hit a flurry of boundaries. Gambhir even lifted left-arm spinner Murtaza over long on for a six but was back at the pavilion immediately when he edged one to glovesman Amir when the ball turned a shade.Virat looked elegant as he repeatedly drove on the up but was guilty of playing away from his body to a Bhuvneshwar delivery.Bisht edged one off Imtiaz to Amir and in walked Sehwag much to the delight of the capacity crowd.The final day's outcome will now depend on how well the 'Nawab of Najafgarh' performs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17082251", "title": "Children hold the key to recent crimes", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The testimonies of children hold the key to unlock three heinous crimes that rocked Tricity in the recent past.The testimony of Krish, seven \u00e2\u20ac\u201d son of deceased schoolteacher Monica Goyal of Sector 21 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d will be a vital evidence in deciding his father Vikas Goyal's and grandparents' fates. They are all facing murder allegations.In another murder case of Harpreet Kaur, who was found murdered in her Mohali Phase X house three days ago, her six-year-old son Karanveer is the sole witness in the case. Harpreet's parents alleged that her husband Rahul Saini had killed her. Karanveer has corroborated that the crime was committed by his father.Besides, the declaration of two children of Mamta of Sector 41, who was reportedly murdered by her husband and his friend, will also be recorded for establishing the circumstances under which she was \"murdered\" on October 27. SHO of Sector 19 police station inspector Harjeet Kaur said, \"Krish is an important witness in the death case of Monica, whose body was recovered on October 15. His testimony is important because her parents are alleging that she was murdered. Krish's statement will be recorded by a psychiatrist.\" Krish is with his maternal grandparents at present.Karanveer was present in the house when Saini had reportedly strangulated Harpreet with a \"dupatta\" and escaped along with him to Ludhiana on October 28. He had again fled after dropping his son at his parents' house in Ludhiana. Mohali SSP Gurpreet Singh Bhullar said, \"Karanveer's testimony indicates the involvement of Saini in the murder. Harpreet's mother-in-law, Neelam Devi, has been arrested.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17082668", "title": "From ailing teen to record holder", "text": "KANPUR: 'When God closes one door, He opens another, the proverb stands true for Benny Prasad. He suffers from severe asthma, which requires him to take cortisone steroid. He further developed rheumatoid arthritis and ailment in lungs (60% of his Lungs are damaged). Despite that, Benny plays guitar and flute just like any other healthy musician. His strong belief in God has kept him strong till now despite the fact that Benny was diagnosed with ailments when he was 16. The doctors predicted that he would die soon. But Benny proved them wrong. Now, he is doing well as a musician and that too globally.Benny's father K Prasad Rao was a highly regarded scientist at the National Aerosapce Laboratories in Bangalore.Today, Benny holds the world record of being the fastest person to travel to every country. He set this record in six years, six months and 22 days. The journey for holding concerts from one country to another began on May 1, 2004 and it ended on November 22, 2010. Benny is also the first musician to travel to 245 countries. He holds a world record under for this also. He has also earned the honour of being the most travelled Indian musician (Limca Book of Records). He has won acclaim by designing two guitars, the world's first bongo guitar and a 54-string guitar called bentar.Benny travels 40 to 50 countries every year and spreads hope and faith in God.A native of Bangalore, he come to IIT-Kanpur to take part in TEDx event organised by the institute to deliver a talk. TEDx, which stands for technology, entertainment and design, is an annual event organised at IIT-K.\"My message to students was never to give up in life despite challenges. I told them to keep immense faith in God. If God closes one door, he will for sure open another but will not let people stay in dark. Never be depressed when you fail,\" he said.\"I was diagnosed suffering from arthritis and lung ailment when I was a teenager. I even tried to attempt suicide at the age of 16, thinking that it was the only way out but my life transformed when I was 19. I had found new strength in God and since then there was no looking back. I graduated from uselessness to worthiness,\" he said while talking about his life journey.He had performed before presidents and parliaments, in 2004 Olympic Games and 2006 Fifa World Cup.Benny considers his feats as a miracle and a gift of God.The students of IIT-K appreciated Benny for inspirational talk.Meanwhile, the craze for TEDx is growing among the students with each passing year. This year too, renowned personalities like singer Vasundhara Das, Benny and others became a part of the event and delivered talks, telling students about their life journey, challenges and experiences.The first speaker for the day was Mohak Mathur, known for making short films. He was followed by Akash Gautam, who trains the Miss India contestants. In the afternoon", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17082694", "title": "Pictorial tribute to Tagore", "text": "KANPUR: Hundreds of people turned up at Kanpur Central railway station on the last of the exhibition on Saturday to witness the exhibition on Ravindranath Tagore in Sanskriti Express and know more about the life of the great poet. The exhibition had been organized by railway authorities to mark the 150th birth anniversary of Gurudev.Students were taking keen interest in the exhibition and jotting down facts about Tagore's life. Hundreds of schoolchildren and their parents, teachers and others visited the exhibition.Sanskriti Express comprised five coaches. The Indian Railways had aptly designed and decorated the coaches.Ravindranath Tagore was born to Debendranath Thakur and Sarada Devi, who had 14 children. He was born on May 7, 1861 at Jorrashanko Thakur Baarri.In 1883, Tagore had married Mrinalini Devi, daughter of Benimadhab Choudhury of Jessore.The guide of Sanskriti Express said that Tagore was the first Asian to receive Nobel Prize in 1913.In the same year, Kolkata University honoured him with the title of D'Litt.Sanskriti Express has so far touched several cities in the country. The special train will be covering 120 stations in total. The train will terminate at Bolepur railway station in West Bengal next year.tnnThe Sanskriti Express left for its next destination Allahabad on Saturday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17085859", "title": "Now, spot NASA's ISS with naked eye as it passes your house", "text": "WASHINGTON: You can now spot the International Space Station (ISS) commanded by Indian-American astronaut Sunita Williams without a telescope as it passes your house, thanks to NASA's new SMS service.\"Spot the Station\" will send you a text message as the ISS passes over your house.The International Space Station is the third brightest object in the sky after the Sun and the Moon, however, most people still cannot tell where the orbiting laboratory is.NASA will send an email or text message to those who sign up for the service a few hours before they will be able to see the space station, the US space agency said in a statement.Once you know where to look, people should be able to see it easily - even without a telescope.The service was launched to celebrate the 12th anniversary of crews living and working aboard the station presently commanded by Williams.\"It's really remarkable to see the space station fly overhead and to realise humans built an orbital complex that can be spotted from Earth by almost anyone looking up at just the right moment,\" said William Gerstenmaier, NASA's associate administrator for human exploration and operations.\"We're accomplishing science on the space station that is helping to improve life on Earth and paving the way for future exploration of deep space,\" he said.The station is usually at peak visibility at dawn and dusk. When skies are clear, it typically appears as fast-moving point of light.Spot the Station will calculate the station's proximity to more than 4,600 positions on Earth, updating its information several time per week.The service will only notify users if the station is easily visible above trees, buildings, and other objects.In order to sign up for the service one can visit NASA's website http://spotthestation.nasa.gov.The crew on-board the ISS apart from Williams are Russian cosmonauts Yuri Malenchenko, Evgeny Tarelkin and Oleg Novitskiy, Japanese astronaut Akihiko Hoshide and NASA astronaut Kevin Ford, all flight engineers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17083346", "title": "Lakes to come alive along Metro path", "text": "BANGALORE: Happy news for the city of dying lakes. The Bangalore Metro Rail Corporation (BMRC) will take up rejuvenation of two lakes along its path: Kengeri lake and Veerasandra lake near Hosur.Addressing FKCCI members here on Saturday, BMRC managing director N Sivasailam said the lakes will be improved as part of its corporate social responsibility . The state government is also interested in the project, he said.Capitalizing on the fact that three days of heavy rain in Bangalore can fill up a water body like Ulsoor lake, BMRC decided to take up the two lakes during the construction of Metro Phase 2.BMRC has a rainwater harvesting system installed in its viaducts that can collect a huge quantity of rainwater. The Metro corridor that passes close to these lakes will feed them with rainwater and along the rest of the corridor, rainwater will be collected in percolation pits to recharge groundwater.Sivasailam had a request for the public: \"Please don't convert the Metro into a public toilet.\" He said that now on, all Metro stations will have public toilets outside their premises. \"Though it's the responsibility of the civic agency, we'll take it up. It will be commercial and we will earn from it,\" said Sivasailam.Asked why roads along Metro corridors were in a pathetic state, Sivasailam said: \"It's not the BMRC's job to asphalt the roads.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17085920", "title": "No mercy for students of unrecognised institutions: Supreme Court", "text": "NEW DELHI: Students taking admission in educational institutions without verifying whether they are recognised or not are to be blamed themselves, the Supreme Court has said, refusing to sympathise with them.A bench of justices K S Radhakrishnan and Dipak Misra refused to grant recognition to a Madhya Pradesh-based institute and turned down its plea to sympathise with students as they would suffer if recognition is not granted.\"The students who take admission are not young in age. They are graduates. They are expected to enquire whether the institution has recognition and affiliation. If we allow ourselves to say so, the institution had given admission in a nonchalant manner. Possibly, its functionaries harboured the idea that they had incomparable fertile mind. The students who had taken admission possibly immersed with the idea that ignorance is a bliss,\" the bench said.The institution that is engaged in imparting a course has to obey the command of law in letter and spirit and there should not be any deviation, it said.\"But, unfortunately, some of the institutions flagrantly violate the norms with audacity and seek indulgence of the court either in the name of mercy or sympathy for the students or financial constraint of the institution or they have been inappropriately treated by the statutory regulatory bodies,\" the bench said.It set aside the Madhya Pradesh High Court which had directed that the students of Diploma in Elementary Education who have been admitted for the academic session 2010-11 should be allowed to undertake the examinations.\"It is also necessary to state that the institution had the anxious enthusiasm to commercialise education and earn money forgetting the factum that such an attitude leads to a disaster. The students exhibited tremendous anxiety to get a degree without bothering for a moment whether their effort, if any, had the sanctity of law. Such attitudes only bring nemesis,\" the judgement, written by Justice Misra, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17082729", "title": "Anna to attend conclave on foreigners' issue on Nov 7", "text": "GUWAHATI: Anti-graft crusader Anna Hazare will address a national conclave on the foreigners' issue on November 7, KMSS general secretary Akhil Gogoi said on Saturday. He added that former army chief Gen (retd) V K Singh has also expressed his desire to take part in the conclave.\"We are waiting for Gen (retd) Singh's confirmation. He has expressed his interest about the forthcoming conclave on the foreigners' issue. We are hopeful that the former army chief will take part in the event,\" said Gogoi. Anti-dam activist from Himachal Pradesh , Guman Singh, P V Raja Gopal and a host of social activists will also take part in the conclave.Organised by KMSS, the conclave will attempt to thrash out a roadmap for solving the vexed problem of infiltration from Bangladesh by bringing different organisations, political parties, leaders, intellectuals and activities under a single platform. KMSS said instead of communalizing the issue of infiltration, it is the high time to solve the problem scientifically and objectively.Gogoi, a former member of Team Anna, said an atmosphere of distrust is prevailing among the minority community on the issue. \"The distrust primarily stemmed from Central government not doing anything in the implementation of Assam Accord. Instead Centre, has left the task of implementation of the accord to the state government,\" said Gogoi.The KMSS general secretary, however, said the Assam Accord was fraught with weaknesses in dealing with the problem of infiltration and ensuring the rights of indigenous people. \"Except the cut-off date of March 25, 1971 for detection of foreigners, other clauses of Assam Accord has no legal basis. Economic, political, social, cultural and linguistic safeguards are mentioned in the accord but these have no legal or constitutional backing,\" said Gogoi.\"The Asom Gana Parishad cannot escape from the blame that Assam Accord was a weak agreement because many of its leaders, who led the Assam movement, were signatories to the accord,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17082368", "title": "Ludhiana ahead of metros in \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcfat race\u00e2\u20ac\u2122, 41% obese", "text": "LUDHIANA: Ludhianvis' love for oily and spicy food is showing on their waistlines. In a survey conducted for a health care company, A C Nielsen found that 41% of the people surveyed in Ludhiana are above their ideal weight. This is higher than metros like Mumbai, Chennai and Delhi.The new 11-city survey across the country, including Ludhiana, suggests that contrary to popular perception, a major chunk of overweight people are from Tier-II cities like Ludhiana and Kochi, not the metros. While Kochi tops the list with 46% people found overweight, Ludhiana stands second with 41% of residents exceeding their ideal weight. Among the metros, Bangalore tops the list with 43% of people surveyed found obese.Consultant endocrinologist and diabetologist at Dayanand Medical College and Hospital Dr Mani Kant Singla said, \"A higher percentage of fatty and spicy food and less physical activity is the main reason for increased weight.\" He warned that obesity is the ticket to disease like type two diabetes, high cholesterol , hypertension, gall stones, arthritis , cardiac problems and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. Experts also blamed mushrooming of food joints for the state of affairs.According to Dr Ramanbir Singh, senior endocrinologist at S P S Apollo Hospital, \"New fast food outlets as well as the old ones contribute to obesity. The issue of greater concern is increasing obesity among children.\" He warned people against continuing with faulty lifestyles and asked them to increase their physical activity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17083384", "title": "DCB arrests duo involved in cash theft", "text": "VADODARA: The Detection of Crime Branch (DCB) arrested two persons, Sudhir Panvekar and Ravindra Indrekar, both residents of Kubernagar in Ahmedabad, who were allegedly involved in a robbery of cash in the city.The accused had allegedly beaten up the accountant of a school and robbed cash amounting to Rs 1.62 lakh from him last month.The robbery had taken place near Aangan Bungalows in Gorwa area of the city on October 8. The robbers, who were riding a motorcycle, had beaten up Dinesh Pandya, the accountant of C K Prajapati School and robbed him of the cash.The victim was on his way to the school on a bicycle from Bank of India's Subhanpura branch after withdrawing the cash meant for disbursement of salaries. tnnDuring the investigations, the DCB obtained CCTV footage from a bank located near the robbery spot. The camera had recorded the footage of the two robbers and DCB suspected from their appearance that they were from Chhara gang.The DCB's suspicion came true and it arrested Sudhir Panvekar and Ravindra Indrekar, both residents of Kubernagar in Ahmedabad. The motorcycle used for the robbery and the cash was also recovered from the accused. They will be presented in a court on Sunday and a request would be made for their remand, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17082131", "title": "Gujarat Parivartan Party invites qualified people to join", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17082347", "title": "Ammonia gas leak at Talawade", "text": "PUNE: An ammonia gas leak in an ice factory at Talawade in Pimpri Chinchwad city on Saturday caused breathing trouble to passersby and employees in the nearyby industrial units. Three fire engines of Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) rushed to the factory, Shri Samarth around noon.Kiran Gawde, fire officer, PCMC, said, \"The 50-kg rubber pipe of an ammonia gas cylinder was still leaking when the firemen reached the spot. The firemen, wearing breathing apparatus suits, entered the factory and plugged the leakage in 15 minutes. A small quantity of ammonia that got released due to the leak caused minor breathing problems.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17081131", "title": "Public authorities still do not comply with RTI rules: CIC", "text": "NEW DELHI: Chief Information Commissioner Satyananda Mishra on Saturday lamented that public authorities have failed to make crucial pro-active disclosures despite seven years of the implementation of the RTI Act.Referring to section four of the RTI Act which mandates public authorities to make proactive disclosures and organize records within 120 days of enactment of transparency law in 2005, Mishra said these statutory provisions haven't been complied with even after seven years since the transparency law came into effect.Mishra was speaking at the 11th All India Lokayukta Conference organized by Delhi Lokayukta Justice Manmohan Sarin here.Section four of the RTI Act mandates all public authorities to maintain all its records duly catalogued and indexed, publish all relevant facts while formulating important policies, provide reasons for its administrative or quasi-judicial decisions and publish within 120 days 17 point information about the authority. Terming the RTI Act as a defence mechanism against corruption, Mishra said, \"Well kept records and indexing\" would further help in disseminating information and curbing corruption at all levels.Eminent RTI activist and member of the National Advisory Council Aruna Roy stressed on the need to look forward and bring other supportive legislations, including the Whistleblowers' Bill, Grievance Redressal Bill among others, to curb corruption.The Central Vigilance Commission supported setting up of an association of Indian anti-corruption agencies to check graft. \"We will have to join hands together to fight the multi- faceted monster called corruption. My proposal would be to set up an Indian Association of anti-corruption agencies and make it a workable solution,\" Vigilance Commissioner R Srikumar said during the conference.\"Such an association will help in sharing data base. This will be a networking association. It will be useful in sharing of information responsibly,\" the VC said. Speaking on the role of vigilance and investigating agencies, he said there are lots of deficiencies in their functioning. \"We are walking a lonely path. Hardly do we join hands together. Our record in nailing corrupt is very dismal and it is responsible for calling public apathy,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "the most awaited wild card entry contestant mink brar finally made her appearance in the bigg boss house this morning at 3", "code": "17087509", "title": "Will Mink Brar's birthday be lucky for her?", "text": "The most awaited wild card entry contestant Mink Brar finally made her appearance in the Bigg Boss house this morning at 3:00 am.Tonight on Bigg Boss , as soon as Mink enters the house, she steps into the boys' room without making any noise and manages to sleep there without anyone coming to know about it. Unaware of her presence, the housemates get up in the morning to face another day. Rajeev, who is known to be a poky nose, is the first one to realize that a new person is sleeping in their room. Eventually all the housemates gather around Mink's bed and are contemplating who could it be under the quilt. That's when Mink jumps out of the bed and meets everyone with her bracing smile. Delnaz is the first one to recognize her followed by all the other housemates who welcome her.As luck will have it, Mink has entered the house on her birthday and it would be interesting to see what this interesting day in her life has in store for her. Will Mink befriend the boys and be a part of them and will she bring in the excitement the house is lacking? Will her birthday prove to be lucky or will viewers see her exit from the house soon? Only time will tell!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17082150", "title": "Two more cases of dengue in Surat govt hospital campus", "text": "SURAT: Two more cases of dengue have been reported from the campus of New Civil Hospital (NCH). The patients are employees of the hospital and reside within the premises. The two new patients are an addition to the already 17 reported dengue and malaria patients among the NCH staffers.The dengue patients reported on Saturday are a clerk at the NCH and husband of a nurse employed there. They are being treated at the hospital. The residents of NCH campus believe that the poor sanitation in the hospital campus is responsible for the long list of patients being reported from there. In last couple of months, a large number of NCH staffers have been reported to be suffering from dengue and malaria.In the beginning of September Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) had shot a notice to NCH authorities raising the issue of proper sanitation at the NCH campus. The SMC health officials had found 26 mosquito breeding locations in the campus. The authorities at the hospital were asked to clean the premises at the earliest to control the spread of diseases.Maintaining cleanliness in the NCH campus is the responsibility of Project Implementation Unit (PIU), a section of Road and Building (R&B;) department. Following the notice, a cleanliness drive was undertaken but the situation is back to square one within two months. The staffers at NCH have threatened to carry out a protest rally if the cleaning of the campus is not re-started. Sources said that the NCH authorities held a meeting with the officials of PIU and have demanded that immediate action be initiated on the sanitation front.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "barrackpore", "code": "17082429", "title": "Jewellery, cash worth Rs 4.5 lakh looted", "text": "BARRACKPORE: A gang of armed robbers looted a businessman's house at Kakinara in North 24-Parganas and decamped with gold ornaments and cash worth Rs 4.5 lakh. Though raids have been started, police are yet to arrest anyone in this connection.Police said that seven armed men entered Ranjit Shaw's house around 2.30pm on Saturday after breaking open the terrace door. They then woke the family members and took them at gunpoint. When Shaw - a dealer in chewing tobacco - tried to resist, they thrashed him and snatched away the keys to the almirah.\"There were a lot of valuables in the house as my daughter is scheduled to get married next week.My family members who rushed to my aid were also badly beaten up. They even abused the women. The goons then threw all of us into a room, bolted it from outside and carried on with the loot,\" said Shaw, adding that the robbers were wearing masks.Locals feel the dacoits were tipped off that there were valuables in the house as Shaw's daughter was scheduled to be married next week. Apart from 10 bhoris of gold, Rs 50,000 in cash was stolen.Later in the day, locals staged an agitation when a police team led by Jyotirmoy Roy, visited the spot. The agitators also gheraoed Bhatpara outpost and women threw bangles at the cops. A large contingent of police was rushed to the spot to control the situation. \"Raids are on to nab the gang members. We have alerted all police stations in the vicinity and are investigating if local goons were involved in the dacoity,\" said Kalyan Mukherjee, deputy commissioner of police, DD, Barrackpore.A gang of robbers raided a businessman's house at Kakinara near Jagaddal in north 24 Parganas early on Saturday and decamped with gold ornaments and cash worth Rs 4.5 lakh. Police are looking for the culprits. No one has been arrested in this connection yet.Police said, a gang of seven armed men, wearing masks stormed into the house of Ranjit Shaw who runs chewing tobacco supplying business, at Goli no 6 in Kakinara in the wee hours of Saturday. The gang members climbed up a drainpipe on to the roof of the Shaw's two storied house and entered the room after they broke open the roof door.The robbers threatened the family members at the gun point if they dared to protest and asked Shaw for the keys to the almirah. While he refused, the robbers beat him up and snatched the keys. The other family members were also beaten up when they came to Shaw's rescue.Then the dacoits took all the family members to a room and locked it from outside before they started looting. They looted all the gold jewelleries which were recently bought following the upcoming marriage ceremony of Shaw's daughter Pinki and were kept in the almirah. The gang also looted 50,000 cash and other valuables before they fled the house. \"It was around 2.30 am when the dacoits woke us up at the gun point. They locked all of our family members inside a room and looted ornaments of nearly 10 bhori gold which was bought only a few days ago for my daughter's marriage ceremony scheduled to be held on next week. The robbers beat us up and also abused the women in slag languages,\" said Ranjit Shaw, the businessman.A tension sparked off in the area on Saturday morning after the news of the robbery spread in the locality. When a police team led by Jyotirmoy Roy, assistant commissioner of police, Barrackpore came to the spot for investigation, the local residents launched an agitation in front of the police men. The agitators also gheraoed the Bhatpara out post alleging inaction of the police to nab the culprits. The Bhatpara Trinamool MLA Arjun Singh also came to the spot and blamed the lax of policing for the frequent robberies in the area. \"Despite the cops were well-informed by the family members soon after the robbery took place, initially police did not come to the spot and later they also delayed to come here. Police hardly take proper action against the culprits and that has given a free hand for the robbers to strike at ease,\" Singh said.The local women also expressed their ire against the police by throwing bangles at the police men including the senior police officials during the agitation at Bhatpara outpost. Even the cops were also forced to wear bangles by the women. Later a large contingent of police rushed to the spot and brought the situation under control after the senior police officials assured the agitators to nab the robbers as well as recover the booty soon.\"The raids are being conducted to nab the gang members. Surrounding police stations have also been alerted in this connection. We are also investigating whether the local goons were involved in the gang,\" said Kalyan Mukherjee, deputy commissioner of police, detective department, Barrackpore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "jerusalem", "code": "17081883", "title": "Shimon Peres calls Palestinian authority president 'true' partner for peace, Netanyahu differs", "text": "JERUSALEM: Israel's Nobel laureate Shimon Peres was at loggerheads with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu as the two leaders stood differed in their views over an interview given by Palestinian authority president Mahmoud Abbas in which he shunned violence against Israel.Peres praised his PA counterpart after his remarks during the interview to an Israeli TV channel assuring no outbreak of a third intifada during his tenure, Netanyahu, largely expected to return to power in January 22 snap polls, rejected it as hollow words that \"do not match his actions\".Abbas, in an interview to Israel's Channel 2, said that as long as he remains in power, he will not allow a third intifada to break out.He said that although he is a refugee from Safed (north Israel), he does not intend to return to the city as a resident. If anything, he would visit the place as a tourist.\"Palestine for me is the 1967 borders with East Jerusalem as the capital, this is Palestine, I am a refugee, I live in Ramallah , the West Bank and Gaza is Palestine, everything else is Israel,\" he said in the interview on Thursday.Channel 2's political correspondent Udi Segal, who interviewed the Palestinian leader, separately tweeted quoting Abbas as saying: \"We will not go back to terrorism and violence. We will only operate through diplomacy and through peaceful means.\"Israel's president responded to Abbas' statements saying: \"His brave words prove that Abu Mazen (nom de guerre for Abbas) is a real partner for peace.\" \"(Abbas) rejects terrorism and has pledged that under his leadership, there will not be a third intifada,\" the elder statesman said.\"He understands that the solution to the refugee problem will not be on Israeli territory. These are statements of great importance,\" he added.\"Abbas' statements should be taken seriously. They are in line with the positions of most Israelis, who support the two-state solution. Israel is a peace-loving nation and as such we need to bravely extend our hand out in peace to a leader like Abbas, with whom Israel has a real hope for peace,\" he stressed.Prime Minister Netanyahu, however, differed in his views. \"There is no connection between the Palestinian Authority chairman's statements and his actual actions,\" a statement from his office said adding that his invitation to meet with Abbas without preconditions is still open.\"Abbas has been refusing to renew the negotiations with Israel for over four years, despite a series of steps taken by Prime Minister Netanyahu, such as the unprecedented freeze on settlement construction,\" the statement emphasised.\"In addition, Abbas has refused to discuss security arrangements needed to protect Israeli citizens,\" it said.There have been no direct peace talks between the two sides since 2010 when the Palestinians refused to resume negotiations unless Israel froze settlement activities in the West Bank and East Jerusalem, which they said was killing off all chances of them ever creating a coherent state.Abbas has defied Israel and the US by planning to ask the UN General Assembly to upgrade the Palestinians to a non-member state.The contradictory statements by the two Israeli leaders is likely to add further fuel to the rumour mill speculating Peres' return to active politics as the leader of the peace camp.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "17082585", "title": "BJP accuses engg firm of favouritism", "text": "SINDRI: BJP has levelled serious allegation of favouritism against Projects and Development India Limited (PDIL) Sindri office management regarding appointment of consultants.Bhrigunath Bhagat, the former state secretary of BJP Nagar Nikai Prakosth, in a memorandum sent to Union minister of fertilizer and PDIL CMD, has alleged that former employees with matriculation and intermediate degrees were being appointed as consultants in PDIL Sindri office resulting in gross violation of the decision taken at the company's board of directors meeting last year. According to the memorandum, the board of directors of the PDIL had decided last year to appoint only engineers and people with diploma in engineering as consultants for its various project offices. However,three former employees, who are matriculates, have been appointed as consultants for running the Sindri based catalyst plant. tnnwhich requires high technical expertise for maintaining the quality of the catalyst produced.Attributing the deteriorating quality of catalyst to lack of qualified technical staff, the BJP leader alleged that relatives of the officers were being appointed as consultants.It is because of this malaise that the company has been asked to pay a compensation of Rs 5 crore by a fertilizer giant which has been alleged supplied sub-standard catalyst. But instead of learning lessons, the PDIL Sindri management has once again recommended the appointment of another person who is just an intermediate as consultant for the NDT department.When contacted, GM-in-charge of PDIL Sindri office, A K Mishra, said: \"Everyone was free to say whatever they wished to. All appointments have been made as per company rules.\" He, however, admitted that five people who were just matriculates were working as consultants in PDIL Sindri office. \"It is not their basic qualification but their experience in specific areas that matters to us,\" Mishra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17081537", "title": "Nashik Municipal Corporation to seek Rs 200crore loan to ebb fiscal woes", "text": "NASHIK: Armed with the objective to finance various civic works and projects in the city, the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) has decided to take a loan of Rs 200 crore. A proposal for this will be submitted to the state government for its approval within the next few days.The move comes following decisions taken by the standing committee and general body recently, to approve the proposal for a total loan package of Rs 450 crore.The administration is now seeking an initial approvel from the state for Rs 200 crore as part of this proposal. a proposal of taking loans worth Rs 450 crore to complete civic works was passed by both Standing Committee and General Body Meetings of Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) recently.\"The proposal to avail of the Rs 200-crore loan has been chalked out and will be sent to the state government for its approval in the next two-three days. A decision on whether to avail of the loan from nationalized banks or to raise it through bonds will be decided only after we get the state's approval,\" a senior NMC official told TOI.The official added that the financial condition of the NMC was not very satisfactory. The last financial year was the last year of the five-year term of the House. Hence, developmental works amounting to Rs 416 crore were approved for the 2011-12 financial year. \"This deficit has turned out to be a huge burden on the civic administration. Additionally, there are new civic works and the management of income and expenditure, which are challenges before us.We are focusing to make tax recovery more effective. Our priority is to recover 100% taxes to boost revenue. The revenue collected from house and water taxes is expected to increase during the current financial year,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17081427", "title": "Court issues production warrant against Jundal", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Delhi court issued production warrant against alleged LeT terrorist and 26/11 Mumbai attack key handler Abu Jundal on Saturday and ordered he be produced on November 26. District Judge (DJ) I S Mehta issued a production warrant against Jundal for his appearance in the court after jail authorities told him he is in the custody of Gujarat ATS.Gujarat ATS had earlier taken Jundal's custody for questioning him in the 2006 Karanawati Express train blast at Ahmedabad station. Jundal is alleged to be one of the main conspirators of the blast. Jundal was in judicial custody till Saturday in connection with an FIR registered by the NIA this year following unearthing of a LeT's conspiracy for terror strikes across the country.The court on October 20 had remanded Jundal to judicial custody till today after the NIA had said he was not required for further custodial interrogation in connection with the case. He had earlier been handed over to the ATS Mumbai after the Delhi Police said he is no longer required to be interrogated by it in the Jama Masjid attack case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17081485", "title": "48 panchayats appeal to SC to restart mining in Goa", "text": "MARGAO: Forty eight panchayats and four municipalities have written a letter of appeal to the chief justice of India, Supreme Court (SC), in connection with the writ petition filed by Goa Foundation requesting that the government authorities be allowed to quickly restart legal mining in the state.The village panchayats of Kirlapal-Dabal, Collem, Mollem, Dharbandora, Sancorda, all in Dharbandora taluka; Netravali, Kalay, Rivona, Bhati, Wade-Curdi, Sanvordem, Uguem, Cavrem-Pirla, all in Sanguem taluka; Morpila, Ambaulim, Avedem-Cotombi, Fatorpa-Quitol, Balli-Adnem, Xeldem, Assolda, Naqueri-Betul, Molcornem all in Quepem taluka; Pale, Cudnem, Velguem, Navelim, Amona, Surla, Karapur-Sarvan, Advalpal, Sirigao, all in Bicholim taluka; Honda , Pissurlem, Bhirondem, Poriem, Querim, all in Sattari taluka; Usgao-Ganjem, Bethora, Nirankal, Panchvadi, Shiroda, Borim, all in Ponda taluka; Tivim, Sirsaim and Assonora in Bardez taluka; along with the municipalities of Sanguem, Curchorem, Quepem and Sanquelim have written the letter.They also pointed out that a large number of constituents have taken loans from financial institutions for providing infrastructure like trucks, barges for transportation. 'The suspension of legal mining has put these people on the verge of penury as without mining they would be unable to meet their household demands let alone repay the loans,' stated the letter. They have claimed that the livelihood over 5,00,000 people in Goa had been seriously impacted and despite their best efforts to dissuade people from taking any harsh decisions, they have been receiving continuous threats of people wanting to commit mass suicide.'Our panchayats and municipalities are in the eastern parts of the state of Goa and have been through four generations of mineral development which has been the backbone of the Goan economy. We may clarify that the panchayats and municipalities in no way support illegal mining,' stated the letter that was sent earlier this week.Through the letter, they explained that their 'constituents are either employed directly or indirectly' in the mineral sector. 'As people dependent on the industry, the complete suspension of mining operations, though has caused us hardships, however, erring on the side of caution, we have extended all our help to ensure that the evaluation by the state government is completed in a time-bound manner, so that legal mining could resume at the earliest,' stated the letter, while referring to the suspension of mining in the state imposed by the state government.They expressed their surprise when they found out that the writ petition was filed before the Supreme Court praying for a complete ban on all mining activities in Goa. 'We are making the representation to inform this honourable court that the writ petitioner, before the honourable court, does not represent the interest of the public who are in our areas and have made specific representation to us in this regard,' stated the letter.Copies of the same have been submitted to the offices of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , chief minister Manohar Parrikar , and panchayati raj and rural development minister Laxmikant Parsekar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "17082520", "title": "Elephants destroy crops in Hazaribag", "text": "HAZARIBAG: A herd of wild elephants which went on the rampage damaging more than 45 houses in Barkatha, Tati Jharia and Ichak villages has entered Muritala village near Hazaribag National Park and destroyed standing paddy and vegetable crops in 20 acres on Friday night.R N Mishra, DFO, Hazaribag wildlife division, said on Saturday although the elephants, numbering 27, did not injure any human being but caused colossal damage to the standing crops. He said he had paid Rs 1,000 each as compensation to those whose houses were damaged. \"Soon, the compensation for the loss of crops will be paid to them as a committee comprising BDO, range officer and circle officer of Ichak are evaluating the loss.\"Asked about the steps taken by the forest department to drive out the elephants from there, Mishra said, \"We are still waiting for trained experts who can tame the wild elephants.\" However he said two herds of elephants which later merged into one came down from Dumka to Hazaribag through an old corridor in search of food which was not available in Hazaribag saal forests. The elephants daily intake is of three quintals of food each consisting of pepul, banyan and bamboo leaves and branches which is hardly available in Hazaribag forests now. Several hundreds of these tress were felled in the name of four-laning of NH-33 which is currently underway. However, the elephants located the track and started retreating for Dumka from where they came to this forest.The elephants also broke open the store room of a primary school at Muriyatola village in Ichak and ate two quintals of rice and pulses stored there for midday meal and also destroyed all papers and records kept there, said the headmaster of the school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17081502", "title": "Ex Uguem panch booked for breach of trust", "text": "MARGAO: Former panch member of Uguem panchayat, Anil Jangle, has been booked for criminal breach of trust.The complaint was lodged by a housewife, Rupa Gaonkar, 47, of Curpem, Sanguem, on November 1 and 20 others. Gaonkar said that she was first approached by a nurse at Curpem primary health centre in 2007 who had told her that she could form a group of women and with the help of 'Jan Jagruthi Saustha' (JJS) she could avail of an insurance scheme.Gaonkar added that she formed a group of about 40 members, and Jangle used to collect installments from them.She said that Jangle also maintained a log book of the records.\"Recently some members of the group approached me and informed me that their installments collected by Jangle was not deposited and for which they their group insurance policy had been discontinued,\" said Gaonkar.Jangle denied all the accusations and has alleged that the same accusations were being made against him by vested interests and due to political rivalry.\"I have not misappropriated any of the funds, I have deposited all the money that was given,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17081046", "title": "Post CNG shift, pollution fight on the backburner", "text": "NEW DELHI: It was one bold, strong action of introducing CNG for public transport in 2001 that brought about a dramatic change in Delhi's air quality. Experts say a similar step is needed again if any improvement is to be brought about in the city's increasing pollution levels. The government's action plan submitted to the court in 2001 said that by 2020, eighty per cent of all travel trips will be by public transport. The city was to have had 11,000 buses by now. Battery operated vehicles should have made a mark in the capital. However, other than the introduction of the Metro as a popular means of public transport, all other proposals continue to hang in balance.Of the 11,000 buses that should have been operating by now, only around 6,300 have made it to the roads, and the figure is being further scaled down. \"Delhi's biggest contributor to air pollution is its vehicles which number more than 65 lakh. The biggest plan that has been on the government's drawing board for some years now is to promote public transport. However, this is taking ages. Not only does the government not have a sufficient number of buses, it also does not have sufficient infrastructure like parking place, depots etc to deal with the rise in buses,\" said Anumita Roychowdhury, associate director of the Centre for Science and Environment.In 2000, 60% of commuters were travelling by bus, a figure that has now fallen to about 40%. A RITES survey suggested that bus ridership should form the bulk of public transport use and of the 80% users of public transport by 2020 as suggested by the government, 70% should be using buses. At present, personal vehicles form 90% of the vehicle fleet in Delhi and emit more than 80% of the pollution load from the vehicle segment.The conversion of public transport to CNG has been made redundant thanks to an equal, if not a vastly more, addition of private diesel vehicles in Delhi. About 60-70% of all new car sales in Delhi belong to the diesel segment. The price difference between diesel and CNG has reduced over the years, practically killing the advantage that latter started off with. Long lines at CNG filling stations have been another disincentive for buying CNG vehicles. Poor quality Chinese kits and rising prices of CNG kits due to depreciation of the rupee have also resulted in a drastic fall in retrofitting of CNG in private vehicles. Dealers have reported a fall of 60-80% in sales since the beginning of 2012.\"We are working closely with the transport department to see that public transport and non-motorised transport become a reality in the city. Already, the Metro is doing really well and more bus rapid transport corridors have been planned to facilitate easier movement of buses. We have schemes for promoting battery operated vehicles and finance them partially. Beyond this, in a democratic state, we cannot stop people from buying or travelling in personal vehicles,\" said an environment department official.The department chalked out an elaborate action plan on curbing air pollution in May. It is still pending with other departments who have to send their comments on the proposals before it can be presented to the Cabinet. \"There is no denying that the government is working on the issue but they seem to lack a sense of urgency. The parking policy that will work as a deterrent to use of private vehicles by making parking charges prohibitive has also been dragging. One step at a time will no longer work. All plans need to be enforced together and very soon if the government want to avoid a pre-2000 situation,\" said an official of Central Road and Research Institute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17081330", "title": "Duo pocketed 4.2cr loan for cars they didn\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t buy", "text": "NEW DELHI: A liquor baron's son, who allegedly made a habit of cheating high net worth individuals to service his multi-crore debts, has been arrested for defrauding the Vasant Vihar branch of HDFC Bank of Rs 4.2 crore. But more than the scale of the fraud, what has shocked investigators is its complexity. A car dealership agent, a transport authority official in another city, and even a bank official have been found involved.Police say Varun Datta (27), who was deep in debt due to his extravagant ways, hatched a plan to cheat the bank, and roped in notorious car \"importer\" Sumit Walia \u00e2\u20ac\u201d wanted in several cases of cheating \u00e2\u20ac\u201d to carry it out. The idea was to misuse the bank's loan procedure for imported cars wherein the money is lent directly to the buyer.The two allegedly prepared for the multi-crore fraud methodically. They roped in Pawan Sharma, direct sales agent with a luxury car dealership, to prepare applications for two cars loans of Rs 1.75 crore and Rs 2.45 crore. The applications were presented at the Vasant Vihar branch, and since Datta did not have a direct income to show he used his father's financial credentials to appear creditworthy. Finally, to ensure loan approval, the duo allegedly bought over the bank's regional sales manager Anuj Bhatia.Of course, no car was bought. The idea was only to pocket the money, but the bank needed proof of purchase so fake purchase documents, customs clearance and insurance papers were arranged. And to complete formalities, two legitimate registration certificates with \"VIP\" numbers were also obtained from the Chandigarh RTO with the connivance of a transport inspector.The bank probably would not have discovered the fraud had the monthly installments not stopped. SBS Tyagi, DCP (crime), said a case was registered on a specific complaint from the bank's risk intelligence and control unit to the crime branch, and Datta and his accomplices were arrested after a year-long probe.Additional DCP Bhism Singh said Sharma and Bhatia probably aided in the fraud for a fat cut. \"Pawan Sharma would have received only a part of the total commission in respect of the loans had he processed these through the agency where he worked. He used fake stamps and the code of another direct sales agent to prepare the loan documents with Bhatia's connivance. They managed to take the full commission. The role played by Datta's father and the transport inspector in Chandigarh is being ascertained,'' said Singh.Police say Datta, a keen golfer who moves around with a posse of guards, was questioned by the Directorate of Revenue Intelligence for his alleged link with a gang involved in importing luxury cars. He is reportedly named in at least six other cheating cases. Police have pointed out flaws in the bank's loan process. \"Datta got the loans without proper verification of signatures of the applicant, the co-applicant and the guarantor by the bank. There seem to be glaring flaws in ascertaining his paying capacity as he already had a number of auto loans pending to his credit,'' said Tyagi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17080756", "title": "Non-Anglo universities go English to lure pupils", "text": "MUMBAI: Since time immemorial, countries have valiantly defended their mother tongue, thwarting all attempts by the English language to invade their senses. But as a signal of surrender, universities around the world are yielding to English, forsaking local-speak even in parts of Europe traditionally hostile to the language. They are now offering courses in English to lure the internationally mobile student.It is, of course, not just academic expediency but economic acuity: after all, the number of youths who want to be high on the learning ladder - as long as the medium is English - is only multiplying. These universities are now more than happy to open their arms and doors to feed that need for their own survival.It is not a coincidence that the US, UK, Australia, and Canada - all Anglophone countries - have always been the most attractive destinations for international students. Now other countries have realized that English is the lure if they wish to aim for a slice of this international student market.Many have devised game plans to achieve this aim.Jordan , for example, has set a target of 1 lakh international students by 2020; Singapore aspires to have 1.5 lakh by 2015, while Japan plans on hosting 3 lakh by 2025. The most ambitious goal, though, has been set by China, which aims to have 5 lakh international students by 2020.These aggressive expansion plans have forced many European countries to also strategically offer an increasing number of courses, even entire programmes of study, in English. The movement started with the MBA programme at Europe's Ivy Leagues - HEC ( Paris ), Erasmus University ( Rotterdam ), SDA-Bocconi ( Milan ) and Esade ( Barcelona ) - which started lectures in English.\"Even today, many of these top business schools continue to teach one class in their local language and another in English,\" says Stefano Caselli, professor of banking and finance at SDA-Bocconi. \"But since the last five years, there has been an incredible increase in the number of universities offering master's programmes in English. The message is clear: if you want to remain in the global system, you have to turn to English,\" he adds.Business schools in smaller European countries too have started waking up to the need to teach in English. Vlerick Leuven Gent Management School in Belgium, Nyenrode Business Universiteit in the Netherlands and Lund University in Sweden have all overcome the problem of working in a country with three official languages by adopting English for their management programmes.In her research paper, 'Challenges in Adopting English-Taught Degree Programmes', Annette Bradford notes that in the more recent years, East Asian universities have also begun to rapidly increase their offerings in English. Korea has embraced English-medium instruction enthusiastically, with a large number of universities seeking to incorporate it into their existing programmes, conducting about 30% of their classes in English.Taiwan and Japan are focusing more on entire English-taught programmes. Taiwan has at least 170 English-taught programmes at various levels, and the Japanese government intends to have 157 programmes in its 13 Global 30 Project-funded institutions alone by 2014. \"In mainland China, at the request of the ministry of education , Chinese universities teach a growing range of professional subjects entirely in English, including information science, biotechnology, new materials, engineering, international trade , finance, and law,\" her study says.The shift hasn't come easily though. National Taiwan University of Science and Technology runs a free summer intensive English programme for domestic students so they can participate in English-taught classes. National Chang Hwa Normal University offers pedagogical workshops for its faculty. Similarly, Yuan Ze University partnered with the University of New South Wales to send faculty to Australia for intensive training to enhance their abilities to deliver programmes in English.Five years ago, the German government directed the top eight schools to hold master's and PhD programmes in English. Launched last year, Japan's Global 30 project has roped in 13 top universities to be a magnet for international students. Unsurprisingly, English will be the mantra on these campuses.S Sadagopan, director, IIIT-Bangalore, says there was a time when it was believed that learning science and technology in the mother tongue was the key to success. \"But with universities across the globe shifting to English, it is clear that English will be the language of science and technology,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17080727", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcAnti-govt\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 Bengal film screening stopped", "text": "KOLKATA: The decision by a theatre run by Kolkata Municipal Corporation to stop Saturday's scheduled screening of a just-released movie that alluded to the now infamous Park Street rape has got tongues wagging about CM Mamata Banerjee's intolerance.Soon after the rape of a woman, described by cops as dissolute, comments by a ruling party leader about woman staying out late, had triggered a controversy about the attitude of the Trinamool towards women.Now the surprise move by the Star Theatre to stop screening Agnidev Chatterjee's '3 Kanya' has critics seeing a link between the two. Pre-release TV promos had played up a dialogue from the film \u00e2\u20ac\u201d \"Is it okay for a prostitute to be raped?\"\"At the very last minute a Star spokesman said there's pressure from higher ups not to show the film that is anti-government,\" the director said. Starring two National Award winning Tollywood actors, Rituparna Sengupta, Ananya Chatterjee and Unnati Davra from Bollywood. Unnati plays a daring police inspector, Ananya a rape victim and Rituparna a reporter in a TV channel.State education minister Bratya Basu plays a cameo in the film. \"There can't be any film for or against the government in this country. I am yet to know the details,\" Basu said.The movie had built up expectations of celluloid exploration of the Park Street Rape case and the subsequent transfer of joint commissioner of police (crime) Damayanti Sen. The movie opens with three men picking up a girl from a nightclub and then raping her.The makers denied the film is based on the Park Street rape. \"Is that the only instance of rape?\" the director asked TOI. He confirmed, \"Star is the only contracted theatre not playing the film that is doing good business in 50 other halls.\"Ranjan Ganguly of Artage, which manages Star's affairs since the exit of Priya Entertainment, called it a coordination gap. \"Under the new dispensation, we are committed to stage plays every Thursday and Saturday. Friday, too, was booked for a homage to Tagore,\" he said. \"It might be screened from Sunday,\" he said.State home secretary Basudeb Banerjee said the government had no control on Star Theatre. \"It is not a government hall, but owned by the KMC and it has been given on lease to a private party. It is their discretion which film they will screen. The government has no desire to ban any film. It is being said that the government has banned it. It is totally baseless. The government has not interfered in any way,\" Banerjee said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "17082758", "title": "Shillong meet on transparency", "text": "SHILLONG: Is transparency in public life actually a guarantee for integrity or is every good endeavour ultimately usurped by greed and rampant corruption?This was the subject of an interesting discussion as part of observance of Vigilance Week at the headquarters of Power Grid Corporation of India Limited here.\"Observance of Vigilance Weeks has become an official routine all over the country, but then what is the net result,\" asked AK Mathur, the director of North Eastern Police Academy (NEPA). Observing that the delivery system has failed to a large extent, the police officer said the system has not been able to instill confidence in people.He, however, underscored that it was unfair to generalize that the entire government machinery was corrupt.\"Certainly, transparency helps in checking corruption as it acts as a deterrent, but then transparency alone will not work as it has its own limitations,\" said Mathur.Citing several examples from his own experiences, the senior police officer quipped that one could always \"put up a show\" of transparency and emphasized that this was where the media, as a watchdog, assumed a very important role. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "17082459", "title": "Gour Banga University in admission row", "text": "MALDA: Gour Banga University is rocked by allegations of admission given to a girl in the education department in violation of the merit list.Under the directions of the state government, the university admitted 60% of its own graduates in postgraduate courses and took the remaining 40% from other universities through an admission test.The entrance test for 28 seats was conducted on October 10 and the merit list published on October 16. Twenty-one students were admitted in the general category. Sources say that candidate Sarbani Basu, who had ranked 35th, sent an application to the registrar-in-charge Jahir Hossain on October 17 praying for a seat.Hossain allegedly forwarded the application to the convener of the admission committee, professor Bikash Roy, who sent it to HOD S S Bairagya. Sources say Bairagya and other teachers sought approval from the university authorities for the admission as there were many other candidates who had scored higher than Basu. Vice-chancellor Achintya Biswas allegedly approved the application and asked officials to take necessary action. The entire process was surprisingly completed on a single day, say sources. There were at least 13 more deserving candidates, who were deprived, say sources.The SFI is on the warpath. District SFI secretary Abhijit Dey said: \"As soon as we learnt of the alarming allegation, we tried to meet the VC but he refused. We submitted the complaint to officiating registrar Dr Madhab Adhikary and we are going to take the agitation to the streets.\"Adhikary acknowledged the complaint. \"We have received the allegation and the VC has been informed,\" he said. Bairagya said, \"We admitted the girl as I was authorized by my authority.\" The VC, however, denied all the charges. \"I know nothing in this regard,\" he said. Hossain also denied having anything to do with the admission and said: \"I acted as I was supposed to.\"A senior member of the university council, professor Dulal Ghosh said: \"Such admission is illegal, unethical and not approved by university act. VC Prof Biswas has flouted norms earlier, too. The higher education department must take it seriously. We will discuss the matter in the council.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17081882", "title": "Yerran's ambulance had no oxygen cylinder: DL Ravindra Reddy", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Health and family welfare minister DL Ravindra Reddy on Saturday created a flutter by admitting that the private ambulance in which senior TDP leader Yerrannaidu was rushed to KIMS in Srikakulam after his car met with an accident had no oxygen cylinder. Yerran's last words were 'oxygen oxygen' even as he was shifted to the private ambulance engaged by NHAI as the 108 ambulance did not reach the accident spot in time.The minister said in Hyderabad that the ambulance had no oxygen cylinder and it only exposed the fact that emergency services in the state had gone for a toss. It took 20 minutes for the NHAI ambulance to arrive at the spot after the mishap. By then,Food hadentered Yerran's lungs and he was complaining of breathlessness. \"The ambulance personnel did not realise the importance of oxygen for Yerran who is a chronic asthma patient. The 108 vehicle arrived 10 minutes after the NHAI ambulance left the place,\" those in the know of things told TOI.The NHAI ambulance took 20 minutes to reach KIMS which proved crucial as Yerran did not have oxygen supply all the while.\"Had the 108 ambulance reached in time, his life could have been saved as it had oxygen cylinder,\" sources said. This revelation could set off a new controversy with the TDP leaders already alleging gross negligence on the part of the government to save Yerran.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17081592", "title": "Mewat rates 5th lowest in polio vaccination", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Muslim organizations have appealed to people of Mewat to come forward for polio immunization, especially pulse polio for their children. The appeals have been issued as the district has the poorest track record in polio immunization.According to a recent report prepared by the state health department, Mewat is 5th lowest district in country for fully-immunized children because of low female literacy, large families and socio-cultural taboos. Report also added that only 12.2% children of Mewat district are fully immunized, while the average of the state is 59.9%.Some of the organizations that have issued such appeals are Darul-Uloom-Deabond and one from the J N Medical College Hospital, Aligarh Muslim University (AMU), requesting the people of Mewat to ensure that their children, below five years of age, have taken polio drops and immunization.These appeals have come following requests from Mewat district administration and local health authorities. Appeal made by Darul-Uloom-Deabond reads, \"Though people must be aware about the benefit of immunization of children, some people of the community are not convinced about the benefits of polio drops which is essential for kids up to the age of five years.\"The appeals also read that various Muslim countries have already adopted these vacancies for their children and there are no harms in it. When contacted, mission director, National Rural Health Mission (NRHM), Haryana, Dr Rakesh Gupta, told TOI on Saturday that religious bodies are playing vital role in convincing the locals about immunization.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17082301", "title": "3 staffers among 6 detained in jewellery shop theft case", "text": "PUNE: A day after a jewellery shop at Rasta Peth was broken into and gold ornaments weighing 7.5 kg and Rs 1.97 crore cash were stolen, Pune police on Saturday detained six people on suspicion for questioning.The Samarth police and the crime branch have jointly detained six people, including three jewellery shop employees and three labourers, who were doing painting work in the shop since Monday, to find out if they leaked information about the ornaments and cash kept at the jewellery to criminals or any other persons known to them, a crime branch official said.Deputy commissioner of police (Zone II) Ramnath Pokale, said, \"We have started questioning several people, including criminals on police record, but no arrests have been effected. We are analyzing the CCTV footages for identifying the suspects. We are also trying to identity witnesses if they have seen the suspects at the jewellery shop.\"The robbery had taken place between 9.20 pm and 11.30 pm when the shopowner had gone home for dinner. The recorder of the CCTV camera installed in the shop was found missing. The police have collected CCTV footage from the neighbouring shops.The jeweller, Kiran Sonigra (35) of Rasta Peth, had lodged a complaint with the Samarth police station.Kiran's father Javerchand Sonigra has been running the shop, J P Jewellers, for the last 40 years. Every night after closing the shop around 9.30 pm, Javerchand used to go for dinner to their flat in Rasta Peth. Javerchand and his wife would return to the shop around 11.30 pm to spend the night.On Thursday night, Kiran and his father shut the shop as usual at 9.30 pm and went home for dinner. Before leaving, Kiran locked the rear door and its safety door. When Javerchand and his wife returned at 11.30 pm, they found that locks on both the doors had been broken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17083468", "title": "Divers being trained", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Under the 'Hunar-se-Rozgar' programme, a 'Diving training programme' and 'Life saving technique course' are being organised at Boat Club. Members participating in the programme would be helpful in saving pilgrims from drowning during the Mahakumbh scheduled next year.The training is being imparted under the tutelage of expert divers including T N Khan and Kunal Sambhal from Orrisa, senior diver trainer V G Praveen from Kerala and others. The above course is being managed by the representative of Tourism department Manjeet. About 30 persons are being taught how to save a person from drowning.During the inaugural function, divisional commissioner Divesh Chaturvedi, mela officer Mani Prasad Mishra, vice president of Allahabad Development Authority Ajay Kumar Singh, additional mela officer Ashustosh Dwivedi, regional tourism officer Amit Kumar and others were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17081560", "title": "Centre not for nationalization of mining in Goa: Praful Patel", "text": "PANAJI: Heavy industries minister Praful Patel on Saturday said the central government does not wish to nationalize mining in Goa but can regulate mining according to the laws in force. Patel made the comment on the sidelines of a 'thinkers conclave' at Bambolim.CPI and some NGOs have demanded nationalization of mines. Their argument is that the government has allowed a few influential persons to reap benefits worth crores of rupees while the government receives a pittance in return. They have demanded that mining be nationalized so revenue due to the state goes to the exchequer.Patel also said the Goa government should make a proper representation to the Supreme Court so that it allows legal mining to resume at the earliest. He said legal mining should resume as it is an important economic activity on which about 40% of the people from the state depend. He criticized the state BJP government saying it was not doing enough to bring about an \"amicable and reasonable solution to this vexatious problem\".Patel said there are instances when courts have reconsidered their position after governments made review petitions. He said legal mining should resume urgently because he has been told that the Goa government is in deep financial trouble and may have difficulty in paying staff salaries.Asked if the centre would extend a financial package to Goa's mining affected persons, Patel said the centre cannot finance every state. He said Goa should raise revenue to meet current expenditure and that the centre would fund major infrastructural projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "17081580", "title": "SAD councillor held for illegal sand mining", "text": "PATIALA: Police on Friday evening arrested a SAD councillor on charges of involvement in illegal sand mining. The mining department officers caught Sukhjinder Singh, a councillor in Ghagga Nagar Council, while he was illegally carrying out mining along the Kulwanu road near Ghagga using a earthremover.Though his workers fled after seeing the departmental team, the councillor initially allegedly misbehaved with the team and even threatened them with dire consequences if they informed the police. \"But we did not bow to his pressure tactics and informed Ghagga police, which registered a case against him for illegal mining and arrested him,\" said district mining officer Harjinder Pannu.During the last 24 hours, the mining department detected illegal mining at many places in Satluj-Yamuna link canal on the Punjab-Haryana border. Since the start of 2012, the district mining department has registered cases for illegal sand mining against 45 persons and imposed a penalty of Rs 25 lakh.\"Residents involved in illegal sale of sand do not even care for repeated warnings as they are protected by politicians,\" alleged an officer on condition of anonymity. But some officers claimed that since in almost all cases cops register cases under bailable charges, that too after much efforts, the accused easily escape from police net within hours by submitting bail bonds. Pannu said they have increased patrolling and formed special teams to permanently stop mining in Patiala district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17086845", "title": "Bihar CM Nitish Kumar gives clarion call to people, says fight for right", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar on Sunday gave a clarion call to the people of Bihar to give him such a mandate in 2014 that no government at the centre could be formed without Bihar. Addressing the massive Adhikar rally here a Gandhi Maidan, which was full to its capacity and crowd spilled on the streets, Nitish said he has raised demand of special category status for the destiny of Bihar and its 10.5 crore people.\"Whichever government comes at the centre should give us special status,\" he said and announced to hold another massive rally to press the same demand in March at Ramlila Ground in Delhi. He said soon the dates will be finalized and asked people to march to Delhi for a final battle.\"This is the for the first time in political history that people of all religion, sections, age and gender have united on a demand which is related to their future and destiny of Bihar,\" the CM said and hit at his detractors without naming that some people believe in dividing the society but he was relentlessly trying to unite the people on an agenda of development.The CM said the criteria for according special category status should be changed and all the states which are left behind in national average on different human indices should be given opportunity to develop by giving them special status.Saying that Bihar has recorded growth of double digit in recent past, Nitish added that with this pace of development state will need 25 years to touch the national average. \"The young generation of Bihar is not ready to wait for 25 years and they want their rights right now,\" he said amid thunderous applause from the crowd which consisted of mainly young people.The Adhikar rally was the first show of JD-U since the party came to power in 2005. Party chief Sharad Yadav Bihar division in 2000 hit hard the people of the remaining Bihar as all the mines, minerals and industries went to Jharkhand but despite promises the centre did not help Bihar to overcome this loss.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17081335", "title": "Healthy diet can help children fight 'diabesity'", "text": "NAGPUR: Let children cut a big fruit on birthdays instead of creamy cakes and ensure that they do not consume 'contaminated vegetarian' (junk) food. These were only two of the many mantras that the teachers and parents from the city were given to prevent the onset of diabetes in their kids.To mark the approaching World Diabetes Day, Diabetes Care Foundation of India (DCFI), in collaboration with Diabetes Care 'n' Research Centre and Rastriya Madhyamik Shiksha Abhiyaan organized a public awareness programme on the theme educating the educators. Supreme Court justice VS Sirpurkar was the chief guest while Dr CM Meshram, president National Neurology Society of India and Mahesh Karajgaonkar, deputy director of education were the guests of honour. Other than the instructional lectures by the doctors, entertaining skits showcased how regular exercise and a controlled diet can help delay or prevent the onset of diabetes.\"Even though World Health Organisation has classified obesity as a disease, the present generation does not seem very serious about tackling this problem. Every kilo of weight gained increases the chances of diabetes by 5 to 9 percent,\" said diabetologist and director of DCRC Dr Sunil Gupta. Changes in food habits and lifestyle can help the children deal with 'diabesity'.Several parents and teachers attended the event and most of them said that they would make all possible efforts to implement the lessons they learnt in the programme. \"We would definitely tell our students to follow all that we have learnt today. Also as a parent, I would ensure that my child develops some of these healthy habits,\" said Shyam Dhaktod, a high school English teacher from Pandit Baccharaj Vyas School.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17083345", "title": "Lok Adalat seeks report on banned pesticides", "text": "BANGALORE: Expressing concern over the continuous use of banned pesticides, a high court Lok Adalat has asked for a report from authorities concerned.\"Endosulfan is only one pesticide, there are many others that are in use. People think by using more pesticides , they can yield good crops. There is a lack of awareness. It's also ironic that companies are getting subsidies in the name of farmers,\" observed Justice DV Shylendra Kumar.Benefits for cancer patientsMadan Gopal, principal secretary to health department , told the Adalat that the state government has appealed to the Centre to extend the benefit of scheme of financial assistance to cancer patients by including surgery as against the chemotherapy alone. He stated that in the 12th Five Year Plan, the central government will be expanding the scope of the scheme to all districts across the state.\"There are 28 lakh cancer patients in the country. At least 11 lakh are being added every year and 5 lakh die of cancer every year,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17081343", "title": "African scientists learn modern cotton tech at CICR", "text": "NAGPUR: City-based Central Institute for Cotton Research (CICR) has been playing host and teacher to 32 scientists from Africa. This delegation was a part of the international capacity building Indo-African cotton training programme that concluded on Saturday. The central government-funded programme was devised after the prime minister committed to share the country's scientific and technical expertise to cotton growing African countries.As the programme concluded, Idris Raoua Oudraogo, Ambassador Extraordinary of the Embassy of Burkina Faso, former chairman of Agricultural Scientists Recruitment Board CD Mayee, director of NBSSLUP Deepak Sarkar and director of NRCC VJ Shivankar guided the participants in using the knowledge they had acquired over the fortnight. Thirty-two foreign delegates from six countries of Africa including three C-4 countries (Benin, Burkina Faso and Chad) besides Nigeria, Uganda and Malawi participated in this training programme whose theme was 'Modern Cotton Production Technology: Strengthening the Value Chain'.Expressing delight over the knowledge transfer, the ambassador said that these efforts would go a long way in increasing the productivity of the crop in the six participating countries. He also said that such international co-operation in terms of soft skills development helps forge sustainable ties between the countries involved. CICR has emerged as a pioneer in developing methods of enhancing cotton yield, he added.Co-ordinator of the programme, Blaise Desouza, said that the training module had 33 in-house sessions, field trips as well as study tours. He remarked that the main objective was to orient the participants to the recent developments in cotton production and protection technologies and to provide the participants a hands-on experience of the technologies. Mayee believed that the training is the first step in technology transfer and suggested that such exchanges should be encouraged among the developing countries including countries of Africa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17083386", "title": "There's an opportunity in the present crisis", "text": "By Meenakshi BharatThe garbage crisis was an opportunity for the authorities to completely revamp the management system and put in place an environmentally sustainable method. A time to look at solid waste management as a whole rather than mere disposal of garbage.Unfortunately, October flew past with the problem still being looked at as disposal and not management . The practical way is to segregate garbage at source and manage segregated waste in a decentralised manner, preferably in every ward. To BBMP's credit, it kickstarted segregation in a big way, but unfortunately it hasn't progressed as expected. There seem to be multiple interests pulling in different directions and this need to be sorted out. The latest seems to be a centralised 400-acre plant coming up 100 km from Bangalore.Let all citizens of Bangalore do what we need to do to help not only in the short term but also at the long term. We do take care of our gardens. We all harvest rain water. In the same manner, just segregate your waste into dry and wet and this will result in an immediate reduction of garbage. Keep all dry waste in a separate bin. We find space for things we don't use. Why not dry waste consisting of paper, plastic , glass, metal and e-waste . Keep this clean too. Give it once a week. There are innovative ways of dealing with wet waste-composting and then biogas.If this waste is removed, we're left with sanitary waste and that needs to be given to BBMP. Let's solve the garbage problem together and all of us will be saved from the stink and the ugly sight of piled-up garbage and dengue fever.(The writer, a gynaecologistturned-civic activist, is a member of Solid Waste Management Round Table)The muck stops hereA different cityA day after being rapped by Karnataka high court for its failure in resolving the garbage woes, BBMP commissioner Rajneesh Goel told Lok Adalat on Saturday: \"We will show a different Bangalore by the time the next Adalat sits. We could not do it overnight as the problem was existing for the past 10 years.\" The Adalat, headed by Justice DY Shylendra Kumar, brought to the notice of BBMP commissioner about stormwater drains being choked due to accumulation of plastic waste and encroachment. BBMP commissioner promised to deal with the problem separately. The next hearing on this PIL referred to Lok Adalat will take place on February 23, 2013.Stop encroachmentsIn his affidavit before the Lok Adalat, Goel stated that a revenue survey to remove encroachments of rajakaluves completely at the cost of Rs 2.32 crore. Recently, a revenue survey of 115km was done. It was found that there are 367 encroachments of which 285 have been removed, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17083136", "title": "Artist VB Gowda wins Chitrasiri award", "text": "MANGALORE: Artist VB Hire Gowda of Davangere bagged this year's Alva's Chitrasiri Award.Hire Gowda is the retired principal of the College of Fine Arts, Davangere University.He will receive the award at the valedictory function of the four-day state-level art camp - Alva's Chitrasiri that will be held at Sundari Alva campus, Vidyagiri at Moodbidri from November 8 to 11. Around 20 artists from across the state will participate.Artists Chandrakanth, Paramesh Jolad and Basavaraj Gavimath from Bagalkot, Naveen Kumar A and Rashmi TN of Bangalore, Jeevan AS and Nagaraj KT of Mangalore, Harish Saga from Kundapur, Abhilash D from Mysore and Chitra Acharya of Udupi will take part.Alva's Chitrasiri is being organized as a precursor to Alva's Nudisiri, a three-day Kannada literary meet that gets underway in Moodbidri from November 16. Chi Su Krishna Setty, president, Karnataka Lalitakala Academy will confer the award. Sri Bhattaraka Charukeerthi Panditacharyavarya swamiji, Sri Moodbidri Jain mutt will inaugurate the valedictory function and M Mohan Alva, chairman, Alva's Education Foundation, will preside over.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17082345", "title": "Consumer group seeks refund from sales tax dept", "text": "PUNE: Consumer rights organization Grahak Hitawardhini has made an appeal to the Sales Tax Commissioner of Maharashtra to directly refund the Value Added Tax (VAT) paid by home buyers before October 31 to developers in response to demand from the latter of amounts worked out by methods other than laid down by official circular.In a statement issued on Saturday, Grahak Hitawardhini has charged that some developers have followed methods extraneous to the law relating to VAT and indulged in many irregularities while recovering the tax from customers.The consumer body has cited incidents of developers recovering VAT on payments made by customers during the period when it was not in force, developers recovering VAT on the entire agreement value of apartment when it is payable only on the amount of works contract and recovery of VAT for the period when developer was not a registered dealer.The consumer body also said that there were cases of recovery of VAT without producing an invoice, applying higher tax rate than laid down by the rules, recovery of tax on composition basis, recovery of tax by including unrelated amounts in the chartered accountant's certificate and recovery of tax using coercive methods.The organization has said in the release that recovery of VAT in any of these methods was illegal. The government should treat the amount of such tax as amount confiscated wrongly and refund it to the customers directly.It has also appealed to customers to file individual complaints with the sales tax authorities if they have paid VAT under any of the circumstances it has enumerated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17082267", "title": "Brace for hefty Oct power bill", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Ltd (MSEDCL) will recover in the bills for October the differential amounts for August and September after a hike in power tariff in August could not be incorporated then because of technical reasons. Consumers in the city and in rural areas will have to pay an inflated October bill, an MSEDCL statement said.\"The Maharashtra electricity regulatory commission revised the electricity tariff with effect from August 1. However the tariff revision could not be incorporated in the August bills because of technical reasons. Hence the balance amount for August was recovered in September bills for some consumers while the balance amount for August and September was recovered in the bills issued in October for some others,\" the statement clarified.Consumers who have not received bills as per revised tariff will get them in November, the statement said adding that though the balance amount has been shown as pending dues, it was the difference in tariff rates.The statement further said that the regulatory commission on June 15, 2012 has permitted recovery of Rs 1483 crore as fuel adjustment charges and that amount is being recovered in installments till November.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17083159", "title": "Towing vessel likely for east coast", "text": "MANGALORE: The National Shipping Board, taking note of beaching of oil tanker MT Prathibha Cauvery in Chennai on Wednesday, has decided to recommend to the union government to station one more emergency towing vessel for the east coast in Chennai.This comes even as director-general of shipping has ordered SCI Ratna, India's only such vessel stationed in Mumbai to set sail for Chennai and aid salvage operation on the beached oil tanker.The board at its 120th meeting here on Saturday was fully apprised of the fall-out of the beaching incident of Prathibha Cauvery.According to MM Saggi, nautical adviser to the Union government, SCI Ratna, which set sail immediately after the incident had reached Kochi, and is expected to reach Chennai either by Wednesday evening or early on Thursday. \"The stationing of one more vessel along the east coast will help mitigate such circumstances,\" he said.Salvage company has boarded the stricken vessel and efforts are on to refloat it, he said, adding SCI Ratna will join the operations if Prathibha Cauvery has not been refloated by then.\"The salvage company has pointed out that the vessel, which got beached after it lost anchor and drifted ashore, can be refloated,\" he said. The vessel with 37-crew on board was at Chennai anchorage waiting for dry dock after discharging last cargo on October 29.The board had spoken to the chief of the Naval Staff on rescuing the sailors. The Coast Guard despite being in readiness could not launch rescue operations due to adverse weather conditions, he said. Chennai port vessels too could not venture out in such condition, he said, adding that shallow nature of the beach prevented larger vessels for coming to her rescue. The vessel sat on ground and listed to 14 degrees at which point the sailors panicked.Fearing that the vessel would capsize, Captain Carl Fernandes decided to evacuate the crew and first batch of 22 sailors were put on life boat. Observing that the life boat could not make it ashore in choppy seas, he said it was unfortunate that six of them drowned. Bodies of five sailors reported missing have been recovered and one who made it ashore alive, died on the way to hospital. Rest of the crew has been accounted for, he said.The principal office, mercantile maritime department, Chennai has been directed to hold an inquiry into the incident and submit a report, Gautam Chatterjee, director-general of shipping, said.The master of the vessel did make repeated requests for help, but the Coast Guard, Indian Navy and other authorities concerned were helpless due to weather, he said. The presence of an emergency towing vessel could have mitigated such a tragedy, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17081762", "title": "Historic maidan all setfor another big moment", "text": "PATNA: With hours to go for the JD-U's first public rally while in power in the state capital on Sunday, the venue, Gandhi Maidan, was all set on Saturday evening to welcome lakhs of participants likely to attend it. Organized with the purpose of mounting pressure on the Centre to grant special category status to Bihar , the 'Adhikar Rally' is expected to be a historic one, where chief minister Nitish Kumar and a host of JD-U leaders will launch a strident attack on the Centre for ignoring Bihar's plea for the status.By Saturday evening, rally participants had begun to arrive in the city from across the state even as finishing touches were being given to arrangements at Gandhi Maidan. By Sunday morning, the ground is expected to turn into a sea of humanity. In order to manage the vast crowd and maintain near normalcy in the city, the Patna district administration has made special arrangements.According to the administration sources, entry to the ground would be through the five gates of Gandhi Maidan. The gate opposite the State Bank of India would be used for the entry of CM and other JD-U ministers. The gate opposite Biscomaun Bhavan would be used for JD-U legislators while the other three gates would be used by the people attending the rally.Door frame metal detectors would be used at every gate for security check. Traffic SP Chandrika Prasad said, \"No vehicle would be allowed inside the Gandhi Maidan, except that of the CM. A total of 70 drop gates have been erected in the Patna city area and 11 drop gates at the district's border areas to control vehicular traffic.\" He added, \"Vehicular traffic inside the city will also be regulated. The vehicles coming from the northern side of Patna through Gandhi Setu will be diverted to Mithapur bus stand. The vehicular traffic will also be diverted near the PMCH, Income-Tax roundabout, Nala Road and Rajendra Nagar bridge,\" he said.The district administration has divided Gandhi Maidan into four sectors which would be manned by one ADM and one DSP-rank officer each. As many as 66 magistrates along with 10,000 policemen would be deployed at different strategic points in the city. Eleven control rooms would be functioning throughout the day while Pesu teams would be available at every control room for any assistance for power supply.Fogging has been done at the rally venue. Moreover, 70 water tankers would be made available for drinking water. Patna civil surgeon would deploy 40 ambulances around Gandhi Maidan while one ambulance would be deployed at every police station of the rural and town area of Patna. Lavatories have also been provided for the public use. JCB machines and fire brigade tenders, as also sniffer dogs and bomb disposal squads would also remain on standby at the Gandhi Maidan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17081450", "title": "39 more test positive for dengue in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Dengue continued to spread fast in the capital with 39 more people testing positive for the mosquito-borne disease today, taking the total number of cases this season to 1,135.While 38 cases were reported from three municipal corporations, one was reported from the VVIP area. Two children have so far succumbed to dengue ever since the disease began spreading in the capital early this month. South Delhi Municipal Corporation reported the maximum number of 426 cases, while 371 cases were detected from the North corporation area and 287 cases were reported from East corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17082870", "title": "Review: Nikon S800c", "text": "It all began the day mobile companies thought it would be great to add a camera to phones. And now, Nikon seems to be fighting back with a camera that runs a smartphone operating system (OS).The S800c looks like any point-and-shoot, but with enough metal in its fabrication to seem premium. But its true differentiator is that it runs on Android 2.3 Gingerbread.Switch it on and you are prompted to connect to Wi-Fi with its built-in receiver and set up the device with a Google account. The camera latches on to wireless connections easily, and just like that, you're ready to go. Email, browsing, social networking work smoothly, and the Play Store lets you download Android apps onto its 1.7GB internal storage.Games like Angry Birds and Subway Surfer pose no issues. And its larger-than-average 3.5-inch touchscreen responds promptly to taps and swipes. But try 3D games like Dead Trigger and the S800c protests by crashing the app, reminding you that it's still a digital camera.So what about the camera?Given that it has a 16MP sensor and 10x optical zoom, the camera's output is on par with similar shooters. Videos are shot in FullHD with stereo sound, colours look realistic, and pictures are satisfactorily sharp, though you would be kidding yourself if you expect snaps like those of similarly priced entry-level DSLRs and mirror-less cameras. And when compared with superzooms in this bracket, the photo output is almost identical, so the choice is between greater optical zoom and Android.Still, you have to remind yourself that the S800c is not about the camera alone. It's a device that needs to be judged along with the apps that it lets you run. Indeed, with Android at the helm, it becomes easy for users to 'build' their own camera by choosing from a wide array of photo apps. With Instagram and Pixlr-o-matic on the shooter, we could click a photo, apply effects, and even upload it to the internet if there was a Wi-Fi connection at hand. And seriously, images after that kind of digital processing look fantastic despite the apps processing lower-res downscaled images.On the downside, lack of 3G capability can be frustrating because you have to wait till you're in a Wi-Fi zone before you can share your digital masterpieces with friends and family.Also, Android can be a real juicedrainer. The S800c has a CIPA rating of 140 shots per charge, but that does not take web browsing and apps into consideration. There were times when we found ourselves charging the camera after 40-50 photos. Is it worth it or just a gimmick?Overall, the Nikon S800c is a decent first attempt at merging a smart OS with \"proper\" camera hardware. Its lack of anywhere-internet, however, mars the whole purpose of running Android on it. The true capability of such a camera will be realized when developers begin creating apps that can process larger-size images and take advantage of the superior optics and image processors.Still, when coupled with today's apps, the S800c is capable of better pictures than most point-and-shoots, so the Android experiment actually pays off. However, at its price, it falls short of getting our whole-hearted recommendation.  Pros: Runs Android, photo apps; Great build quality; 1.7GB storage; Good touchscreen; Built-in Wi-FiCons: Expensive; Lack of 3G support; Poor battery life", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17082208", "title": "No buzz in biz world for CM's Bijoya meet", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee will meet the captains of industry next Friday, at a time when the state's investment quotient has taken a nosedive, thanks to the HBT fiasco in Haldia.The dinner party at 27 Ballygunge Place will be attended by industrialists, representatives of chambers of commerce, consul-generals and the who's who of Kolkata.The chief minister has been famously organising Bijoya Sammeloni (post-Puja get-together) for the past two years - before and after she took over the reins of the state. Last year's Bijoya Sammeloni with industrialists had been a major hit since it was her first as the Bengal chief minister.But this time, there is a question mark on the enthusiasm - both on part of the chief minister and the industrialists - given the state's little or no effort to draw investments. The chief minister's hands-off policy on land acquisition has been a major deterrent for investors. And now, with the Haldia fiasco - which the chief minister has dismissed as \"nothing happened\" - is another sore point.The exit of cargo handling company Haldia Bulk Terminals (HBT) - jointly promoted by ABG group of India and French logistics company LDA - which announced its exit from the Haldia port on Wednesday citing unsafe work conditions, has been a major setback for the state. \"In the current context, the chief minister will try to pacify the frayed nerves and reinstate their confidence in the ambience which is still conducive to investments,\" said an official of West Bengal Industrial Development Corporation (WBIDC), which promotes industrialisation in the state.Kallol Dutta of the Bengal Chamber of Commerce, however, didn't sound too enthusiastic about the meeting. \"The chief minister has called us, so we'll go. But we are not going with any expectation. What new will come out of this meeting?\" he wondered.There is no denying that the effort will be forced since the chief minister won't be able to make assurances on land acquisition. Mamata, it is believed, will try to harp on her attempt to enact a law against bandhs and strikes. She will present her views and also hear out the invitees. Officials admitted that no industrialist of the stature of Adi Godrej , who was present at Mamata's investors' meet in June, 2011 will be present this time.During that meet, Mamata had promised to improve Bengal's infamous work culture. But now, with her own government trying to play down the Haldia episode, it's anybody's guess if she will be convincing.Some people have likened HBT's exit to that of the Tatas in 2008 when Ratan Tata had said: \"If someone puts a gun to my head, you would either have to remove the gun or pull the trigger. I did not move my head. I think Ms Banerjee pulled the trigger. On Wednesday, HBT CEO Gurpreet Malhi said: \"We were forced to walk out of Haldia as the agencies entrusted with law and order openly abandoned their responsibility.\"Investors believe the two pullouts, both linked to Trinamool Congress , may cost West Bengal dear. In fact, the Indian Chamber of Commerce recently issued a statement that \"Singur had witnessed a mass support to her movement over the issue of government grabbing farmers' land for private industries. There is no such issue in Haldia. Moreover, no Tata official was abducted or assaulted in Singur.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17086397", "title": "Veera &amp; Junoon's cast is unique: Yash Patnaik", "text": "After the stupendous success of Rang Badalti Odhni, producer Yash Patnaik is set to launch two new shows-Veera and Junoon, under his banner Beyond Dreams.While Veera is the story of the bond between a brother and sister, Junoon talks about the concept of reverse migration. Says producer Yash Patnaik, \"The concept of these two shows was developed by my wife Mamta and we were very cautious and choosy about the casting\". Talking about Veera he adds, \"Sneha Wagh who was last seen in Jyoti is back after a long gap and Sudhanshu Pandey is someone who is again not over exposed on television. The little boy Ranvijay is also a newbie in a way as he has not done many shows. We auditioned almost 100 boys before we zeroed on Bhavesh. The casting team was very satisfied to see Bhavesh's facial expression as he can emote a lot\".Speaking about Junoon's unique pair, Yash adds, \"Both Mouni Roy and Aditya Redij have done some excellent work and I can bet that none of their fans have seen them in their new avatar. The show is set in UP so a lot of emphasis has been given to the costumes and look. We have also caste Ajay Chaudhary, Shalini Kapoor and Shruti Ulfat for this show. Junoon has some real action with some breathtaking stunts that have been directed by action director PK who is known for his stunts\".While Veera airs on Star Plus, Junoon is set to launch tomorrow on Life OK. Whether the shows will capture the hearts of audiences will remain to be seen once TRPs are generated in the coming few months!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17084029", "title": "Jewellery store challaned by Lucknow Municipal Corporation", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow Municipal Corporation on Saturday issued a challan to a jewellery store in Hazratganj on Saturday, which had a franchisee of a prominent brand for burning heaps of waste in the middle of footpath. The shopkeeper had on Friday, set on fire the heaps of waste collected from the store in the open in a blatant violation of civic laws.Additional municipal commissioner, PK Srivastava, confirmed that a legal notice was sent to the jewellery store. He added that burning of garbage in the open is prohibited under the UP Municipal Act 1959. The act not only caused grave inconvenience to the public, but also led to blackening of the Victorian lamps which were installed on the footpath during the renovation of the posh market two years ago.According to an eyewitness, on Saturday morning, the shopkeepers were trying to remove the leftover of the heap of burnt waste and garbage, but could not remove them, as it was still hot. Some nearby shopkeepers tried to pour water on the waste in a bid to cover up the act. Rajesh Sharma, another shopkeeper in the area said, \"We faced smoke and foul smell, which was left behind after burning of garbage for many hours.\"Meanwhile, when TOI contacted the jewellery brand, its representative said that it was an old franchisee, which was operating from the said store three months back and now the company has shifted its premises to Shahjanaf Road and hence it has nothing to do with the store in question. \"The matter has been sorted out between the old franchisee and Lucknow Municipal Corporation,\" he said.Experts insist that burning of plastic releases toxic gases, which are carcinogenic. The Environment (Protection) Act, 1986 too terms such an act as a 'crime' that invokes application of Section 278 of the Indian Penal Code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17083934", "title": "New vice-chancellor of Lucknow University to focus on upgrading syllabus, basic hostel facilities", "text": "LUCKNOW: A day after GB Patnaik took charge of the vice-chancellor of Lucknow University, he asked all heads of the departments to provide details of their achievements in recent times. Not only this, he has also sought details of the problems faced by the departments in terms of human resources and infrastructure. Along with this, the heads will also have to inform the VC of their future long-term plans for the benefit of the university. Apart from heads, the VC has also asked all people holding various administrative posts to provide the above said details. \"The basic information about each department will help in chalking out a roadmap for improvement and betterment of the university,\" said the VC. The deadline to furnish the details is November 6.Speaking to TOI about his immediate plan, Patnaik said, \"The university exists for the students and it is our responsibility to create congenial environment in the university. We need to first focus on the curriculum, which has not been updated for years. This brings LU nowhere to a modern university. I have been informed that students face great inconvenience in terms of absence of basic facilities. The state of affairs in hostel is also not so good. We will focus on that first,\" said Patnaik.Sources in the university revealed that on Friday the VC took rounds of a hostel and found mess inoperative, and is set to release money to settle things. \"The VC is keen on improving the situation in the hostels. He has asked the concerned officials to ensure that all hostels have a lounge, magazines and newspaper supply, proper kitchens and clean drinking water,\" said a LU teacher. He is also looking forward to increase cultural and sports activities on the campus.Sources also said that the new VC is planning to enhance the powers of heads of the departments by letting them handle the grants they get from various sources. \"The heads will have to prepare an expenditure list of the grants being used,\" said a senior university professor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "manipal", "code": "17083176", "title": "Student finds his forte in IT business", "text": "MANIPAL: This student seems to have born with entrepreneurship in his blood. A proud owner of an IT solution company at the young age of 22, Gaurav Prakash has set his goals higher and is setting an example for the student fraternity.Gaurav, a second BA student of journalism and mass communication at Manipal Institute of Communications (MIC), has established 'Solutions For Startup', an IT service company on Manipal University's Technology and Business Incubator campus. Gaurav's IT company offers services like developing websites, content writing, graphic content development and other IT-related solutions to various new companies.Now, this budding entrepreneur is gearing up to set up \"DesiKapde,\" an outlet of t-shirts and other merchandises in Manipal.Gaurav, a certified pilot, has completed his flight training in Fort Lauderdale in USA. Prior to joining MIC, Gaurav had joined Manipal Institute of Technology (MIT) to pursue computer science engineering.\"I pursued BE in computer science only for one year and discontinued. I felt that BE was not my cup of tea as there was too much of physics and chemistry. I joined MIC since it offers subjects like web designing, event management, and content writing in its courses. These areas are of my interest,\" Gaurav told STOI.A year ago, Gaurav developed two websites, manipalthetalk.net, which provides information about the official events of Manipal University and menucardsonline.com which gives details of menu cards of all the restaurants in and around Manipal.\"I am planning to help the poor with the revenue generated from my company,\" Gaurav said.Gaurav was also the nominee for Global Student Entrepreneur Awards, South Asia India East and a finalist of the NIT Trichy's E-cell event Ventura 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17085337", "title": "Kolkatians turn in style for dance", "text": "Thumping music, throbbing strobe lights and a gang of city people burning the dance floor. Friday night at Tantra, The Park, saw the party people in the city getting over their post-Puja blues in style.With the latest tracks from DJs Vishal and Varun making sure that the music rocked, we saw some innovative moves and grooves from the crowd. While the Gangnam style was a huge hit, we saw a gang of buddies possibly trying out their bhasan dance at the nightspot.With Puja just over, no one seemed to mind their enthusiastic approach to dancing. \"Thank God that the nightclubs are not shutting down early these days. After a long week, we need to let our hair down and unwind with friends. The music is too cool tonight and we plan to be on the dance floor till they shut the place,\" laughed Stuti, who was there with a huge group of friends.We spotted buddies Khushi and Moushumi having fun, without a care for anything else outside the dance floor. \"We think Kolkata is the best place to party. There's so much innovation in the kind of music that is played in the clubs here. We are simply loving it tonight,\" said a visibly happy Megha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17084909", "title": "'Kamaal Dhamaal...' was a mistake: Priyadarshan", "text": "The monstrously-prolific Priyadarshan finally feels he has been biting off more than he could chew. He's been making way too many films per year to be true to his artistry.Cut to the quick by the ghastly response to his latest film Kamaal Dhamaal Malamaal, Priyadarshan has for now vanished from civilization. When one tried to get in touch with the director he was nowhere to be found. His phones were switched off and his associates and assistants had no information on his whereabouts.Slightly worried one finally tracked Priyadarshan down to a remote forest in Kerala where he is now undergoing ayurvedic healing. Barely able to communicate on the phone line one managed to have a rather startling conversation with Priyan where he conveyed his displeasure with his own filmmaking methods.\"My latest film Kamaal Dhamaal Malaamal was a mistake. And I blame only myself for it. When I had seen the final product I was very unhappy with it. This has never happened before. Earlier others may have been unhappy with what I've made. I don't give a damn what people think of my films, as long as I'm happy with what I've done. This was the first time I felt dissatisfied with my film.\"Priyan blames only himself for the debacle. \"It is entirely my fault. I had a terrific producer Shailendra Singh and he let me do what I want. So the blame is entirely mine. In hindsight I feel Kamaal Dhamaal Malamaal should've never been made. It worked in Malayalam. But it didn't have the potential to be remade. The Malayali actor Dileep could carry the original. Shreyas Talpade for all his talent, couldn't carry the film. Like I said I blame no one except myself.\"Priyan has now taken a longish sabbatical in the forests of Kerala for some soul-searching. \"I just want to think, revaluate my priorities. I feel I've made enough films. Now I want to concentrate on quality. I feel my next Hindi release Rangrezz is a step in the healing process. It's turned out well. Besides Jackky Bhagnani the film has some really talented newcomers.\"Rangrezz would be Priyan's last Hindi film for a while. \"When I get back to filmmaking it would be for a Malayalam film with Mohanlal. I want to get back to my roots. As for Hindi films I am committed to do a project each with Shah Rukh Khan and Akshay Kumar . But until I am satisfied with the script I am not getting back to Bollywood. I don't want Kamaal Dhamaal Malamaal happening ever again.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17082649", "title": "Uttar Pradesh board introduces new rules for 2012-2013 exams", "text": "KANPUR: The Uttar Pradesh Madhyamik Shiksha Parishad has introduced the centre selection scheme for board exam 2012-13. As per the new rule, only 1200 students will give exam at government schools while the number of examinees at private schools will not exceed more than 500. The self-centre option for girls is also applicable this year.UP board has adopted strict rules for the blacklisted and ill-famed schools and colleges. As per the guidelines of the authorities of UP Board, no such school or college, which is engaged in any legal dispute or in illegal practice will not be able to conduct board exams.Secretary of Uttar Pradesh Madhyamik Shiksha Parishad, Upendra Kumar informed that the colleges, which have successfully conducted exams without any dispute in the session 2011-12 will be included in the new list for sure. He also inquired the respective DIOS of various district for the list of blacklisted schools of their city.The official also informed that at government colleges, 1200 students will be able to give exam. There will be no centre for the backlog students this year, hence these students might have to go to other cities or rural areas to appear in exam. Also, the colleges, which has given less than 20% result in the academic session 2011-12 will also be out of the list of exam centres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "dibrugarh", "code": "17082732", "title": "40 schoolkids hurt in accident", "text": "DIBRUGARH: At least 40 school children were injured in which they were travelling met with an accident on the NH-37 at Naduwa, about 25 km from Dibrugarh town on Saturday.The accident occurred at around 8.15 am when the school bus (AS-06/A-9869) coming from Naduwa tea estate was transporting the students to their schools. The children were mostly pre-primary and primary school students of Montfort school and Axom Vidyapeeth of Chabua. Eyewitnesses said the bus lost control while trying to avoid collision with a wayward auto-rickshaw coming from the opposite direction and fell in a 10-feet deep pit alongside the busy highway.The police along with the aid of local people managed to rescue the students from the overturned bus. The injured students were taken to the Assam Medical College and Hospital where they are undergoing treatment.Hospital authorities said four seriously injured students have been kept under close observation while those who suffered minor injuries were discharged after providing first aid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17082275", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcWant a cracker stall? Follow fire safety norms\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With the Chandigarh municipal corporation ready to allot cracker stalls to traders from November 7, the deputy commissioner office has started distributing licences. Applicants are supposed to submit affidavits saying they will follow fire norms.Of the 500 stalls available in the city, licences have been given to more than 350 aspirants. The rest of the stalls will be allotted in two to three working days. The joint municipal commissioner and chief fire officer of MC Rajiv Gupta wrote to the DC office asking authorities to ensure that applicants fulfilled all the clauses of form number 24 of fire safety norms. He also sought the involvement of fire officials in the process of allocation of licences.\"We have sent a request to the DC office regarding issuance of licences only to those who are willing to adopt fire safety norms as per form number 24. Besides, I have ordered formation of temporary fire stations in congested markets on November 12 and 13,\" the fire officer explained.Authorities are taking the help of the Chandigarh traffic police to make proper parking arrangements and keep passages leading to markets clear to provide smooth passage to fire vehicles in cases of emergency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "patana", "code": "17081725", "title": "Communicating change, shattering myths", "text": "PATANA: In the late 1990s, the farsighted head of Patna's first college for women introduced a new idea called 'vocational courses'. Pana Women's College was the first to introduce a degree course in mass media and communication. The 'Bachelor of Communicative English (BCE)' caused some confusion and a lot of consternation. Was this a real degree that would be recognized by other mainstream universities? What were the prospects? Would this strange course actually have a future?Students from the early years of the BCE department have certainly taken the less travelled road and with considerable success. One such is Sangya Ojha of the Puppetarians, the outfit that brings out that highly popular Hindi version of Sesame Street , 'Gali Gali Sim Sim'. Sangya is the head behind some of the most endearing puppets on the small screen.The daunting task in the early days was to put together the course, to establish its credibility, and to mentor the students, recalls Dr Sister Carol AC, the first coordinator, who was also the head of the Department of English at Patna Women's College. The third year was the greatest challenge, because the girls had to get internships, and that was a new thing for Patna, an idea that many parents encountered for the first time. The local press wasn't entirely kind, highlighting every small hiccup as a major fault and questioning the wisdom of having such a curriculum.The Bachelor of Communicative English course was designed to train women for careers in international and multinational sectors: advertising, radio, television, public relations and so on. The satellite media explosion was yet to happen, and at the time not many could imagine that India would boast of several English language news channels.Several parents were terrified of sending their daughters outside the state for internships. Parents had to be counselled to have faith in their daughters' abilities. Media firms had to be persuaded to accept girls from 'backward Bihar' as interns.\"The rest of India at that time believed the myth that Bihar spoke no English, and was out of touch with modernity. When our girls became interns at some of the best advertising and public relations organizations, that myth was shattered to bits. The poise and fluency of our students made quite an impression,\" says Neerja Lal, former head of the BCE department of Patna Women's College.\"I didn't have an acting bone in my body, but I was taught acting at the CEMS (the department is now known as Communicative English with Media Studies) department. We did a play called 'To kill a man', with Shanker Dutt - and what a play, and what a perfect gentleman he was - and he helped me realize that I could act a bit. Acting on the stage requires a lot of confidence. Somehow subconsciously, all these years I have owed a lot to what has been taught to me during my graduation days. We were taught to take things up as a challenge,\" recalls Vidisha Sahi, adding \"when I think of what I've done in life and what I want to do and what I want to be, I always owe it to the department.'Vidisha Sahi has been associated with advertising majors such us Ogilvy, where she worked for over four years as supervisor and McCann- Ericsson where she was a director and handled several major national campaigns with clients such as HP and Videocon . She returned to Patna to open up her own Honda dealership in Bihar, which opened this year.Ten years back, people in small towns didn't know the great range of careers available outside, and the CEMS at the time was a ground-breaking effort, where young women learnt the practical aspects of photography, video production, and radio production. At a time when people thought radio in India was dead, CEMS students went on to careers in BBC, Radio Deutsche, and were ready to take on the FM Radio revolution.\"We were the first to have a fully functional language lab for speech training and phonetics,\" recalls Sumati Jalan, currently heading a successful countrywide English Language Training outfit headquartered in New Delhi, \"and I remember that our coordinator, Sister Jessie was immensely proud of it.\"\"Today, the BCE department of Patna Women's College still has the best suited syllabus for mass communication at undergraduate level. However, it is fraught with challenges,\" says an educationist who has been associated with the department since its inception. 'The department has, over the years, lost some of its highly experienced teachers. Some have retired, others have migrated. The language lab is now obsolete and is in need of a revamp.\"\"Our department was known for its forward thinking, our teachers were able to discuss and enlighten us on every contemporary issue in the class: human rights, sexuality rights, rock music, world politics and religion, and so on,\" says Vatsala Srivastava, currently with the Asian Age in Delhi.CEMS will soon have a fully functional modernized language lab, says PWC acting principal Dr Marie Jessie AC. The emerging prosperity of Bihar has brought back several highly qualified former students, who have already begun to give back to their department as guest faculty. \"We're always ready to assist our former department in whatever way possible,\" says Maharaj Kumari Adya Sahi, currently vice-president of a heritage hotel chain, \"I owe a lot to CEMS, and we hope it continues to empower women in its unique way.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17082628", "title": "Kumbalam residents seek new bridge to Thevara", "text": "KOCHI: The Kumbalam residents' association has decided to meet public works minister V K Ebrahim Kunju and request him to build a bridge connecting Kumbalam with Thevara. The association has joined hands with the local body for the cause.The construction firm, Yashoram Builders, recently prepared a project report in this regard on the request of the association.Promoters of the bridge said it would help reduce the travel distance between Kochi and Kumbalam from the present 17km to 4km. At present, vehicles from Kumbalam use the Panangadu-Madavana-Nettoor-Kundannoor route to reach the city.People who are demanding the bridge claimed that it would enable easy movement of vehicles going to Malabar area.The 700x9x7 metre bridge is estimated cost Rs 60 crore. As per the design, 2.5 metres each will be demarcated for a walkway and a cycle track.\"The bridge can be built without using government funds or collecting toll. The money for it can be made by reclaiming land at a width of 50 metres on both Thevara and Kumbalam sides and selling it,\" said Yasoram group managing director A R S Vadhyar.He said the total land area required to be reclaimed would be over seven acres. A similar process was followed in the construction of the Goshree bridges.As part of the campaign, the association is planning to organize a convention next month.Representatives of the association, who include A R S Vadhyar, have already met Union minister K V Thomas and district collector P I Sheik Pareeth in this regard.Kumbalam grama panchayat president A J Joseph said, the local body would extend full support to the project.\"A major hurdle for the project would be getting environmental clearance as it requires reclamation of land\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17081968", "title": "Little space for Punjab neo-militancy, but prepare for threats", "text": "Union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde has warned the Punjab government to \"introspect on the possible threat of a revival of terrorism\" in view of the construction of a memorial to Operation Blue Star in Amritsar, as well as the attack on Lt Gen K S Brar in London . Chief minister Prakash Singh Badal has, however, accused Shinde of \"making a false hue and cry\" because of the Congress Party's \"chronic habit of raising the bogey of terrorism when out of power\".Partisan politics apart, the reality is that, by most measures, there is little possibility of any proximate return of terrorism to Punjab. The Khalistanis were not only comprehensively defeated in the early 1990s, they were utterly disgraced by their own misdeeds, and there is no trace of sympathy for them among the Sikhs\u00e2\u20ac\u201d with the exception of a tiny and lunatic fringe , much of it among the diaspora community.Significantly, whatever the faults of the present Akali regime, it is the case that it has not done anything to undermine the mandate of the police on counter-terrorism. Indeed, since 2007, when the Akalis came to power, there have been as many as 182 arrests of terrorists, and substantial seizures of weapons and explosives in the state, even as just one major terrorist attack has been recorded\u00e2\u20ac\u201d the bomb blast at a cinema hall in Ludhiana on October 14, 2007, which killed six. There have, of course, been some troubling incidents, including attacks on religious leaders, intended to provoke wider violence. These prominently include the IED attack on the convoy of Gurmit Ram Rahim Singh, head of the Dera Sacha Sauda in February 2008; the killing of Rulda Singh, president of the Rashtriya Sikh Sangat in July 2009; and the killing of Sant Pardhan Singh, the head of the Maidas Nirmali Dera, in May 2010. There have been no killings by Khalistani terrorists in Punjab in 2011 and 2012.Crucially, the preventive capabilities of the Punjab police and intelligence network, set up under fire during the peak of the terrorist movement in the state, remain substantially intact. The intelligence penetration across the state is comprehensive and, combined with the inherent boastfulness of the Punjabi, makes any sustained conspiracy to revive terrorism at a significant scale, virtually impossible.There are, moreover, some preliminary indications that the Akalis are presently attempting to clean up the administration at the level of the thana and the tehsil. It is not clear if this effort will be sustained and, given the enveloping corruption of the political and administrative classes, successful. If it is, however, it would have a dramatic impact, consolidating state capabilities, and marginalizing the minuscule extremist constituency even further.Unfortunately, the nature of politics within Punjab, and the progressive scandalizing and loss of credibility of the government at the Centre \u00e2\u20ac\u201d often for the wrong reasons, and with an utter failure on the part of the UPA to put forward a convincing defence \u00e2\u20ac\u201dis creating conditions of widespread instability across the country, and even the most marginal of threats has the potential of significant amplification. Within such a context, it is not enough to look at the most obvious manifestations of terrorism. A much broader perspective is necessary, and any hint of political collusion, or even of political neglect, will provide enormous encouragement to extremists. The recent controversies and political ambivalence over the 'memorial' at the Golden Temple and the protests against the death sentence to former chief minister Beant Singh's assassin, Balwant Singh Rajoana, have done much to sustain \u00e2\u20ac\u201dif not expand\u00e2\u20ac\u201d the political spaces for Sikh extremism in Punjab.Through all this, it is essential to remind ourselves that Pakistan continues to maintain the 'tattered rump' of Khalistani terrorism on its soil, in the hope that some future opportunity for revival may present itself as a result of the incompetence or recklessness of the political classes in India. There is also a radicalized element in the diaspora community in the West that continues with virulent propaganda activities in the same hope. Crucially, if the wider South Asian region is further destabilized, particularly in the post-2014 era, after the 'withdrawal' of the Americans from Afghanistan , potentially unleashing unprecedented Islamist extremist forces and a flood of sophisticated weaponry, there is no reason to believe that Pakistan's ISI will not attempt \u00e2\u20ac\u201d as it has, repeatedly, before \u00e2\u20ac\u201d to combine Khalistani and Islamist extremism in a renewed assault on India. Instead of setting up a Centre-state confrontation, there is need to recognize and prepare for these future threats.The writer is former DGP, Punjab", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "17083268", "title": "Jail Bird brand to hit stores on Nov 13", "text": "DHARWAD: A new, unique branded store is going to be opened at Gandhi Nagar in Bangalore on November 13. The store is unique as the branded products on sale here are manufactured by the inmates of Bangalore Central Jail.Set up by the department of prisons, the store will have products on display and sale under the tag 'Jail Bird' brand.Additional director general of police K V Gagandeep told STOI here on Saturday that several leading companies had come forward to utilize the services of prisoners who have expertise in various vocations. He said 82 prisoners trained in carpentry and all the prisoners in Karnataka who have expertise in tailoring have been brought to Bangalore Central jail. The products manufactured by them include readymade garments, furniture, agarabathi, sweets like laddus and Mysore pak, detergents, handicrafts and bakery items among others.TELEMEDICINETo handle the shortage of doctors in all the prison hospitals in the state, the department of prisons will tie up with Keonics which has offered to put doctors and nurses on duty in jail and introduce telemedicine facility. As per the proposal, Keonics will install electronic equipment in the jail and computerize the health chart of all inmates. In case of a medical problem, the specialists will advise treatment accessing the patient information available online.Keonics will charge Rs 30 lakh per annum for the service, Gagandeep said. If this becomes successful, the facility will be extended to other jails. \"We have sought powers to appoint doctors on contract basis in jails. The government's approval is awaited,\" the ADGP said.TOILETSThe state government has sanctioned Rs 4.04 crore for the construction of toilets across all prisons in the states. As of now, on an average there is one toilet for every 20 prisoners. When the new toilets are constructed, the ratio is expected to improve to one toilet for every 10 prisoners. The national average is one toilet for six.HANGMAN AVAILABLEGagandeep said 58 prisoners sentenced to death and lodged in Hindalga Central Jail in Belgaum were awaiting the final verdict on their mercy petition from the President of India. The department of prisons is ready to execute the sentence if the President rejects the mercy petitions. The department has also identified a hangman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17081611", "title": "Three youths arrested for thefts in city", "text": "COIMBATORE: Three youths from Rajasthan were arrested in the last two days in connection with a series of burglaries in the city carried out in the past one month. The youths were remanded to judicial custody on Friday night.The accused persons are J Bagavath Singh, 22, S Narendra Kumar, 22, and K Sethan Singh, 23, from Ravethra Village in Rajasthan. Police said the youths were involved in a series of burglaries in the city. The youths targeted commercial establishments in Ram Nagar, NH Road, Saravanampatti, Gandhipuram and Ramanathapuram in the city. M Jayakumar, sub-inspector of police with Kattoor police station, was on night patrol on Thursday late night. He had seen the trio at Patel Road near Ram Nagar in the city. The SI stopped them and conducted an inquiry. He came to know that the three men were returning after looting a hardware shop in Patel Road. The SI alerted the special team who take the trio into their custody.The accused told police that they took an auto from Coimbatore Railway Station and got down at Patel Road to execute the theft. Police traced our place with the help of the auto driver and the men we were trapped in the police net. Police found an iron rod and hacksaw blades at their residence. The trio used to wear gloves to avoid their finger prints at the scene of crime. Police said the trio were involved in series of thefts in the last one month but could not nab them in the absence of their finger prints. Police also seized Rs 30,000 from them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17080998", "title": "Tweak norms, give houses to poor: Centre", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Union housing ministry has urged state governments to amend development control norm to ensure private developers reserve at least 30%-35% of their dwelling units or 15%-20% of floor area ratio (FAR) in each project for economically weaker sections.The ministry is going to make it mandatory for state governments to implement the move to avail massive central fund under the Rajiv Awas Yojana and the Jawaharlal Nehru Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM).\"The state governments have to impress upon civic authorities to make changes in the Master Plans and Zonal Plans for reserving space for EWS category,\" said a ministry official, arguing that move will provide houses for the poor and service providers and also help in checking growth of slums.The proposal is aimed at getting around private developers, who are resisting government's policy to reserve houses for the poor in their projects, as the country is facing massive housing shortage \u00e2\u20ac\u201d pegged at around 18.5 million \u00e2\u20ac\u201d mostly in EWS and low-income group (LIG) segments.\"There should be a norm that either 35% of the dwelling units or 15% of FAR, whichever is higher should be allocated to the EWS,\" said housing minister Ajay Maken .The minister had said the Delhi Master Plan already stipulates this norm, and it would be in the interest of the poor that other states follow the rule.It remains to be seen whether state governments implement the Centre's policy, forcing private players in the realty sector to leave space for the poor and service providers.The past experience has not been all that encouraging as several state governments had refused to implement list of urban reform proposals, including amending the archaic Rent Control Act and repealing the Urban Land Ceiling Act, but still managed to wangle central funds.Private developers focus on high and middle-income housing projects, and are reluctant to build dwelling units for the poor.Even state-controlled housing agencies and civic authorities have neglected low-cost housing, leading to mushrooming of slums in cities and towns.At present, 11% of the total housing units in developed areas are lying vacant \u00e2\u20ac\u201d mainly in middle and upper middle-class category \u00e2\u20ac\u201d even as housing shortage for EWS and LIG segments have been growing exponentially.The ministry is hoping that the Rajiv Awas Yojana will facilitate easy flow of funds to civic bodies and state governments for construction of houses for the poor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "17082937", "title": "Two arrested for firing at trader in Sambalpur", "text": "SAMBALPUR: Police on Saturday arrested two persons in connection with the firing on a rice trader at Gole Bazaar in Sambalpur a day earlier.On Friday, criminals had shot at Sitararam Saha (47) while he was in his shop. Saha sustained bullet injury on his head and was rushed to VSS Medical College and Hospital at Burla. SP (Sambalpur) Nikhil Kanodia informed that Saha's condition was now stable.Also on Saturday, the business community in Gole Bazaar observed a bandh and downed their shutters in protest against the incident. The vegetable market also remained closed.The businessmen alleged that criminals, who attacked had another rice trader on Thursday night with a knife, were involved in the firing incident. They claimed the miscreants demanded extortion money from the rice trader. They had attacked him when he refused to oblige them.\"Extortion has become a regular feature at Gole Bazaar. But, we generally try to avoid trouble by giving a little amount of money to the extortionists,\" said a leading trader in the market. \"However, the traders decided to lodge a police complaint when one of the criminals slapped a businessman for his refusal to pay a bigger amount,\" he said, adding that the firing incident was to trigger fear among traders for daring to lodge a police complaint.The SP appealed to the business community not to panic. \"We have arrested two members of the gang, Asish Singh and Badrinath, and seized the mouser that was used in the incident,\" Kanodia said. Police have launched a manhunt to arrest the other two accused, Sanjib Khandelwal and Md Mused.The business community of the town convened a meeting on Saturday attended by members of Sambalpur Byabasayi Sangh, VSS Merchants' Association and Sambalpur Chamber of Commerce where they demanded round-the-clock police patrolling in Gole Bazaar area and stringent action against the anti-socials involved in the firing. Normal life was affected in the town due to the bandh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17080621", "title": "Kejriwal slams Mulayam for withdrawing case against Amar Singh", "text": "NEW DELHI: Reacting to Uttar Pradesh Police submitting a closure report in a money laundering case against former Samajwadi party leader Amar Singh, India Against Corruption's Arvind Kejriwal called the move ``shameful.''Kejriwal tweeted, \"Money laundering cases withdrawn against Amar Singh? Shameful. Is this criminal justice system? We have to completely overthrow this system.\"In a relief for Amar Singh, the UP Police submitted a closure report in a district court in the three-year-old fraud and embezzlement case against the Rajya Sabha MP, citing lack of evidence.The complaint was lodged by Shivakant Tripathi during the BSP regime in 2009 accusing Singh of misusing his office during his stint as chairman of the Uttar Pradesh Development Council and alleging a scam of Rs 500 crore.Kejriwal added, \"Next Mulayam Singh will withdraw cases against Salman Khurshid. Wait and watch and in return Congress will withdraw cases against Mulayam.\"Kejriwal was referring to reports filed by UP district commissioners pointing out that equipment and aides worth Rs 79 lakh meant for physically disabled people were not distributed, as claimed by Khurshid's NGO.\"Absolutely no hope for India from present politicians. These leaders and the system out to be overthrown New young leaders should take over India,\" he tweeted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17080876", "title": "Obama pulls out all stops to give aid to storm-hit", "text": "WASHINGTON: The unprecedented spectacle of the US military being deployed on Friday to oversee gas supplies to some storm-hit regions signalled the Obama administration's intent to forestall what some are seeing as a 'Katrina moment' for the president.Latest polls show President Barack Obama retains the edge in Tuesday's election, but horror stories still coming out of the New York-New Jersey region, worst-hit by last week's hurricane Sandy, has put fear in the heart of Democrats who are fighting not only to retain the White House but are also scrapping for the Congress, several governorships, and numerous local bodies across the country.The NY-NJ region is still limping back to normalcy a week after Sandy struck, but headlines coming from the region, amplified by conservative media, speak of unbearable misery evocative of what New Orleans went through after hurricane Katrina during the Bush presidency.Among them, people, including the aged and infirm, stranded in high-rise apartment blocks and distant suburbs for days without power, heat, food, and water; desperate folk defecating in hallways; fistfights in mile-long lines at gas stations, some 50% of which were still closed in the region as of Friday night.An alarmed Obama administration and state governments pulled out all stops on Friday to prevent further backlash from a furious public that can hardly believe the world's most advanced country is being found so lacking in organized relief time and again. The country's strategic oil reserves were thrown open and rules and regulations were waived to allow private oil tankers to pour in fuel into the NY-NJ distribution system to stem rioting and price-gouging, amid reports of black-market sales of gas at $15 a gallon in some areas.The most visible sign of the extent of the crisis is the deployment of the American defence department to accelerate fuel supplies.In another unprecedented move, the New York Marathon, among the world's biggest running fiestas, was cancelled for the first time since it began in 1970. Thousands of runners who had come from all over the world were distraught and millions of dollars of revenues to the city was lost, but it was considered inconsequential compared to the misery the city has had to endure.All this has inevitably cast a shadow on the presidential elections that is less than 72 hours away, although much of this vast country remains unaffected by the wretchedness even if is touched by the images from the nation's premier city on its knees. Polls show that President Obama still retains the edge in the Electoral College contests which will determine if he will retain the White House, although his lead in many states has been whittled down.As of the final weekend before Election Day, Politico's analysis put Obama into the White House with a 290-248 win in Electoral College votes, giving him the battleground states of Ohio (18 electoral votes), Wisconsin (10), Colorado (9), Iowa (6), Nevada (6), and New Hampshire (4). Romney was shown winning Florida (29), North Carolina (15), and Virginia (13).All eyes are therefore on the Buckeye state (Ohio's nickname after the local buckeye tree), which has a history of being the pivotal, bellwether state which invariably plays a key role in determining the White House occupant. As long as Obama wins Ohio (latest polls show him ahead in the state by about three points but that is within the margin of error), he is considered safe; for Romney to get to the White House, he has to snatch Ohio and at least one other state from Obama's grasp, although other combinations are also possible.Despite the misery faced by New York and New Jersey they are still considered firmly in Democratic grasp insofar as presidential election and electoral votes are concerned, although there could be drop in popular votes for President Obama.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17081634", "title": "Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation seeks statewide toll fee exemption", "text": "NASHIK: After successfully having all all its buses exempted from toll payment at the Pimpalgaon toll naka, the Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) has decided to pursue the issue for all toll nakas across the state.Officials said that the exemption will help the corporation save rigorous follow-up by Nashik divisional controller of Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) over exemption from toll-payment at Pimpalgaon has resulted in saving of Rs 74 lakh annually.\"We are happy that the Nashik collector, along with highway authority officials and the firm responsible for the road widening of the Gonde- Pimpalgaon stretch on the Mumbai-Agra national highway, have agreed to exempt MSRTC buses from toll payment. This will save us Rs 74 lakh annually,\" MSRTC Chairman Jeevan Gore said adding that the issue will be addressed statewide to ensure that the corporation could save even more.The chariman added that he would take up the issue with the state to ensure that the Mbuses were discounted in the traffic evaluation process itself.\"The public works department undertakes the counting of vehicles for traffic evaluation. We have decided to raise the issue with the government to ensure that the buses are discounted from the process during the evaluation exercise so they could be excluded from the notification governing the built-operate-transfer contract with companies\", Gore said.Divisional controller Kailash Deshmukh said that nearly 200 bus schedules cross the Pimpalgaon toll plaza daily and the services have benefitted the remotest parts of the district.\"We had therefore requested intervention of local representatives into the issue and we are happy that the administration and the highway authorities have taken a positive decision,\" Deshmukh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17083079", "title": "Affiliation-related issues revisited at workshop", "text": "MYSORE: Three issues -- affiliation of colleges to universities, assessment and accreditation of colleges and development of higher education -- were discussed at a workshop on 'Revisiting affiliating system and UGC schemes for development of higher education' at Maharaja College centenary auditorium on Saturday.Speaking at the inaugural, NAAC director H A Ranganath said: \"Many state universities are financially dependent on affiliated colleges. The strength of universities has weakened with the increase in the number of affiliated colleges.\"\"The affiliating system in India has a long history, and has contributed immensely for the development of higher education. In the beginning only 10-20 colleges were affiliated to universities, while it has risen to hundreds now. This has become burden for universities to prepare curriculum and to conduct exams. Affiliation has to be reviewed and rejuvenated,\" he suggested.Ranganath said state universities are the backbone of higher education. \"While concentrating more on PG courses, we are ignoring under graduation courses. PGs cannot alone contribute to higher education. Students must get proper foundation at the UG level,\" he said.Asking University of Mysore authorities to suggest a new model for higher education, he asked them to come out with a proposal to strengthen CDC system, complete with authority, accountability to strengthen education system and bring out new policies.College Development Council director Lingaraja Gandhi said: \"Another area of concern is academic and infrastructural development of colleges. As an alternative, Cluster College System has to be introduced. It is good if an affiliated college grows into an autonomous college, and then into a degree awarding institution.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17081390", "title": "Verodiano award for 'Goa 1556'", "text": "The Vincent Xavier Verodiano Award 2012 will be conferred on 'Goa,1556', founded by journalist Frederick Noronha, on November 5, at 5.30pm, at the Goa Chitra museum, Benaulim. Alito Siqueira, associate professor, department of sociology, Goa University, will be the chief guest at the function, while the guest of honour will be psychiatrist and novelist Dr Belinda Viegas. For further details call on 2772910, 6570877 or email at goachitra@gmail.com.Dandiya Masti at Margao: Dandiya Masti 2012, will be organized at Samrat Gardens, opposite Ravindra Bhavan, Margao, on November 4 from 6pm onwards. It will be an evening with prizes to be won in all age group segments. The event will be organized by RAS, which will showcase the heritage and traditions of Gujarati culture among Goans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17082682", "title": "Runaway urchin \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcshoots\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 to global glory", "text": "KANPUR: Meet Vicky Roy, freelance photographer, whose real life story is literally rags to riches. Vicky, who came to IIT-Kanpur to deliver his talk to students in TEDx, shared with them his experiences, with less than humble beginnings and culminating at name, fame and good money along accolades in US, UK and other countries of the world.A native of Purulia in West Bengal, Vicky ran away to the capital from his home at the age of 11 with Rs 1,000 in his pocket in the year 1999. He used to refill used water bottles on the Delhi railway platform for more than six months before being spotted by an NGO named Salam Balak. Efforts of the Delhi-based NGO helped him go to school.Narrating to the students his life experiences after running away from home, Vicky said, \"I spent life on Delhi railway station selling water bottles. I used to earn Rs 250 a day out of which 200 had to be given to the station 'Dada' (bully). No matter how much I earned he used to give me just Rs 50 daily for food, etc. One day I was spotted by the NGO representatives who talked to me and gave me new clothes and food to eat. I was then admitted to a school.\"He added that he washed utensils at a dhaba (eatery) in Paharganj area in Delhi. With tears in his eyes he recalled the pain of leaving his home.In 2003, he went back home for the first time. His parents did not believe he was alive as they had launched a frantic search for him and even registered a missing FIR with Purulia police.Vicky told the audience how his parents tried to convince him to stay back and not go back to Delhi, but on the pretext of continuing studies he came back. Also, with poor financial condition back home Vicky's parents could not force him to stay back. His father is a tailor.Transformation in Vicky's life came when he learnt the skills of photography from Dixie Benjamin, a British photographer and got opportunity to travel to far-off places like USA, UK, Vietnam, South Africa where he put up his photo exhibition.His love and passion for photography grew so intense he started working hard and it bore fruits. His photo exhibitions were appreciated and art lovers paid him handsome amounts for pictures clicked by him. In 2007, Vicky put up an exhibition named Street Dreams. He also put on display the photo shoot of the ongoing reconstruction work of the World Trade Centre in USA. This exhibition was put up in Mumbai.This life journey of Vicky left the students of IIT-Kanpur motivated at heart. This was a story of person travelling from rags to riches.\"He is 24 years of age now and has both name and fame by his side. He is a successful photographer and has travelled world across. He has put up exhibitions at several places in the world. His life story is moving,\" said Apoorva Goel, a student of IIT-Kanpur. The students of the premier institute were all praise for the ace photographer and his accomplishment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17085878", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcYes, I am getting married\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "Actor Shiva of Tamizh Padam fame is getting married to his long-time girlfriend on November 15. Shiva blushes, \"Priya is the girl. She is an engineering graduate. She is currently working in a Germany-based company in the city. We have been seeing each other for five years and now the time has come to tie the knot. I met her through a common friend in a family function. Then, after regular meetings, we became good friends and later fell in love. She finds me funny. I find her very understanding. We have been having some good fun all these years.\" He adds, \"I should say sorry to all my girl fans if I have broken their hearts!\"Whenever the media reported about his marriage, Shiva repeatedly denied it. Ask him about it and he explains, \"My family is huge and I had to convince many people. I ensured that everybody is happy with the marriage. Also, other things had to fall in place and I was waiting for all that.\" On the wedding preparations, he says, \"I have been shooting for 120 days and have had no time. I haven't even bought my wedding dress yet!\" On a lighter note, he quips, \"Rajini sir got married when he was shooting for Thillu Mullu. I am also getting married during the shooting of Thillu Mullu remake!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17082942", "title": "AI grounds two flights", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: In a severe blow to the city's air connectivity, Air India has decided to stop plying its two flights connecting Bhubaneswar with Kolkata and Chennai from Monday. The bad news comes just ahead of the onset of the peak tourist season.The national carrier issued a circular to all passenger sales agents on November 1 mentioning Air India flight AI-768 / 770 (Kolkata- Bhubaneswar- Kolkata) stands withdrawn with effect from November 5 till further notice. Travel agency booking reservation systems showed Chennai-Bhubaneswar-Chennai flight AI 537 also stands withdrawn from the same date.The AI did not mention any reason for the withdrawal. Sources said the loss-making airline took the decision purely on \"business\" consideration.\"The tourist season has just begun. We are badly hit by Air India's withdrawal of flights to Kolkata and Chennai. It sends a bad signal to the industry at a time when the city is preparing for international connectivity,\" said Travel Agents Association of Odisha (TAAO) president Benjamin Simon.After the public carrier's withdrawal, the city will have just one private carrier flight to Chennai and two to Kolkata. \"We express our serious concern and would request Air India to reconsider their decision and restore flights to Kolkata and Chennai immediately,\" Simon said.Earlier, Air India had withdrawn flights to Hyderabad, Bangalore, Raipur and Varansi from the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "17082940", "title": "Constable sets self on fire", "text": "CUTTACK: A constable deputed at Reserve Police, Cuttack, attempted to commit suicide on Saturday by setting himself on fire. The constable, Suresh Das (38), sustained 40 per cent burn injuries and was admitted to SCB Medical College and Hospital.\"The constable's condition is critical,\" said a doctor at SCB.The exact reason behind the suicide attempt is not known yet, but it is being alleged that Das took the extreme step fearing his transfer to Koraput. Sources claim Das poured kerosene oil and set himself ablaze in front of the office of the Reserve Inspector at Buxibazar. As he was engulfed in flames, officials rushed to douse the flames and then shifted him to the hospital.However, the Odisha Havildar, Constable and Sepoy Mahasangh president Bridaban Pradhan has expressed anguish as the mishap occurred outside the RI's office and nobody tried to restrain Das from taking the extreme step. \"We are in shock as Das tried to commit suicide outside the RI's office at 5.30 pm and nobody restrained him. He took this extreme step fearing his transfer to Koraput,\" said Pradhan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17081588", "title": "Carjackers change tactics: Hit and run with the car", "text": "GURGAON: Three people in a white car hit another car, a Hyundai Verna, heading towards Jaipur on NH-8, forcing it to halt. As the car stopped, the three in the white car came out and asked the passengers of the Hyundai Verna to get out. When they did not, one of the three miscreants shot at one of the passengers and pulled all of them out before fleeing with the car.,With this incident, carjackers seem to have adopted a new modus operandi in Gurgaon.,\"We have lodged an FIR against three unknown miscreants under Sections 392/ 397/ 307 IPC and the Arms Act. The injured victim, who received a bullet injury between his neck and shoulder, was admitted to Park Hospital in Gurgaon. The doctors said that he was out of danger. We will arrest the accused as early as possible,\" said Babu Lal, SHO, Bilaspur police station. ,The incident took place near Sidhrawli village late on Friday night. The victims were identified as 45-year-old Irshad, a resident of Muzaffarnagar, and his nephew Usman. They were in Hyundai Verna on they were on their way to Jaipur.,\"After stopping the car, the carjackers got into it. They locked it from inside and started abusing the passengers, but out of fear they did not open the car window.In the meantime, one of the vehicle lifters opened fire on Usmaan. After a heated argument, they pushed the victims out of the Hyundai car and fled with it,\" said Irshad.,\"The victims could not identify the carjackers' %car beyond recalling its %colour, white, and they couldn't manage to note down the car's registration number. We are investigating the matter and the accused will be behind bars as early %as possible,\" said SHO, Bilaspur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17083180", "title": "BJP blows the poll bugle, anti-Cong campaign soon", "text": "MANGALORE: The BJP has started its campaign for the upcoming assembly elections highlighting corruption charges against the Congress and the UPA government. N Yogish Bhat, deputy speaker of the state assembly inaugurated a district-level leaders' meet here on Saturday.BJP state vice-president K Banu Prakash said the party will launch mass campaign across the state with the slogan 'Congress hatao, desh bachao'.\"Leaders' meet will be held at 36 places in the state till November 5. Special meetings will be held in each assembly constituencies from November 10 and 20. Meanwhile, booth-level party workers' conventions will be held from November 21 to 30. It was decided at a national convention of the party that all scams of the UPA government will be the focus of next elections. Awareness will be created among people on various scams occurred during the UPA government's tenure,\" he told reporters on the sidelines of a district-level leadership meet.Earlier at the meet, BJP SC Morcha state president Krishna Murthy claimed BJP is a role model for all other parties when it comes to upliftment of dalits and backward communities in the state.Yogish Bhat said the state government is contemplating introducing Right to Health scheme in the state to offer free medical facilities to all BPL family members.Complaint against MPBanu Prakash said that the statement of BJP Lok Sabha member from Tumkur constituency GS Basavaraj against the party leadership is baseless. \"Basavaraj has made baseless allegations against the RSS and BJP leaders. He has gone to the extent of calling the party national president a 'vachanabrashta' (betrayer). The state committee should hold a disciplinary meet and submit a report against Basavaraj to the central committee,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17081790", "title": "Mr Singh modelling contest held", "text": "BHOPAL: The quarterfinal of Mr Singh International 2012, Turban Pride modelling competition was held in the state capital on Saturday, the competition went on till late on Saturday.The participants had to compete in four rounds in the competition including fitness, traditional attire, royal attire and talent.The chief guests for the event were Manjit Singh (ex-Jathedar of Sri Akal Takht Sahib) and Jaswinder Singh, former member of Shiromani Gurudwara Pabandhak Committee (SGPC). The judges on the other hand were Parampal Singh from Sydney and Harmeet Singh.Traditional dances like Giddha and Bhangra were also performed at the occasion.The focus is now on the turban and the hair combined, as Sikhs need to keep their hair intact and should not shave off according to the Sikh religious laws, said the organisers. Also members of MP Khalsa Youth Wing were present. Turban pride movement was initiated by Akaal Purkh Ki Fauj in 2005, the organization holding the competition.Advocate Jasvinder Singh, who heads the organisation, expressed that, \"when we initiated Mr Singh International in 2005, it was a challenge, as all movies showed Sikhs as comical characters and young boys who wanted to be in media left their turbans to join the industry. It really hurt the community but nothing could be done.\"\"We initiated and took over to organise first Mr Singh International pageant with lots of hurdles and battles. But its success energised our body and souls to take it forward. Now in 2012 every consecutive year this event is organised and many youths wait to be part of it,\" he said.The quarterfinal round on Saturday saw participation from Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra, Karnataka, Gujarat and Andhra Pradesh states while the semi-final round will be held in Nagpur on November 22.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17081285", "title": "Youth hurt himself while slashing girl\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s face", "text": "MUMBAI: Prashant Hule, who was arrested for slashing the face of a college student at Parel on Friday, was so nervous that he sliced some of his own fingers in the process.Hule had carried out the attack on the girl, Mona Chaudhary, at the behest of his friend, Sunil Hingire. Mona had screamed at Hingire on Thursday after he accidentally pushed her and the 'humiliation' drove the latter to plot revenge.\"We have also booked Hingire as he abetted the assault and our team is looking for him,\" said zonal deputy commissioner Dattatreya Karale. Hingire and Hule are neighbours at Dharavi. \"On Friday, the duo boarded a local train to Dadar station and then got into a share cab to reach Parel. After getting off at E Moses Road, they waited for Mona to come by,\" Karale said. Mona, who studies baking at Dr Shirdokar College nearby, was taken by surprise when Hule suddenly appeared in front of her and slashed her face four times. Hule then tried to flee but passersby overpowered him. Hingire mingled with the crowd and escaped.\"Hule worked as an electrician with a private company and drew a salary of Rs 4,000 a month. He does not have a crime record,\" another official said.Mona's family said she underwent plastic surgery on her face at the KEM Hospital and has been summoned again on Thursday. \"Mona has denied screaming at Hingire on Thursday. She had never seen Hule or Hingire ever before,\" a relative said. Mona's uncle said her face had been caked with blood, as she called up her family. \"She somehow managed to give her statement to the police,\" he said.On Saturday, Hule was remanded in police custody till November 6 by a metropolitan court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "17081536", "title": "Mumbai crime branch takes Ashpaq Bengre into custody", "text": "CALANGUTE: Sleuths from the CID, crime branch, Mumbai, took custody of alleged notorious criminal Ashpaq Abbas Bengre from the Calangute police station on Saturday evening.An assistant police inspector of the CID crime branch, Mumbai, who led the four-member police team from Mumbai, told STOI they were taking Bengre into their custody in connection with a case registered at the Chembur police station in 2007.Bengre had been arrested on March 6, 2007, for committing armed robbery in Chembur. He had subsequently been released on bail following which he had been absconding.After obtaining custody of Bengre, the Mumbai police team handcuffed him and drove away in an Innova car to Mumbai on Saturday evening following the issuance of a transfer warrant. He had been booked under Sections 399, 402 of the Indian Penal Code read with 3, 4, 5, 25 of the Arms Act, besides provisions of the Bombay Police Act.The notorious criminal, who has been based in Betim over the last few years and who was wanted in a number of cases relating to extortion, murder, attempt to murder in Goa, was nabbed by a Calangute police team on Thursday from the criminal court premises in Mapusa when he appeared in another case where he had been absconding.Bengre was taken into custody and produced in the judicial magistrate first class court on Friday where he was remanded into police custody for one day till Saturday to enable the Mumbai police team to take his custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17081309", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcWomen, kids become easy prey at Aarey\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "MUMBAI: Seeta Paange (52), who was killed by a leopard in Aarey Milk Colony on Friday, may have been attacked as she was crouching to relieve herself. Leopards are known to attack small children and people crouching near vegetation as they fall within the animal's field of vision. The incident once again brings to the fore the man-animal conflict playing out at the Sanjay Gandhi National Park (SGNP).Krishna Tiwari, founder, forest and wildlife conservation centre, said women and children are soft targets in Aarey. \"Aarey Milk Colony is close to the southern tip of SGNP. The vegetation there used to be lush with good forest cover, but in the past 7-8 years infrastructure development has eaten up green patches in the area. Aarey and Powai provide a buffer to SGNP. Leopards are most active between dusk and dawn,\" Tiwari said.\"From 2000 to 2005, SGNP has seen at least 100 leopard attacks, 80% of which were on women and children. Paange was attending nature's call around 10pm. When a leopard spots someone crouching near bushes, it may mistake the person to be prey and attack them,\" he added.On Saturday, Paange's family and neighbours staged a protest against the leopard attack. Paange was a resident of Sai Bangurda near the Royal Palms gate. Forest officials have installed two cages at the site after the attack. \"Though we have been calling them since Friday night, forest officials arrived at the spot only around 4pm on Saturday,\" said Paange's elder son, Ramesh.Officials pointed out that the hutments where the incident took place are just 100m from the SGNP boundary.\"There is a boundary wall, but not a continuous one. It is very patchy,\" said GT Chavan, deputy conservator of forests, adding, \"The hutments are, hence, not part of the SGNP rehabilitation plan.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17086110", "title": "Bombay HC disposes trademark infringement suit filed by Cottage Industries Exposition", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court disposed of a copyright infringement suit filed by Cottage Industries Exposition Limited against Asian Arts Emporium and another after the Emporium said that it had stopped using the impugned trademark 'CIE'.The Cottage Industries Exposition had filed the suit last year against the use of its trademark \"cie\" by the Asian Arts Emporium on its goods. It said that its intellectual property rights were infringed. The counsel for Asian Arts recently informed Justice S J Kathawalla who heard the dispute that Asian Arts had now \" discontinued using the impugned mark.''The counsel also said that Asian Arts has already \" destroyed all the goods, articles, labels, stationery, containers, dyes and things bearing the impugned mark 'cie', and that nothing is left to deliver up to the Plaintiffs (Cottage Industries Exposition Ltd) for destruction. \" The judge said, \"The statement is accepted as an undertaking given to this Court. \" The HC granted part relief to the Cottage Industries Exposition which then did not press for damages as claimed earlier. The HC then disposed of the suit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17082389", "title": "Airport terminals now face a steep problem", "text": "CHENNAI: The Airports Authority of India's plan to open its new terminals has hit a new stumbling block - an unusually steep ramp into the basement through which baggage has to be shifted.The new steel and glass domestic and international terminal buildings have been designed in such a way that passenger baggage will be handled in the basement area. Bags checked in by passengers will be moved to the basement for transfer to the planes and bags from aircraft will be brought to the basement to be transferred to baggage conveyors for arriving passengers to pick up. Ramps are constructed from the basement to the ground level through which trolleys will be driven to transfer bags in and out of the terminal buildings.Sources said that the ramps were unusually steep that tractors and vehicles used to pull the trolleys found it difficult to get in and out of the baggage handling area. \"During trials we found that wheels of the vehicles were skidding on the ramp and drivers were finding it difficult to negotiate the slope with the load. It will be impossible to open the terminals without redressing this issue,\" said a source.Airlines Operators Committee (AOC) has taken up the issue with the Airports Economic Regulatory Authority (AERA). \"This is a design flaw. The AAI should have consulted the airlines before they started the work. Now, we have a ramp that cannot be used by ground handlers and airlines. It is not fair to increase charges and slap user development fee on passengers without offering proper facilities,\" said an official.Airport director H S Suresh said the ramps had to be made steep because of space constraint. \"Airlines find it difficult because many of them use low-powered farm tractors to transport bags. Modern vehicles used by Bhadra International are able to pull the load. Steps are being taken to keep everything ready by December for the inauguration of the terminals,\" he said.Airlines, including Air India, use farm tractors to transport baggage between planes and terminals. Air India does ground handling for most of the international carriers. Even modern vehicles brought by Bhadra International were struggling to drive down the ramp, said an airline official. Mumbai and Kolkata airports too have ramps to the basement but they are not as steep as the ones at Chennai airport.AAI has taken steps to meet other operational requirements demanded by airlines including aerobridges, inline baggage systems and commercial establishments inside the terminals. Tenders have been floated for installing eight new inline baggage scanners and food courts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17081324", "title": "VC misguided Guv on PhD, claims Senate member in House", "text": "NAGPUR: Serious allegations of \"misrepresentation of facts\" against the vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal rocked Nagpur University's Senate meeting on Saturday. Presenting documentary proof in the House during a call attention notice, senior member Dinesh Agrawal claimed that Sapkal had misled chancellor K Sankaranarayanan's office about the year in which he received his PhD.Agrawal alleged that Sapkal in his bio-data has given 1987 as the year in which he received his doctoral degree. The documents, including a copy of Sapkal's degree certificates that were handed over to the media by Agrawal, clearly shows that the VC got his PhD in chemical engineering from IIT Powai on July 27, 1988. Also the IIT Senate had approved the conferment of PhD on the same date.However, his biodata posted on the NU website mentions that he received PhD in 1987. Interestingly, the same was mentioned as 1988 in Amravati University's website. TOI on July 20 had first highlighted this issue citing Agrawal's letter to the VC pointing out these discrepancies in dates. Still he has failed to take cognisance of the same. Pro-VC Mahesh Yenkie, who was in the chair due to VC's absence, rejected the call attention notice after taking it on record stating that it can't be discussed in the member's absence.Sapkal, who is in Mumbai to attend a meeting on examination reforms convened by the chancellor, categorically denied allegations questioning the motive of Agrawal. \"IIT provided 'Date of Defence' before awarding actual degree. I got this on December 28, 1987, while actual degree was conferred on July 27, 1988. But we can use both the dates and there is nothing wrong in it. They are misusing RTI by making personal allegations,\" he said.Citing another document, Agrawal claimed that even while applying for the post of professor in Amravati University in 1994, he had mentioned that he was conferred PhD in 1988. He further alleged that while Sapkal was doing his PhD from IIT he used to get stipend as a research scholar on the condition that he was not employed any where else. However, he had failed to notify the IIT administration that he was an employee of Ion Exchange India Limited and was getting Rs3,500 per month as salary along with perks. \"Hence, he illegally took benefits from the IIT,\" Agrawal claimed.Sapkal questioned Agrawal's own achievements and flayed him for failing to implement semester system in last ten years. \"Once PhD is submitted, our scholarship is stopped and there is nothing wrong in I joining Ion Exchange after that. They are up to malign my as well as NU's image which will ultimately a loss to the students fraternity,\" he said, adding that he will take strict action against Agrawal.The former dean of engineering department further claimed that Amravati University had given undue benefits to Sapkal. AU officials waived the mandatory requirement of teaching experience while appointing him as professor in chemical engineering. The appointment panel headed by the then AU VC appointed him to the post even though the other candidate SD Dawande had more teaching experience. In return for the favour Sapkal after becoming VC offered Dawande plum post and recently elevated him as director of LIT superseding many senior lecturers.\"How can one forget the year in which he got PhD? It seems to be a deliberate act and needs to be enquired or else VC should come clear on this,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "17081257", "title": "Kidnapped boy rescued within hours", "text": "GHAZIABAD: An 11-year-old boy was kidnapped from outside his residence at Shalimar Garden here at 5:30pm on Saturday. Police were alerted immediately and the boy was rescued after a high-speed chase.While the car in which the boy was picked up was seized by the police, the three kidnappers managed to escape.Harsh Sinha, a Class VI student, was playing outside his house at the time of the kidnapping. His father is a manager at a private company.The child told police that the three men hit him with a car jack, inflicting a minor injury on his head. \"A Nano pulled up outside his house and the occupants sped away after dragging him inside. Some locals chased the car on their bikes,\" said a cop.The kidnappers then headed towards Nand Nagri area in Delhi. They took a sudden U-turn towards Ghaziabad to throw their pursuers off the scent, police said . On entering Ghaziabad, made for Mohan Nagar road towards the old Hindon-bridge.By this time, police had joined in the chase. \"We identified the car with the help of the description given by onlookers. On seeing us, the kidnappers turned towards an under-construction bridge but met with a dead end,\" said Arvind Yadav, CO Border.Police said the kidnappers abandoned the vehicle and the child, and melted into the thick vegetation along Hindon. The boy was reunited with his family in about an hour.The accused left several bottles of alcohol and a bag inside the car. \"A case of abduction has been registered at Sahibabad police station. We are on the lookout for the kidnappers,\" said Yadav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17086744", "title": "Cheteshwar Pujara, Hiken Shah help Mumbai A inch their way back", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbai A crawled their way back in the afternoon session against a disciplined England bowling, reaching 110 for two on the second day the three-day warm-up game at the DY Patil Stadium on Sunday.The home team garnered 36 runs in 15 overs in the first hour and 31 runs in 16 overs in the second for the loss of Shikhar Dhawan (27) after resuming at the lunchtime score of 43 for 1 in 18 overs.At tea, England were still 235 runs behind the visitors first innings total of 345 for 9 declared with Cheteshwar Pujara (38)and Hiken Shah (30) the two unbeaten batsmen.Pujara batted the entire session to add 24 runs to his lunch score of 14. In all, he hit just three fours.The Saurashtra batsman's innings was not authoritative, as he hardly took any risks and was also lucky to be given a life on 22.The other unbeaten batsman was the diminutive left-hander Hiken Shah. He has batted for close to two hours. Left-handed Dhawan was sent back by part-time off break bowler Joe Root.Dhawan was not troubled much by the rival pace attack, but was also content to bide his time till he became overambitious to try for a second four against Root by trying to cut off the back foot and was consumed in slip by James Anderson.His knock came off 59 balls and 80 minutes and had 5 fours in it.But Anderson later let off Pujara at the same position off Monty Panesar , the left-arm spinner.Panesar, who has the distinction of taking Sachin Tendulkar as his first Test victim, was unlucky not to have had the wicket of the number three batsman, who edged a sharply turning ball to Anderson which eluded the fielder's grasp and raced away for a four.After the escape, Pujara totally eschewed risks after having shown some sort of aggression in the pre-lunch session, driving and cutting the bowlers for a few boundaries.In the morning, Mumbai A dismissed three England batsmen quickly while conceding just seven runs before the visitors declared their first innings closed.The batsmen dismissed this morning after England resumed at 338 for six were overnight not out batsmen Samit Patel (60), stand-in captain Stuart Broad (6) and Graham Onions (0).England declared at 345 for 9 after 34 minutes of play and in the remaining time to lunch Mumbai A made 43 for the loss of opener Bhavin Thakkar (5 in 38 balls).Earlier, Mumbai A new ball bowlers Shardul Thakur and Kshemal Waingankar polished off three tourists batsmen for the addition of seven runs.Thakur bagged two of the three wickets that fell before England declared their innings closed at the fall of Graham Onions to Thakur in the last ball of the eighth over.Thakur, who finished with 3 for 53, sent back left-handed Broad, who fell leg before, and Onions, who was caught behind, in the space of 12 balls.Waingankar packed off overnight unbeaten batsman Samit Patel, who added just one run, to add to the two wickets he grabbed on Saturday for innings figures of three for 72.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17083298", "title": "A club to rekindle students' interest in science", "text": "HUBLI: To review the interest in core science subjects, which is fast diminishing among students, KLE's English Medium School in Manjunath Nagar set up a Science Club year ago.The well-equipped club generates and promotes interest in science through real-time experiments that explore the utility of science in daily life. The efforts seem to have worked out with several students showing keen interest in the experiments and deriving inspiration from it to pursue careers in science.The club features various science models created by students and science graduates, models of experiments carried out by several scientists including Einstein, Newton and other inventions by eminent scientists. Models of solar exploration, soil erosion, effects of global warming, scientific reasons for volcano, functioning of various systems of the body are part of the club's collections.This apart, charts containing botanical names of various flowers, species are hung on the walls of the club.Students are encouraged to make PowerPoint presentations on topics like global warming, soil erosion, conservation of natural resources etc in club.\"To hone the skills of students and to keep them abreast with the latest developments, quiz competitions and group discussions on science are conducted regularly,\" Catherine Dinesh, Prinicpal, KLE'S English Medium School told TOI. Naveen Kumar KM, a science teacher, said: \"We regularly conduct lectures on topics like health and hygiene. Every day, students not only from our school but also from other schools visit the club.\"Sharath Rao, a Class IX student, said: \"I used to hate science thinking it was difficult to comprehend. But when I started frequenting the science club, I also developed interest in science.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17081619", "title": "Three arrested over 20-year-old's suicide", "text": "Nashik Road police have arrested three persons, Ravi Kumavat (25), Valmik Kumavat (50) and Mangalabai Kumavat (45), following a complaint against them for provoking Sunita Kumavat (20) to commit suicide. In a complaint lodged by Dada Baban Kumavat of Beldarwadi, Chalisgaon, the three accused allegedly harassed Sunita following which she hung herself on Thursday and died at a local hospital on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17085994", "title": "Ayushmann Khurrana\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Rajma chawal", "text": "My earliest food experienceI have faint memories of a dahi ki sabzi my grandmom cooked. It was a simple two- minute prep dish.My favourite cuisineI love Mughlai and of course, Punjabi food.My favourite recipeThere is nothing quite so soul soothing as maa ke hath ka rajma chawal!Staying away from home I miss...Especially during Navratras, I miss mom's halwa poori...When I am on a tour, I eat...Light. Since I don't get home-cooked food, I don't feel like indulging in anything else. The best meal I have ever eatenApart from ghar ka khana, chicken curry at Paal Dhaba in Chandigarh, paneer naan with gravy at Giani ka Dhaba in Dharampur and Murugan idli in Chennai are my favourites.I have a sweet tooth for...Oh! I love all Indian sweets. I love rasgullas, imarti, falooda-kulfi, halwa, the list goes on...Out on a dinner date...I don't mix romance and food. I have to be well fed before making any mushy conversation.Does being an actor mean you can't eat what you like?Not for me. I'm a crazy hogger and a crazy jogger! So I eat everything and burn it.What does your daily diet constitute?My daily diet constitutes everything from fruits, juices, egg whites to high-carb rice and rotis. I don't restrict myself when it comes to food. I'm also blessed with a good metabolism.One country that serves heavenly foodApart from India, Thai street food is to die for!Ayushmann Khurrana's Rajma chawalIngredientsRajma or red kidney beans:1\u00c2\u00bd cup, Chana dal:1 tbsp, Onions: 2, Ginger: 1 inch, Garlic: 8 flakes, Tomatoes: 3 (pureed), Bay leaf:1, Black cardamom:1 (only seeds needed), Cloves: 2, Turmeric powder: \u00c2\u00bc tsp, Coriander powder: 3 tsp, Red chilli powder:1 tsp, Amchur powder: \u00c2\u00bc tsp, Garam masala: \u00c2\u00bd tsp, Curd: \u00c2\u00bd cup (beaten well), Coriander: 2 tbsp, Oil: 2 tbsp, salt to tasteMethodSoak rajma and chana d al overnight, then cook them in a pressure cooker with a little salt.Grind onion, ginger and garlic to paste. Heat oil in a kadhai and add bay leaf, black cardamom seeds and clove.Add onion, ginger and garlic paste and fry till it turns golden brown.Reduce heat and add turmeric powder, coriander powder, chilli powder, amchur and garam masala. Stir the ingredients for about two minutes. Add tomato puree and cook in medium flame till tomatoes turn dry and oil separates.Reduce heat and add beaten curd to it and stir continuously till the masala turns red.Now strain the rajma and chana dal and keep the stock aside.Add them to the kadhaiand stir-fry on medium flame for 2-3 minutes, mashing occasionally.Add the rajma stock and salt according to your taste and let it cook for 5 minutes.Remove from fire, garnish with coriander leaves and serve with steam rice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17081839", "title": "Maritime experts point to holes in coastal security", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: According to maritime experts, MT Pratibha Cauvery, a private vessel that was grounded off Chennai coast, is one amongst the many cases in the recent past when the coastal authorities woke up late and blamed the crew members as they were unable to handle the situation.In many cases, poor crew members got caught between the bureaucratic red tape and callous ship owners who refuse to acknowledge their plight. \"We have been in constant touch with the crew members of Pratibha Cauvery, and they say that they have been treated like criminals even though the ship got grounded due to no fault of theirs,\" said Shantaram Dhamapurkar, organizing secretary, National Union of Seafarers of India (NUSI).It is high time the government frames a comprehensive marine disaster management policy, which will treat ship-wrecked sailors as real victims who have encountered a near-death-like situation and are yet to come out of the emotional trauma. \"We understand that they need to be questioned especially when the crew come from different parts of the world. But they should be allowed to meet their relatives or friends so that they can deal with the trauma of being stranded in mid-sea for days together,\" says Dhamapurkar.Many times the coastal authorities do not follow up with the ship owners to remove the vessels that have been grounded and this not only blocks the ship's channel but also results in release of toxic waste from the rusting hull of the ships. The two major accidents that occurred off Mumbai coast are classic examples. In August 7, 2010, a cargo ship, MV Khalija-3, collided with the container vessel MSC Chitra, 30 nautical miles off the Mumbai port. But, delay in removing the ship resulted in another mishap in March 19, 2001 when the ship drifted and its anchor damaged it even further.\"The problem gets aggravated if the vessel is damaged to such an extent that she needs to be scrapped. The owners try to abandon it or delay towing it away to a ship breaking yard as it is expensive. The result is that it will eventually drown and pose a greater hazard to other ships,\" says a senior coast guard official from Mumbai. Environmentalists also point out that the oil spill from stranded vessels destroys rich marine resources, which many times cannot be gauged immediately. \"The oil slick from the two ships, MS Chitra and Khalijia 3, that collided off Mumbai destroyed more than 300 hectares of mangroves as it lapped the Elephanta coast in a couple of months following the mishap,\" says Dr Deepak Apte, deputy director, Bombay Natural History Society.Maritime experts said MT Pratibha Cauvery, a private vessel that was grounded off Chennai coast, is one amongst the many cases in the recent past when the coastal authorities woke up late and then put the blame on crew members as they were unable to handle the situation.They say that in many cases, poor crew members got caught in between the bureaucratic red tape and callous ship owners who refuse even to acknowledge the plight of the crew.\"We have been in constant touch with the crew members of Pratibha Cauvery, and they say that they have been treated like criminals even though the ship got grounded due to no fault of theirs,'' says organising secretary Shantaram Dhamapurkar, National Union of Seafarers of India (NUSI).He said that it is high time that the government framed a comprehensive marine disaster management policy which will treat ship -wrecked sailors more humanly and see them as real victims who have encountered a near-death like situation and have yet to come out of the emotional trauma.\"We understand that they need to be questioned especially when the crew comes from different parts of the world. But they should be allowed to meet their relatives and friends so that they get out of the trauma of being stranded in mid- sea for days together,'' he said.Experts said that many a times the coastal authorities do not follow up with the ship owners to remove the vessels that have been grounded and this not only blocks the ship's channel but even release toxic waste from the rusting hull of the ships.The two major accidents that occurred off Mumbai coast are classic examples. In August 7, 2010, a cargo ship MV Khalija-3 collided with the container vessel MSC Chitra, 30 nautical miles off the Mumbai port. However, delay in removing the ship from the ship's channel resulted in another mishap in March 19, 2001 when the ship drifted and its anchor damaging it even further.\"The problem gets aggravated if the vessel is damaged to such an extent that she needs to be scrapped. The owners will then try to abandon the ship or delay towing away the vessel to a ship breaking yard as it becomes an expensive affair. The result is it will eventually drown and pose a greater hazard to navigation route for other ships,'' says a senior coast guard official from Mumbai.Environmentalists also point out that the oil spill from stranded vessels destroys rich marine resources, which many a time cannot be gauged immediately.\"The oil slick from the two ships, M S Chitra and Khalijia 3,that collided off Mumbai destroyed more than 300 hectares of mangroves as it lapped the Elephanta coast in a couple of months following the mishap,'' says Dr Deepak Apte, deputy director of Bombay Natural History Society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17083953", "title": "NR to run tri-weekly special train", "text": "LUCKNOW: In order to clear the extra rush of passengers during the festival season, Northern Railway will run a tri-weekly festival special train number 04504/04503 Chandigarh-Varanasi Special. Train number 04504 Chandigarh-Varanasi tri-weekly special will depart from Chandigarh on every Monday, Thursday and Saturday from November 5 till December 1 at 11.15 p.m. to reach Varanasi at 05.30 p.m. the next day. In the return direction, train number 04503 will depart from Varanasi on every Tuesday, Friday and Sunday from November 6 to December 2 at 09.10 p.m. to reach Chandigarh at 02.30 p.m. the next day.The train will consist of one AC III tier, six sleeper class, nine general class and two second class cum luggage van coaches. The train will stop at Ambala Cantt, Jagadhari, Saharanpur, Moradabad, Bareilly, Lucknow and Sultanpur stations enroute in both directions.On the other hand, movement of trains between Burhwal-Sitapur stations of Lucknow division will be affected due to megablock. Passengers trains between Sitapur Cantt-Burhwal and Gonda-Sitapur Cantt stand cancelled for November 4, 18 and 25. To make it convenient for passengers, Railways will run a special train number 05045 between Gonda and Burhwal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17083094", "title": "NEET to be held in six centres", "text": "MYSORE: All states have given their nod for the approval of National Eligibility-cum-Entrance Test (NEET), which will come into effect next year, said medical education minister S A Ramdas here on Saturday.Speaking to mediapersons here, the minister said during a meeting of health and medical education ministers in Delhi, Tamil Nadu (which had initially opposed NEET) has also given its approval. In Karnataka, NEET exams will be held in six centres, including Mysore. Question papers will also be in Kannada to help students from rural and those taught in Kannada.Ramdas said that the Bill - that mandates one year rural service for fresh MBBS graduates -- is all set to get President's consent in a week's time. \"Union health minister will take up the issue with the President. Once it gets the consent, there will be 2,500 fresh graduates available every year for rural service. Among them, 1,500 belong to other states as they come under all-India quota and they can opt to work in rural areas of the respective states, if not here, for a monthly stipend of Rs 40,000,\" he said. Seven north-eastern states, which are facing a scarcity of doctors, are expected to benefit from this.Speaking on the new medical colleges proposed in the state, he said they will cost Rs 1,400 crore, of which the Centre will bear Rs 1,100 crore, while the state's share is Rs 300 crore.Approval has been given for starting centres of holistic integrated medicine at KR Hospital (Mysore), Vani Vilas Hospital (Bangalore), and Kims (Hubli). The government has sanctioned Rs 1.22 crore for the purpose. A centre unit worth Rs 60 crore will come up in KR Hospital premises, for which the centre would give Rs 50 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17080955", "title": "LPG refill delayed? Dealer may be fined", "text": "NEW DELHI: Soon, cooking gas dealers will have to pay a fine if they fail to deliver a refill within 48 hours of booking. This is one of the provisions the oil ministry is working on for inclusion in the revised marketing guidelines for state-run fuel retailers.Ministry sources said the exercise is aimed at addressing complaints from consumers about hardships and harassment at the dealer level while going through the verification process of their connections - also called KYC, or know your customer.\"We have received complaints regarding the ordeal being faced by LPG (liquefied petroleum gas) from various quarters. It is a fact that KYC process has put consumers to a great deal of hardship. We are aiming to cut red tape to improve service and empower consumers,\" a senior ministry official said.\"The refreshed guidelines would also spell out steps and measure already in place but not enforced rigorously because either they don't figure in the norms or there's not much awareness about them. Inclusion in the guidelines would ensure stricter enforcement and improve consumer interface with dealers,\" he added.The KYC campaign aims at weeding out bogus consumers with multiple connections. This is the key to the success of the government's plan to plug exploitation of subsidy and reduce government's financial burden. But widespread consumer complaints and political protests over the annual six-cylinder cap on the number of subsidized cylinders for each household has forced a government relook.The official said delayed delivery was one of the most common complaints, especially in non-metros. \"The modality of the dealer penalty is under discussion. We are not looking at slapping a fine for each case of delayed delivery. It may be graded on the line of, say, if more than 10-20% of a dealer's deliveries are found to be late,\" he added.The refreshed marketing guidelines would make it simple for a consumer, during h/his lifetime, to transfer a connection to another family member. It would also make it easier to transfer a connection in one's name, if s/he is a legal heir, after the death of the person in whose name the connection was originally issued. The revised guidelines would also simplify the processes for surrendering, regularizing or reactivating blocked/dormant connections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "17081457", "title": "Animal Rescue Squad rescues two-feet-long crocodile, injured calf", "text": "MAPUSA: In two separate rescue missions, NGO Animal Rescue Squad (ARS) rescued a crocodile measuring two-feet long at Dhargalim and a calf which had fallen in to an open drain at Navelim.A crocodile caused a major scare when it was found near the residence of Sadanand Sakhalkar at Gaowada Dhargalim in Pernem taluka. The locals informed the NGO, which dispatched John Fernandes and Krishna Anenawar of ARS to the site to rescue the reptile.\"We caught the crocodile using a snare, in a two-hour rescue operation,\" said Fernandes.The reptile was handed over to officials of the forest department. The crocodile is said to have come from the nearby rivulet and had not attacked any human.In another rescue mission, a calf which had fallen in to an open drain at Navelim around seven days ago was rescued by Fernandes and his team. \"We got a call reporting that an injured calf had fallen in to an open drain at Navelim. We took the calf to the animal husbandry hospital in Panaji , where Dr Mervin Lopez performed the necessary surgery on the calf,\" Fernandes said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17081347", "title": "Cotton procurement to pick up after Diwali", "text": "NAGPUR: The state-run agencies like the Cotton Federation and the Cotton Corporation of India are yet to open procurement centres in the cotton belt of Vidarbha. As a result cultivators desperately in need of cash for festive spending are falling prey to unfair practices of private traders and selling the produce at rates lower than the minimum support price (MSP) fixed by the government. Already 3.50 lakh quintals have been procured through this 'kheda' route in which traders visit the farms and collect at lower rates.Looking at the prices of over Rs4000 per quintal of raw cotton ruling last year, the government has this year upped the MSP to Rs3960 for long staple best variety and Rs3880 for the average quality. But there are reports that farmers are selling at below MSP rates to traders visiting the farms to get some early returns.However, joint managing director of Maharashtra State Co-operative Cotton Growers Marketing Federation DG Philip said that the market arrivals were expected to pick up only after Diwali this year because of delayed crop cycle caused by late arrival of monsoon. He said that the federation is ready to open 109 procurement centres anytime now. \"The staff is ready and tenders from ginning and processing mills have been cleared. The has already started 55 centres to buy at MSP but with prices in open market ruling between Rs4000 and Rs4300 there is little chance of farmers selling at below MSP at CCI or federation centres,\" said Philip.\"Farmers are at the mercy of private players who want to buy the crop at throwaway prices,\" said Vidarbha Jan Andolan Samiti president Kishore Tiwari. He said that with severe crop damage because of irregular rains, farmers in Washim, Yavatmal and Wardha had lost around 50% of the crop. \"They are not expecting more than two quintals an acre yield while the input cost was around Rs10,000 an acre this year. This means for the third consecutive year, farmers will have to bear heavy losses. This will adversely affect the country's agricultural growth. It is time for government intervention to bail out farmers. The state should declare a 'political price' for cotton of at least Rs4500 a quintal,\" said Tiwari.In a contrasting projection, Philip claimed that though the crop was delayed, the yield may not be less than last year's when a record 400 lakh quintals or 80 lakh bales were grown in Maharashtra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17081746", "title": "Centre can't ignore voice of 100 million people: Nitish Kumar", "text": "PATNA: When thousands of hands will be raised at Gandhi Maidan during Adhikar Rally on Sunday in favour of the demand for special category status to Bihar, the Centre cannot ignore the voice of millions of people of the backward state, believes chief minister Nitish Kumar .\"The issue is now embedded in the mind and heart of over 100 million people of the state and it has united Biharis. Every section of the society has come around to support this demand because they have realized that special status is linked to a better future of next generation. This is not a political campaign but a mission,\" the CM said on Saturday, adding, \"I am confident that Bihar will get justice with the backing of its 10.5 crore people.\"Rejecting the objections of his rivals, Nitish said the demand for special category status was first raised in 2006 when the state legislature had passed a unanimous resolution and sent it to the centre. \"Before that, all the parties had been demanding special package only,\" he said.The state politicians and economists believe that Bihar has always been discriminated against, be it infrastructure development, industrialization, central allocation or other fronts. But the bifurcation of the state on November 15, 2000 made things worse as all the industries and mineral wealth of the state went to the newly created Jharkhand.\"Bihar has been compelled to demand special category status to overcome its backwardness,\" said JD-U MP from Patliputra, Ranjan Prasad Yadav. He squarely blamed the RJD supremo, Lalu Prasad, for the sorry state of affairs in Bihar. \"The person who used to swear that Bihar could be bifurcated only over his dead body got a resolution passed from the state legislature for creation of Jharkhand in April 2000,\" he said. The state legislature's resolution was mandatory for the formation of a new state, as per Article 3 of the Constitution.Almost 70% of the revenue of erstwhile Bihar was generated from its 18 southern districts which produced 40% of the mineral resources of the country. All these districts, which also had big, medium and small industries in public and private sectors, went to Jharkhand. Of the 36 remaining districts, 22 in north Bihar are traditionally flood prone and ravaged every alternative year by the rivers originating from Nepal .Once a close confidante of Lalu, Ranjan said had Bihar not been divided it would have been the most developed state in the country by now under the Nitish leadership. \"The state was bifurcated under a conspiracy with Lalu changing the geography of Bihar to meet his political ends,\" said Ranjan who, in spite of being a Rajya Sabha member of RJD, had vehemently opposed the creation of Jharkhand.Ranjan said special status is the only solution to various problems related to state's economy. Bihar's per capita income is Rs 15,268 against the national average of Rs 38,425 which shows a gap of over 60%. The per capita income has shown an increase of Rs 6,118 during the past five years.Noted economist Shaibal Gupta said Bihar has been reeling under discrimination for a long time. Very little central investment is made in the state even though it has 8.3% of the country's population. \"Today, we have an impressive growth rate but this is not enough to accelerate the pace of development. To minimize the yawning gap in all the human indices, special status will not only be helpful but also ensure a good change,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17081112", "title": "698 taxis, 1k auto meters recalibrated", "text": "MUMBAI: Six hundred and ninety-eight taxis and 1,004 autorickshaw drivers recalibrated their meters at various regional transport offices in Mumbai on Saturday.According to an RTO official, a total of 1,004 autorickshaws had carried out recalibration, of which 524 had been done at Andheri and 480 at the Wadala regional transport office. As many as 698 cabbies also carried out this process, of which 448 were at Tardeo, while 95 and 155 drivers got their taxi meters recalibrated at the Andheri and Wadala RTO respectively.So far, 8,767 taxis and 17,168 autos have completed recalibration of meters. There are 1 lakh autos and 44,000 taxis in Mumbai. The transport department has aimed to carry out recalibration of meters in all these vehicles before November 26.The transport commissioner has appealed to the citizens not to pay the new fares from November 26 if the meter of their auto/taxi is not recalibrated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17085514", "title": "Sampath Nandi to direct Ram Charan again?", "text": "Sampath Nandi already proved his mettle with Racha, starring Ram Charan, and the director is planning to team up with the actor again. Buzz is that Sampath has narrated another action script to Ram Charan and the film is tipped to be titled Chota Mesthri. Ram Charan and megastar Chiranjeevi are yet to give the nod for Sampath Nandi's script.Meanwhile, the director has also completed writing the script for power star Pawan Kalyan and he's yet to approach the actor and narrate the story. So the chances are bright that Sampath might wield the megaphone for a mega hero for in his next.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17084030", "title": "UP woos investors, Industries decide to not pay 'revised' power bill", "text": "LUCKNOW: Even as the Uttar Pradesh government gears up to woo industries during an investors meet in Gurgaon on Sunday, resentment brewed in its own backyard on Saturday, when various industrial houses decided not to pay their electricity bills and close their factories, if the need arise, in protest against the hike in power tariff. The decision was taken at a meeting of representatives from associations like Indian Industries Association (IIA), PHDand ASSOCHAM in Lucknow.To begin with, the Indian Industries Association decided to send a reminder to all its constituent members not to deposit their electricity bills with the distribution companies. \"The bills will not be paid, till we are able to meet chief minister and apprise him about the problems of the industries,\" said IIA president (Lucknow chapter), Prashant Bhatia, and added that the bills will instead be deposited in the association offices. At the same time, the association members will also be meeting public representatives including the MPs and MLAs and hand over a representation to them as well.The situation would only lead to a significant face off between the industrial houses and the UP Power Corporation Limited, which had promised to provide 24-hours power supply to the industrial houses.Secretary general of ASSOCHAM, SB Agarwal said that there is little option left for the industries as their viability is at stake. \"Anyhow they would be closed since the steep hike in power tariff has pushed them on the verge of closure,\" Agarwal said and added that it has never been in the history of the state that such industry denting policy measures were taken.Co-chairman of PHDCCI, LK Jhunjhunwala said that the industries cannot pass on the burden immediately to the consumers. \"We have to bear the rise in production cost and suffer loss,\" Jhunjhunwala said.The industrial houses have earlier staged state-wide demonstration, days after the UP Electricity Regulatory Commission (UPERC) ordered hike in power tariff for industries. Industry watchers rued that the state government appeared to have forgotten its promise of promoting the industrial sector.The new tariff structure, which came into effect from October 1, had a major impact on heavy industries, which saw their per unit charge getting increased by around 50%-65%. This has led to escalation in the production cost of material, almost rendering their operations non-viable. The impact already saw most of the furnace and rolling mills getting closed in the last few days. Various associations had formed an umbrella association of Vidyut Upbhogta Sangharsh Samiti, soon after the new tariff was declared by the UPERC. Sources said that the industrial representatives under the aegis of IIA were also gearing up to approach the Appellate Tribunal For Electricity (APTEL).Interestingly, UP-specific focus session in Gurgaon is slated for Sunday, when state minister for small scale industries and export promotion, Bhagwat Sharan Gangwar will address the gathering of investors and business associations after releasing the CII-KPMG report on 'Investment Climate in Uttar Pradesh'. Senior officials from the industry department will hold one-to-one meetings with industrialists and businessmen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17082428", "title": "Banaras Hindu University hosts exhibition on legal issues", "text": "VARANASI: The Mahamana Memorial Legal Awareness Exhibition organised by Legal Aid Clinic, Faculty of Law, Banaras Hindu University (BHU) began at Swatantrata Bhavan on Saturday. The exhibition, part of 150th birth anniversary of Mahamana Madan Mohan Malaviya, was organised along with a national seminar on 'Science, Technology and Law Reform'.Justice Swatanter Kumar, Judge, Supreme Court of India, and Justice Dilip Gupta, Judge, Allahabad high Court attended the inaugural function of the two-day event. The dean of Law School, Prof BC Nirmal welcomed the guests and participants. The exhibition showcased 40 paintings on different social and legal issues by students of the Law School, volunteers of Legal Aid Clinic and students of Visual Art Faculty.According to Dr Shailendra K Gupta, joint director, Legal Aid Clinic, the main purpose of the exhibition is to promote legal literacy and legal awareness among the visitors.The paintings are related to different social and legal issues like Right to Education (RTE), Right to Information, child labour, domestic violence, dowry killings, human rights, female foeticide, and motor vehicle rules. The Electronic Legal Information Service Unit of Legal Aid Clinic has provided all the Acts, rules and regulations related to the exhibited paintings to the visitors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17087464", "title": "Mulayam Singh Yadav offers Lok Sabha ticket to Saina Nehwal", "text": "LUCKNOW: Samajwadi Party (SP) chief Mulayam Singh Yadav has offered Lok Sabha ticket to Olympic bronze medallist and ace shuttler Saina Nehwal from Aligarh in Uttar Pradesh (UP).Addressing convocation ceremony of a private university in Aligarh, on Saturday, in which Saina alongwith five other Olympic medal winners were felicitated by the university with honorary doctorate degrees, Mulayam spoke at length on status of higher education in UP and challenges before SP government in the state. In between, he devoted few minutes on praising the London Olympic medalists, particularly Saina.In a lighter vein, he asked the ace badminton player to contest the next Lok sabha elections from Aligarh.Amid cheers and applause from the audience, Mulayam said that the SP would be happy to give her ticket from Aligarh Lok Sabha seat. Mulayam said that Saina has done the country proud and he wants her to prosper in life. The election ticket would be his blessing to her, he added. Saina thanked Mulayam for his appreciation but did not respond to the offer.She, however, said that the university has giver her something which has more worth than the Olympic medal. She said that her father always wanted her to get a doctorate degree but she could not do so because of her career in sports but today her father's dream has been fulfilled. The shuttler recently won her fourth title of the year by clinching the Denmark Open Super Series Premier Trophy.Along with Saina, boxer Mary Kom, shooters Vijay Kumar and Gagan Narang and wrestlers Yogeshwar Dutt and Sushil Kumar were also conferred the honorary doctorate at the ceremony.Referring to spurt in communal clashes in UP, Mulayam, in his speech, also cautioned people against external and internal designs which cause animosity between different sections and said it was imperative for all the sections to remain united for broader national interest. Without naming any person or organization, Mulayam said that certain sections which have not succeeded in the political arena are indulging in activities which would have a divisive fall out in society.He said that the SP government was aware of the activities of the forces which were trying to disturb the peaceful atmosphere in the state.On challenges in the field of modern education, Mulayam said that the private sector had now emerged as a major player in the sphere of higher education. He said the private sector will also have to cater to the needs of the rural areas which is still way behind the rest of the country in the field of health and education.Apart from sports personalities, those awarded Honoris Causa degrees included Rajendra Pachori, director general, Energy and Resources' Institute; VK Saraswat, scientific advisor in the ministry of defence; Salma Ansari, chairperson of Al-Noor Social and Charitable Society and Tessy Thomas, senior defence scientist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17083062", "title": "Brinda Karat takes up cudgels for anganwadis", "text": "MYSORE: Anganwadi workers from across Karnataka are in Mysore, attending a three-day convention focusing on issues related to them. They were asked to put up a united fight on Saturday, with senior CPM leader Brinda Karat stressing on their unity.Anganwadi workers have upped their ante at the fifth convention, seeking regularization of their services and extending benefits what other government staff get.Karat said: \"Anganwadi workers are contributing to maintaining the health of women and children in rural areas. Yet, their services have not been recognized by successive governments. With elections round the corner, focus on the demands vigorously and don't give in to any other considerations except for the candidate/ party that will attend to your needs.\"Some 6,000 anganwadi workers attend the public meeting on the inaugural day at Bharat Scouts and Guides premises. On Sunday and Monday, they will hold indoor meeting and devise strategies and focus on their works. Some 500 workers will discuss the issues at Nanjaraj Bahadur choultary and adopt a resolution.Karat attacked state and central governments, accusing them of neglecting the needs of anganwadi workers. \"The growth is not inclusive and the governments don't care about women.Earlier, the workers took out a procession that passed through Maharaja's Sanskrit College, Chamaraja Double Road, and Ramaswamy Circle. Former MLA G V Srirama Reddy, All-India Anganawadi Workers' Association general secretary K Hemalatha and CITU state president V G K Nair were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17086844", "title": "Sudeep as the angry young man", "text": "Director Shashank talks about his upcoming film Bachchan which stars Sudeep\"We just have a few action scenes and songs left to be shot,\" says Shashank. Ask him on the reason why the film is called Bachchan and he says, \"When we think of an angry, young man, the first name that comes to our mind is Amitabh Bachchan . This is the type of character that Sudeep plays in the film. There is a point in the film where he will be referred to as Bachchan in the film, which forms an element of surprise for the audienceSudeep is said to be portraying three different looks in this film, corresponding to three shades of his character. \"While he may be playing a single role in the film, each of the stage sees a different avatar of the actor,\" reveals Shashank.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "united nations", "code": "17080588", "title": "Present UNSC structure serves no one: India to UN", "text": "UNITED NATIONS: India has said the UN Security Council in its present structure is \"completely out of tune\" with global realities and serves \"no one's purpose\", asserting that an expansion in the 15-member body should have permanent representation from Asia, Africa and Latin America.India, which assumed this month's presidency of the Security Council ahead of the expiry of its two-year term as a non-permanent member on December 31, said the UN body has remained \"polarized and politically divided\" on key issues like Syria and this strengthens the need for its reform.\"The Security Council as it is presently structured is not reflective of contemporary realities, it is completely out of tune with what is happening in the world,\" India's permanent representative to the UN Hardeep Singh Puri said on Friday, outlining the council's monthly agenda.\"In order to give the council effectiveness there is need to enlarge its size. India's point of view is that the Security Council needs to be more transparent,\" he said.Puri said the council, in its present structure, \"serves no one's purpose\", adding that an increase in its membership should have provisions for permanent representation from Africa, Latin America, Caribbean and Asia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17085594", "title": "Top Malaysian players head to Hockey India League", "text": "NEW DELHI: Five members of the 2010 Asian Games silver medal-winning Malaysian team have signed up for the Hockey India League players' auction to be held this month for the event that will start on January 5 next year.The players include Asian All-Star goalkeeper Kumar Subramaniam, who comes with vast international experience, having played 197 games that includes matches in three Asian Games, two Commonwealth Games and an FIH Champions Trophy tournament.Subramaniam was given the Asian All Star Award at the Asian Games 2010 in Guangzhou, China and has been the Best Goalkeeper in Sultan Azlan Shah Cup four times.Azlan Misron, 29, comes with even more experience, having played as many as 269 matches for Malaysia and scoring 40 goals.Like Subramaniam, he has taken part in three Asian Games, winning bronze in 2002 and silver in 2010, two Commonwealth Games and the Champions Trophy in 2007.The 29-year-old forward Tengku Ahmad Tajuddin is another player who was part of the Asian All Star team in 2010. With 46 goals in 167 matches for Malaysia, Tajuddin's career has been highlighted by the silver medal in the Asian Games in 2010 and the bronze medal in the Asian Champions Trophy the same year.Resolute defender Muhammad Raize, 25, is the third Asian All Star 2010 player who has signed up for the auction.With 115 international matches under his belt, he also boasts of the Asian Games 2010 silver medal.Just 21 years of age, Faizal Saari has earned the reputation of being an exciting forward. With as many as 85 caps, he has been a part of the Malaysian team that won silver in the Asian Games 2010 in Guangzhou a month after competing here in the Commonwealth Games 2010 Delhi.Top-scorer in the Malaysian Hockey League, he has also played in the Australian League.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17081714", "title": "Netas turn hosts to visiting rallyists", "text": "PATNA: Patna has turned into a city of pandals to host the huge number of Adhikar Rally participants who started reaching the state capital from all over the state on Saturday.The JD-U parliamentarians, ministers and legislators worked overtime to bring and host a large number of people from their respective constituencies to put pressure on the Centre to provide special category status to Bihar for its speedy economic development.VIP areas, especially the residences of the JD-U leaders, have been covered with huge pandals. Makeshift arrangements have been made alongside the roads in the VIP areas. The residential premises of the ministers like Shyam Rajak, Bijendra Prasad Yadav, Vijay Kumar Choudhary were humming with the footfalls of party workers.The JD-U leaders were competing with each other to play a better host to their constituents and party workers by making arrangements for food and drinking water. A large number of water tanks have been hired from Bihar Rajya Jal Parshad to provide drinking water to the guests.\"Some of the tents are so beautifully decorated that at first place one would be confused of visiting a community marriage centre,\" said Ankita, a student.The kitchens dished out simple but tasty food to the party members. \"Kachauri, jalebi, sabji are in high demand. The cooks had a tough time in meeting the demands,\" said Raman, a worker busy at one such pandal near new Secretariat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "17082735", "title": "Leave Majuli by Nov 10, Aasu tells Bangla nationals", "text": "JORHAT: The All Assam Students' Union (Aasu) on Saturday issued an ultimatum to all suspected Bangladeshi nationals here to leave Majuli by November 10. The organization also asked the administration to take required steps to fulfill their demand.\"We will not be responsible for any problems arising in Majuli after the deadline ends. We will take action against suspected nationals residing in the hub of Vaishnavite culture. This is our last appeal to the government as well as suspected Bangladeshis staying in Majuli,'' said Aasu's Jorhat district president Biren Saikia.He added, \"A large number of suspected Bangladeshi nationals are residing in Majuli right under the nose of the administration. Apart from doing cultivation and other household works, many of them are doing trade in the island to eke out a living. In some years, they will set up permanent settlements here, posing a serious threat to the unique identity of the island.''\"Our activists have been directed to take all possible steps to protect our island from Bangladeshi infiltration,'' said another Aasu leader of Majuli sub division.Sources said suspected Bangladeshi nationals are residing at Kamalabari, Garmur, Dakhinpaat, Sumoimari, Salmoras, Jengraimukh and Fulani areas of the island.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "17087725", "title": "Misbah-ul-Haq backs PCB to appoint batting coach", "text": "LAHORE: Pakistan's Test and one-day captain, Misbah-ul-Haq has backed the Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB)'s decision to appoint a batting coach with the national team.Misbah, 38, said the appointment of a professional batting coach would help improve performance of the team.The PCB has invited interested candidates to apply for the batting coach position and has set a deadline of November 5 to receive applications.The PCB's move has already generated plenty of debate and interest as while former Australian test batsman, Dean Jones has said he would be willing to work on part-time basis with the Pakistan team, former test captains, Zaheer Abbas and Salim Malik have also said they would like to work as the batting coach of the national team.Misbah said in modern day cricket every team has a full support staff with them and they helped players overcome their technical problems and flaws.\"Every team has a strong support staff which is very useful for the players and if the PCB has now decided to have a batting coach it is a good move and the need of the hour,\" the experienced batsman, who scored a century in the latest round of the Presidents Trophy first class tournament said.\"Another aspect is that by distributing responsibilities the coaches with the national team would also be able to focus totally on their area of expertise,\" he added.While Malik has already applied for the position and sent in his CV to the coaching committee, Zaheer who is a member of the committee said he would be willing to step down as a member if the board was interested in hiring his services.Sources in the board said that so far the committee which is headed by former test captain, Intikhab Alam had received very good response for the batting coach position from within and outside the country.PCB chief, Zaka Ashraf has said that he wants a totally professional and qualified support staff set up with the national team as this is the need of the hour to gain improvement in performances.During the recent World T20 cup, Ashraf had also sent former test captain and a senior official in the board, Javed Miandad to Sri Lanka for a few days to help the players with their batting skills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17082407", "title": "Few takers for traditional diyas as designer lamps rule market", "text": "RANCHI: There was a time when people used to prefer the traditional diyas but these days the scenario has changed. The markets are flooded with designer diyas luring customers. That to when designer diyas are costlier than the traditional ones.Indu Kumari, a young girl, who prepares traditional diyas, said: \"Earlier we used to sell many diyas but in the past two years the sale has gone down because people these days prefer designer ones. Everyone is attracted by beautiful designs and colourful items. So, traditional diyas have few takers nowadays. We don't have designers because of which we can't even compete with such creativity. This has made us stick to our tradition of making simple diyas which has been passed on to us by our forefathers.\"Complaining that they don't even get good return, Indu added, \"Prices of each item has gone up and in such a scenario we are not getting a profitable return for our investment. For instance, the raw materials such as coal, wood and hay costs us Rs 35,000, mud costs Rs 5000 and the paint comes for Rs 5000. Hence, the cost of production has gone quite high and in comparison to that the returns are not very luring for us. But we don't have any other option as we are very poor. We wait for Diwali as this is the time when we work day and night to make diyas and meet ends.\"Krishnapati Prajapati, who has spent 35 years in this profession, said today this profession is able to provide them with only three times meal and nothing beyond that. \"The sale has declined badly in the past few years. Times have changed because earlier we used to see mud houses but now they are replaced with cement houses. Similarly, now people prefer nicely decorated designer diyas irrespective of the prices,\" he said.Potters say it's difficult to sustain in such a scenario. \"We don't get enough returns due to which we have to take loans. And when during Diwali we get the money we are busy paying the debts. It's difficult to sustain our families of 10 members including me,\" said Basanti Devi, another potter.About the prices of the traditional diyas this Diwali, she informed that the bigger sized diyas will cost Rs 80 per 100 pieces. The smaller ones will cost Rs 30 per 100 pieces. This apart, there are many items which are also sold during Diwali. Hence the dhup dani and kalash will be sold at Rs 10 per piece. \"The designer diyas come for at least Rs 10-15 per piece but since it has become a status symbol people buy them,\" said Basanti.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17082582", "title": "Body found in Bokaro", "text": "BOKARO: Police on Saturday found the body of a man hanging from a tree at Ranipokhar area under Harla police station in Bokaro.The body is yet to be identified. Police have filed a case of unnatural death and is investigating whether the deceased committed suicide or was hanged after being killed by someone. The body has been sent for postmortem.Officer-in-charge of Harla police station, Rajesh Kumar Rajak, said police reached the spot following information from the local residents and found the body hanging from a huge tree.Later, police asked local residents about the deceased, to confirm his identity, but no one was able to provide an answer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "jabalpur", "code": "17081791", "title": "'Explain anomalies in ICDS implementation in MP'", "text": "JABALPUR: In response to a PIL filed in high court, division bench of Chief Justice S A Bobde and Justice Alok Aradhe has served notices to the Union/state government and CBI to explain the anomalies in the implementation of the centrally-funded Integrated Child Development Scheme ICDS in MP. The PIL was filed by PG Najpandy, social activist and the convener of a city-based NGO.The petition is focused on the alleged violation of the Supreme Court guidelines laid down in October 2007 which categorically forbid involvement of private contractors in the distribution of nutrients under the ICDS. The court had instead directed that the network of anganwadi workers involved in the procedure, could be assisted by select NGOs and self help groups. However, the women and child welfare department of MP government, in an arbitrary move, made fresh guidelines and singed an MOU with MP Agro Industries Corporation. Subsequently, the MPAIC bent rules to allow backdoor entry of private contractors for the supply of foodstuff, under the ambitious scheme meant to benefit children aged 6 months to 6 years as well as pregnant women.The wheeling dealing of this nexus, the petitioner claimed, has led to a loss of 400 crores to the government exchequer over the last five years. And as the scheme, which was to fold up this year has been extended to another five years, the loss could be tripled in the stipulated period, the petitioner has claimed.Najpandy has further pleaded that a written complaint sent by him to the CBI with a request to initiate a probe, fell flat after the prime investigating body transferred the case to MP economic offence wing. Since EOW is an extended part of the government, it will only gloss over the corrupt deeds of senior IAS officers and politicians involved in this multi-crore scam, he charged. Therefore, the court must intervene and direct the CBI to initiate a formal investigation, he said. It also seeks scrapping of the deal between the department of women and child welfare and MP Agro Industries Corporation Ltd.Meanwhile, the bench has directed the government agencies to furnish their reply within the period of four weeks before it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17083153", "title": "Make the day for these puppies today", "text": "MANGALORE: This Sunday, take time to take give these adorable puppies a special bath.The Animal Care Trust (ACT) here has earmarked this Sunday as 'Puppy bathing day' and invited pet lovers to their centre at Shakthinagar, about five km from the city, to join the activity.Trust volunteers and pet lovers will bathe, powder, feed and play with the 45 puppies in the Trust's centre and make them feel special. Interested may bring biscuits, milk, bread, banana, puppy pedigree, cerelac, old clothes and jute bags.ACT honorary secretary Suma R Nayak told STOI that volunteers and enthusiasts will have the chance to bathe and play with these puppies and make them good looking enough to find new homes soon.\"The joy one gets on receiving those hundred licks after bath is priceless. These puppies will thank you with all the free licks and hugs. You can bring biscuits for the dogs and also a few bananas for the monkey and cows here,\" Suma said.ACT, which was founded by five animal lovers in 2000, is engaged in various activities including rescuing animals, birds, shelter them, treat them, and organize animal birth control programmes, anti-rabies vaccination programme, animal adoptions and other human education programmes to create awareness for last 12 years.\"Animals are a harassed lot and the cruelty meted out to stray animals is unimaginable. Indeed, animals deserve better. It is while sharing our concern for abandoned and injured animals, we, five animal lovers, decided to form a shelter for them. Currently, ACT takes care of rescued animals, including 150 dogs, 20 cats, cows, piglet, monkey and mongoose,\" she said.ACT is a registered charitable trust recognized by the Animal Welfare Board of India. Its activities are acknowledged and recognized by the Mangalore City Corporation too, she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17083317", "title": "MSEDCL refuses to refund Rs 36cr ZLS surcharge", "text": "NAGPUR: If you are already upset with the high power bills, here's another reason to fume. The Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited (MSEDCL) has refused to refund around 36 crore excess zero load shedding (ZLS) surcharge collected from consumers between July 2010 and June 2011. In the tariff order for 2012-13 issued by Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC) in August, the MSEDCL was asked to refund the money in bills of September and October.However, instead of doing so, the company has urged the Commission in a review petition that it should be exempted from refunding the money as it would burden consumers in other parts of the state. Even though most of its demands were met by MERC in the tariff for 2012-13, the distributor has filed a review petition for a few demands that were rejected by the Commission. MERC will hear the petition on November 9.The company's double standards are exasperating. While it is not refunding extra ZLS money to Nagpurians as it would burden other consumers, it refused to pass on the 45 crore burden of shifting poles in Nagpur to other consumers. Nagpurians will pay this money at the rate of 9 paise per unit for three years.RB Goenka of Vidarbha Industries Association (VIA) said that MSEDCL was now resorting to patently illegal practices and violating principle of natural justice. \"ZLS money was recovered from people of Nagpur. It is their right to get back the excess amount charged,\" he said.MSEDCL never had the intention to refund excess ZLS money. The initial ZLS surcharge was 51 paise per unit for the period from December 2009 to March 2010. This increased to 63 paise for April 2010 to June 2010 period and then was reduced to 51 paise again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17083907", "title": "Truck knocks down 3 persons", "text": "LUCKNOW: Irate locals torched a DCM truck after it knocked off a tricycle rickshaw, killing the rickshaw-puller and two children he was carrying, on the spot. The incident took place near Aishbagh railway over bridge in Aishbagh under Naka police station late on Saturday evening. The mother of the two children is in critical condition.The impact was so strong that the rickshaw-puller was thrown several metres away from the vehicle and hit the ground head first, which apparently resulted in instant death. While, the rickshaw itself was reduced to a mangled mess of steel and wood, the two passengers were sandwiched in between.Eye-witnesses said the DCM driver and his associate fled the scene of mishap leaving the vehicle behind. The passersby first rescued the three victims and rushed them to the Trauma Centre, while a section of the mob infuriated over the reckless driving of the DCM, torched the vehicle.Though fire tenders were rushed to the sight after the information about the mishap reached the local police. However by the fire tenders could douse the flames, the truck was burnt to a great extent.When the reports last come in, police were trying to establish the identity of the victims as all three had succumbed to their injuries, while on way to the hospital. Further details were awaited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17081122", "title": "Is real estate value behind loan to Associated Journals Private Limited, BJP asks", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP ratcheted up its attack on Congress for giving a Rs 90-crore loan to Associated Journals Private Limited (AJPL) in alleged violation of the Representation of People's Act, rejecting Congress's defence that it extended financial assistance to the publisher of now-defunct National Herald and Qaumi Awaaz papers to propagate party's ideology.Party spokesperson Nirmala Sitharaman reacted to Congress's explanation saying that invoking names of Mahatama Gandhi and Jawaharlal Nehru could not help justify misadventure. \"A very spirited defence has been put up by Congress for its misadventure. The Congress chief spokesperson has tried to justify it by taking the names of Congress leaders and in the name of ideology. He read out passages from the Congress party constitution as if this will justify it\", Sitharaman said.She also said that Gandhi and Nehru would not have done what Congress leaders have in this case.While asserting that no political party, inadvertently or willingly, can be the conduit for money laundering, the BJP spokesperson referred to the suspicions expressed by those whom he described as \"observers\". Many observers feel that the real asset of AJPL could be an important consideration in Congress's financial arrangement with the company.The principal Opposition also took issue with Congress for saying that it extended the loan to APJL as part of its political dharma and for propagation of its ideology, and that it could allow its politics to be dictated by others.\"Congress should also not justify it with attractive words like socialism. Was the globalization and liberalization brought in by Congress also as a part of its commitment to socialism? We all believe in free market but Congress cannot justify this loan on the basis of its ideology or its party constitution,\" Sitharaman said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17083042", "title": "Three-day film fest treat for cine lovers", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Movie buffs in the city have reason to rejoice. The Film Society of Bhubaneswar has brought an eclectic selection of contemporary and critically acclaimed films for the 8th Annual Festival of World Cinema that began here from Saturday at Jaydev Bhavan.Though the festival was formally inaugurated in the evening, early birds got a special treat with acclaimed Japanese film maker Akira Kurosawa's 'Throne of Blood' screening in the afternoon. The screening was followed by a discussion on Kurosawa's vision of cinema. In the next two days of the festival too, the afternoon session will be dedicated to Kurosawa, during which 'Ikiru' and 'The Hidden Fortress' will be screened.The festival opened with the screening of award-winning Iranian film 'A separation', directed by Asghar Farhadi, followed by 'Las Acacias', a film from Argentina directed by Pablo Giogeli.'Still Walking' from Japan by Hirokazu Koreeda and 'Something Like Happiness' from Czech Republic by Bohdan Slama are among noteworthy screenings awaited by fans. Besides, in the morning session on Sunday and Monday, documentary films from Chile -- 'The Last Stand of Salvador Allende' and 'Images of Dictatorship' - will be screened. The evening session will feature contemporary cinema from around the world. Films to be screened on the concluding Monday evening are 'How I ended this summer' from Russia and 'Aaltra' from Belgium .\"As a film society we believe that a film festival offers a unique and distinct perspective on cinema in contrast to individual screening. We hope that this little bouquet of films, diverse in their approach and idiom, bringing together the old and the new, will offer new ways of looking at cinema to a new and younger audience. We are also providing engaging encounters with cinema for those not so new to film festivals,\" said Subas Das, president of Film Society of Bhubaneswar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "17081410", "title": "Truck with 60 washing machines goes missing", "text": "PONDA: Ponda police have registered a third case of a truck going missing with goods within a span of less then a month.In the latest incident, a truck loaded with 60 washing machines of IFB make has gone missing. The washing machines were dispatched by Mahendra roadlines, Curti-Ponda. The roadlines company had hired another transport company Keerthi roadlines, also from Curti-Ponda, to deliver the goods to Tirupati.The truck with washing machines worth 10,03,309 proceeded to Tirupati on October 24 and has not reached its destination until November 1, police said quoting a complaint lodged with them by Channappa Kothwadi, owner of the Mahendra roadlines.The police have registered the case under Sections 406 (criminal breach of trust) and 420 (cheating), read with 34 (common intention) against the proprietor of Keerthi roadlines, Gopal and its driver B Raja.In a similar manner, two more trucks went missing with goods they were carrying during the last 20 days. On October 4, a truck loaded with 10-tonnes chocolate waste and packaging material waste of Nestle factory in Ponda went missing.The truck was heading to the ACC plant in Uttar Pradesh but failed to reach its destination. Mumbai police seized it while it was entering the city, but no goods were found on it.A similar incident occurred on the next day on October 5, wherein one Shaikh Ahmad, a native of AP and owner-cum-driver of a truck disappeared with a truck loaded with some machinery worth 42,82,869.Balaji transport carrier at Tiska-Usgao in Ponda had dispatched the machinery to West Bengal. Neither the truck has been found nor the machinery. All the cases have been registered by Ponda police and investigations are in progress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17086170", "title": "The girl with a golden needle", "text": "Saira Hunjan is one of the top 25 tattoo artists in the world, and a huge hit with A-list Hollywood celebrities. She tells Nona Walia why her body art is meant for the bold and brazen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17080594", "title": "PMLA case against Amar Singh may die down", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Enforcement Directorate's (ED) money laundering case against former Samajwadi Party (SP) leader Amar Singh looks set to fall through with the Uttar Pradesh Police filing a closure report deciding to withdraw economic offence charges against him.Sources in ED said UP Police's closure report will \u00e2\u20ac\u201d if accepted by the court \u00e2\u20ac\u201d knock the bottom out of ED's proceedings against the expelled SP leader. The Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA) cannot be invoked against persons if they are not being prosecuted for illegalities under other laws - from Indian Penal Code to Prevention of Corruption Act to anti-narcotic NDPS Act. UP Police's Economic Offence Wing's (EOW) proceedings against Singh fulfilled the criterion - defined as predicate offence - and enabled the ED to start PMLA proceedings against him and his associates.This will cease to exist if the closure report passes muster with the court.\"If there is no predicate offence, and if court accepts the closure report of EOW, ED as per the PMLA provisions has no case against Singh,\" sources said. Since there was no foreign transaction involved, the former SP leader has no case against him or his associates under the Foreign Exchange Management Act either, taking him completely off the ED's hook.The ED started a probe against Singh in May, 2011, under PMLA based on an FIR registered by the UP Police, and after the Allahabad High Court asked for a central agency to investigate the charges of money laundering allegedly worth more than Rs 400 crore.The ED had on the basis of FIR made preliminary investigation. However, with police acknowledging that it has failed to establish any quid pro quo or any offence against him, the ED's case may not have the legal leg to stand on.Nothing had come of the income tax investigation against Singh either.The I-T investigation had carried out a detailed probe into the shareholding patterns of 43 companies which finally merged into three entities where Singh, his wife Pankaja and superstar Amitabh Bachchan were shareholders. However, it failed to slap any tax evasion case against the former SP leader or his associates.According to an FIR registered against Singh at the Babu Purwa Police Station in Kanpur on October 15, 2009, Singh had received money illegally as chairman of the UP Development Council (UPDC) during the SP regime and this money was invested in 43 companies by oversubscribing their shares. Later on, these companies were allegedly amalgamated with the companies in which Singh and his associates were shareholders.Singh had, however, rejected the allegations saying that in almost all the companies, shares were offered to him prior to his appointment as the chairman of the UPDC, and that he had not received any money illegally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17082640", "title": "Complainant to protest closure of case against Amar Singh", "text": "KANPUR: The complainant in the money laundering case involving former Samajwadi Party (SP) general secretary Amar Singh has decided to file a protest petition in the district court against Kanpur police's closure report which gives clean chit to the friend-turned-foe of Mulayam Singh Yadav.Shiva Kant Tripathi had filed an FIR with the Babupurwa police against Amar Singh, who is also a Rajya Sabha MP, and others on October 15, 2009. The complainant had alleged swindling of funds to the tune of Rs 500 crore belonging to 168 different companies in which Singh had big stakes. The name of Amitabh Bachchan, Amar Singh's wife Pankaja Kumari Singh, former governor T N Chaturvedi and a Noida-based industrialist Ashok Kumar Chaturvedi also figured in the 1500-annexure as directors of various companies. The Mayawati government had transferred the case to the Economic Offences Wing.However, the SP government quietly handed the case back to the Kanpur police which filed a closure report on Thursday in the court of district judge, which is the designated court for the Prevention of Corruption Act. The report gives clean chit to accused citing lack of evidence. According to sources, the file is with district judge for further order. The report has concluded: \"Ab tak ki vivechna mein abhiyuktgano ke virrudh abhiyojan ke liye Rajya Sarkar ne paryapt sakshya uplabdh nahi karaye, ataha antim akhya vivechna ko samagat karke preshit ki ja rahi hai (The state government has so far not provided evidences required to prosecute the accused in the case, as a result the closure report is being submitted).\"Tripathi told TOI on Saturday that he would file a petition opposing the closure report on Monday. He said that the police submitted the closure report in the court without taking his statement as per rules. Tripathi said: \"Circle officer Pavitra Mohan Tripathi, who is the investigating officer in the case, had invited me for a meeting at Babupurwa police station on October 31 but he never asked me to come on record in this regard, which is against the provision of the law.\"He pointed out that the state government had on October 28, 2012, directed the Economic Offences Wing to transfer the case to Kanpur's Babupurwa police station. \"It's impossible to go through 1500-page annexure in three days time and file closure report,\" he claimed.On Tripathi's complaint, the police had in October 2009 lodged an FIR under various sections of the Indian Penal Code involving cheating, forgery and criminal conspiracy. The police had then also slapped some provisions of the Money Laundering Prevention Act and the Prevention of Corruption Act related to misuse of office and taking gratification.In the FIR, the complainant had alleged that Amar Singh had floated nearly eight companies in which 168 small companies were amalgamated, allegedly with the intent of siphoning off Rs 500 crore of black money for which he misused his position as chairman of the Uttar Pradesh Development Council during 2003 and 2007.Tripathi had also alleged that Singh had depicted his property worth Rs 32 crore when he had contested the Rajya Sabha election. Later, when made chairman of the development council, Singh declared property worth Rs 500 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17084465", "title": "Two bank officials, housewife sentenced to 3 years in jail", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two former officials of a public sector bank along with a housewife have been sentenced to three years in jail by a Delhi court for duping the bank of Rs 50 lakhs in 1996 by advancing it as loan to a bogus firm.Besides sentencing erstwhile Senior Manager P P Arora and Deputy Manager R B Gupta of the Central Bank of India and Central Delhi resident Saroj Kushwaha to three years in jail, Special Judge V K Maheshwari also imposed a fine of Rs 40,000 on each of them.The bank officials were convicted under various provisions of the Prevention of Corruption Act for abusing their official positions to obtain the monetary gains.The two officials along with the woman were also held guilty of cheating, forgery and criminal conspiracy in duping the bank.\"It is proved beyond reasonable doubt that accused P P Arora and R B Gupta working as public servants, abused their official positions, in connivance with co-accused Saroj Kushwaha for granting loan of Rs 50 lakhs to M/s Kiran Leather International and siphoning off the same through the account opened in the name of M/s Concord Leathers,\" the judge said.According to the CBI charge sheet, Kushwaha had applied for a bank loan of Rs 50 lakhs on February 15, 1996, saying she needed the money to produce leather jackets, shirts and purses for export, the order for which she got recently.The CBI had alleged that Kushwaha had applied for the loan falsely claiming that she had a vast experience in export business.It had further said Arora had fraudulently accepted a Central Delhi property as security for the loan without its proper legal scrutiny.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17081117", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcAid to National Herald was political dharma\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress on Saturday rubbished Janata Party chief Subramanian Swamy's allegations, saying the loan given to Associated Journals for promoting ideology of Mahatma Gandhi and Jawaharlal Nehru is for a political purpose.AICC general secretary Janardhan Dwivedi rejected Swamy's allegations that the funds constitute an illegal transfer, saying the loan to the defunct newspaper outfit was interest-free and yielded no commercial profit to the party.Dwivedi argued it was Congress's duty to help the newspaper as it propagated the ideals of Nehru and Gandhi and \"no other political outfit can decide what will be our political work\".The party said it discharged its \"political dharma\" and is ready to contest any challenge for having given a loan to support National Herald.Dwivedi launched a counter attack on Swamy and BJP for carrying out \"propaganda of lies\" and \"distorting\" facts.The AICC leader asked, \"How can there be a commercial purpose as alleged when no interest was charged for the loan?\"\"Who will decide political work for any party? We will decide what will be our political work and not any other party,\" Dwivedi said, countering BJP leader Arun Jaitley's contention that a political party can use its funds only for political purposes and not for any business or financial activity.\"To promote the Gandhi-Nehru thought is political work and to encourage the people, organizations and instruments working for the cause. We have discharged our political dharma because Associated Journals has worked to promote the Gandhi-Nehru thought,\" Dwivedi said.Arguing revival of National Herald was an issue of great importance and was a matter of sentiment for Congress, he said, \"National Herald was established by Jawaharlal Nehru to give strength to the freedom struggle. Nehru was not only leader of a party but the whole nation.\"Dwivedi said Young Indian bought shares of Associated Journal to revive the organization and to publish newspapers.\"The 'Associated Press' (journal) exists and only its shares of the 'Associated Press' have been bought. The 'Associated Press' is being revived for production and newspapers would be published soon,\" he added.He claimed 700 employees got their arrears due to the loan. \"We are proud that 700 employees not only got their arrears, even their provident fund was protected, but they have gone home by accepting VRS (voluntary retirement scheme) on their terms and conditions. The 700 number is not small,\" he said.A party sources said Rs 90 crore loan to National Herald was given over a period of four years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17082215", "title": "Stray dogs mutilate infant's body", "text": "JAIPUR: A day after the incident of pigs nibbling the body of an infant outside a government hospital in Pratapgarh came to light, a similar incident took place in Jaipur when a security guard of a school spotted dogs nibbling the body of an infant in Mansarovar area.The guard and the people of the area informed the police about the incident. The dogs were nibbling the baby's body near a Shiv temple. Within few minutes, large number of people gathered at the spot. They removed the baby's body from dogs.Later, police took the body to a nearby hospital for postmortem. It was found that it was a boy infant. It was also a premature baby of six months. In the initial investigation, it was found that the dogs have taken out the baby's body from a grave in Amanishah Nullah.The police said that they are investigating the matter and also lodged an FIR against unidentified persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17082264", "title": "Devastated parents collect Ilin\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s body", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In the city to receive their 19-year-old son's body, IIT aspirant Ilin Sason's parents were shattered when they reached Government Medical College and Hospital-32, on Saturday. Ilin's father Gurjinder Sason said not even in his worst nightmare had he imagined such a day. The family left for Shimla with the body for the last rites.Ilin was killed along with friend Abhishek Malik when a speeding Haryana Roadways bus hit their motorbike on Thursday. They used to reside as paying guests in Sector 20. Ilin's mother Richa Sason was devastated after having lost her only child.Abhishek's body was handed over to his family on Friday. Police arrested driver Praveen Kumar near ISBT-43 and will send a detailed report of his arrest to Haryana transport department. He had escaped from the spot after crushing the youths on Thursday. A case was registered at Sector 31 police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "17083204", "title": "BJP decries making teacher killer PTA president", "text": "KANNUR: Breaking its silence for the first time after the prime accused in the Jayakrishnan murder case was made the PTA president of the same school where the teacher was hacked to death, the BJP on Saturday said the selection to the school body reflected the arrogance of the CPM.Acharuparambath Pradeepan, who got a life sentence in the case and later released from jail, was made the PTA president of Mokeri East U P School in the beginning of the ongoing academic year. The BJP, however, has been maintaining a silence on the issue, though it has announced a sit-in in front of the Secretariat on November 6, demanding a CBI probe into the case.\"We know that Pradeepan was selected as the PTA president, but we are unable to do anything because it is a private school situated in a CPM stronghold,\" said BJP district president K Ranjith, adding that it was a private affair of the school where the BJP has no role to play. He, however, said the selection smacked of CPM arrogance.\"This is the school where even the fellow teachers refused to depose before the investigators. Pradeepan's selection underscores the culture of the CPM. Pradeepan claims that he became the PTA president on the insistence of the teachers as two of his children are studying there,\" Ranjith said.Pradeepan, a former local committee secretary of the CPM, and four others were awarded death sentence in the case by the Kerala high court. However, in 2006, the Supreme Court acquitted four of them and commuted Pradeepan's death sentence to life imprisonment.Later, during the LDF rule, he was released from prison on remission, and the BJP was silent on the issue. The BJP leadership was now saying that would not go soft on Jayakrishnan murder case.Though the government has said it would hand over the T P Chandrasekharan murder case to the CBI, if his wife demanded so, the government has been taking a double standard in to Jayakrishnan case, the BJP said. Senior party leader O Rajagopal would inaugurate the sit-in on Tuesday, the BJP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17080632", "title": "Gulshan Rai tipped to be first coordinator of national cyber security agency", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government would soon announce the appointment of the first National Cyber Security Coordinator (NCSC), stepping up its effort to put up a coordinated response to the various challenges in cyber space.Sources said Gulshan Rai, who presently heads the Indian Computer Emergency Response Team (CERT-IN), would be named the first NCSC. The coordinator's task would primarily be to coordinate among various agencies involved in cyber security. Rai would be based at the National Security Council Secretariat.Sources said Rai's appointment could precede the approval of a comprehensive cyber security plan by the Cabinet Committee on Security (CCS). The plan is in final stages with certain legal issues being clarified. Among the issues are some objections to the legal powers of the proposed National Critical Information Infrastructure Protection Centre (NCIPC), a command-and-control centre for monitoring the critical infrastructure. NCIPC is to be managed by the technical intelligence agency NTRO (National Technical Research Organisation), and could have all the powers that the CERT-IN has.The National Security Council, headed by the Prime Minister, has already approved the plan, and it is to be placed before the CCS for the final approval. Among the proposals is to designate Defence Intelligence Agency and NTRO as agencies tasked to carry out offensive operations for India in cyber space.The move comes at a time when governments across the world are waking up to the widespread potential of cyber threat \u00e2\u20ac\u201d not just to their databases and computer networks, but also to critical infrastructure, industrial complexes and even daily lives.Earlier last month, US defence secretary Leon E Panetta warned of a \"cyber-Pearl Harbor\", a wave of attacks from foreign hackers that could cripple America's transportation systems, power grids, financial networks etc. Panetta spoke about \"cyber-actors launching several attacks on our critical infrastructure at one time, in combination with a physical attack.\"National security advisor ( NSA ) Shiv Shankar Menon on October 15 also spoke about the \"enormous potential for damage\" from cyber arena, while releasing a study on cyber security. Menon cited the role of social media in recent riots in Assam , Mumbai etc, and said the \"important thing is to create a virtuous circle of security\".Among the steps being initiated would be delineating work among various security, intelligence and IT agencies; creation of CERT for critical infrastructure sectors (such as power and aviation) and collaborating with private sector to improve the overall preparedness. The military would be responsible for protecting its own networks, under the proposed plan.While India has not witnessed any crippling attack on its critical infrastructure, intelligence operations to take out sensitive information from government networks is an ongoing affair, say a senior official involved in cyber security.The warning signals of far bigger damages are already there. Indian investigators had found Stuxnet , the cyber worm created by US' National Security Agency and Israeli military and targeted at Iran's nuclear enrichment centre at Natanz, in Indian systems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17081590", "title": "HC notices to Punjab, Haryana, UT on issue of FIRs", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Taking up a public interest litigation (PIL) seeking directions for uploading copies of FIRs on official websites immediately after registration, Punjab and Haryana high court on Saturday issued notice to Punjab, Haryana and Chandigarh asking them to respond on the issue.Division bench headed by Chief Justice A K Sikri issued notices after hearing the PIL filed by lawyer Ajay Jagga of Chandigarh. The petitioner submitted that a common grievance raised by certain sections of people is that the concerned police stations in the respondents' state/UT do not provide a copy of FIR immediately despite moving an application. In many cases, the concerned police officers show their reluctance in providing a copy of the FIR and insist that the accused should appear in the police station to obtain the copy.\"In that eventuality, the chances of having been arrested are prominent, which results into jeopardizing the right of life and personal liberty of the said person, as he would not be able to approach the court to avail anticipatory bail,\" the petitioner added.The petitioner prayed for directing the respondents to upload a copy of the FIR on the official website immediately after it is registered, and provide a copy of the FIR to the named accused immediately, on an application moved to the concerned police station or the concerned trial court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "17082761", "title": "Health staff learning Hindi to reach out to migrant labourers", "text": "MALAPPURAM: Health officials and volunteers in Malappuram are busy learning Hindi as the district health administration has decided to organize medical camps and awareness classes in Hindi for migrant labourers.The initiative is following reports that the various health awareness programmes organized in the district during past several years were not much effective among the migrant labourers from north India.\"As per the latest statistics, there are 13,000 migrant labourers in the district. This is not the exact number as the screening of migrant labourers has not yet completed. Majority of the migrant labourers are from Hindi-speaking states and they are not able to follow classes either in English or any other language, hence the initiative,\" said the DMO. The health administration has also decided to assign translators for those medical officials who are yet to learn Hindi.The special camp in Hindi, organized by the medical administration last month, received good response from migrant labourers. The medical authorities will organize 72 similar camps in the coming days.\"Some of the officials among us who are already well-versed in Hindi have started teaching the language to their colleagues and volunteers,\" said district medical officer (DMO) V Ummar Farooq.\"We have prepared a questionnaire in Hindi as part of our campaign and immunization programmes being conducted across the district,\" he said.There were complaints that the health awareness programmes, especially the immunization programmes, were not successful among migrant labourers in the district and sometimes it caused spreading of diseases from migrant labourers to locals.When Malaria cases were reported at various parts of Valanchery in October last year and it started to spread to other parts of the district, the health administration had launched a special heath awareness drive focusing migrant labourers in the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17083895", "title": "Employees at Divisional railway manager office harass retired rail staff", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The retired employees of railways are being harassed on a routine basis by employees of Divisional railway manager. They have to run from pillar to post to sort out their grievances.In a recent case, Ram Vishan, a retired employee residing in Kanpur came to DRM office for getting the medical card.He came along with president of All India Retired Railwaymen's Federation Kishan Singh.However, the clerk talked using abusive language with both persons and threatened them.For the issue of medial card, Ram Vishan had to submit a no dues certificate of the bank regarding non-taking of the medical allowance. He gave a hand-written certificate to the personnel department staff Amod Singh duly signed by the bank manager.However, he rejected from taking the application.The contention of the clerk was that he would take a computerised copy from the bank. However, the hapless retired employees said that \"As he has come from Kanpur and medical allowance is urgently required, therefore, it is not possible to bring a computerised copy from Kanpur. He also gave the reference about his old age.He then met the senior divisional personnel manager and the latter ordered that the necessary memo should be issued to the booking office so that medical card can be given to him.However, when the retired employee met the personnel department staff, he issued the wrong memo.This memo issued by the erring employee of the personnel department was different. For the issue of medical card, the relevant head of the accounts is Z-660.However, the personnel department staff deliberately mentioned the head Z-651which is entirely different. This was done simply of harassing the retired employee so that he cold not easily get the medical card.When president of All India Retired Railwaymen's federation Kishan Singh intervened in the matter and requested him not to harass the employee, the clerk concerned abused him and also thereatend him.Narrating his woes, the hapless Kishan Sing said \"I have been fighting for the rights of the retired pensioner for the past 20 to 25 years but I have never been treated in this shabby manner. I have also interacted with the officer but they behave with courtesy.However, this incident has deeply affected him.Peeved over the matter, Kishan Singh has also submitted a written complaint to the divisional railway manager about the incident and urged for taking action against the erring employee of the personnel department.Talking to TOI, chief public relations officer of NCR said that \"We accord due respect to our retired employees and every effort is taken to do their work promptly. However, he assured that this matter would be looked and necessary action taken against the erring employee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17081478", "title": "Will Nitish's visit give a boost to Biharis in Pakistan?", "text": "Punjabi folk singers lined the road, performed bhangra on dhol beats to welcome then Punjab chief minister Amarinder Singh to the Pakistani side of the land of five rivers in January 2004. Amarinder was overwhelmed and described his journey to Lahore a pilgrimage, as the city \"is a central pillar in the edifice of the composite Punjabi culture\". His engagements in Pakistan for the next few days were imbued with deep commitment to the promotion of divided Punjab's shared heritage.Over eight years later, Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar would take the same route to Pakistan for a five-day visit. Like Amarinder, he may not feel as much culturally at home elsewhere in Pakistan, but parts of its economic hub of Karachi would be an exception. The city has a sizable Bihari population that had retained its distinct identity despite being clubbed with ethnic Urdu-speakers of the Sindh province and its capital Karachi.Abdul Kadir Khanzada, who represents Orangi Town in Pakistan's parliament, said he would like to welcome Nitish to his constituency, where a majority of over a million people have their roots in Bihar. \"Though my family came from Alwar in Rajputana (Rajasthan) but 70% of my voters are those with roots in Bihar, who would relate to the chief minister's visit,\" he told TOI from Karachi, which the CM would visit as part of his itinerary.He said his party had always supported peace process with India and hoped Nitish's visit would boost the ties. \"I would speak to my leader in parliament, Farooq Sattar , and see whether we could invite Nitish Kumar to connect with people who have roots in his state.\"Biharis have enriched Karachi's cosmopolitan culture and their imprint on the city is perhaps best reflected in making famed Bihari kebabs an integral part of its culinary attractions.The place where the early immigrants from Bihar settled after the Partition is still known as Bihar colony in Karachi's Layari Town. Mostly well-off immigrants managed to reach Karachi, then Pakistani capital, following riots in Bihar in the run up to the partition and the rest of about three million found it easier to crossover to then East Pakistan - Bangladesh. Around 163,000 of them were repatriated to Pakistan in 70s and 80s after Bangladesh's liberation as they were accused of being collaborators, targeted and faced linguistic discrimination.Most repatriated Biharis were settled in Orangi Town. Nearly 800,000 Biharis had declared themselves as Pakistanis after the 71 liberation and most had sought to settle in Pakistan.The repatriation of Biharis to Pakistan was stopped in the 80s after bloody ethnic riots over it that further tilted the politico-ethnic balance in favour of Karachi's dominant Urdu-speaking people and Mutthida Quami Movement, the country's third largest party representing them.The process started briefly in the 1990s when 321 Biharis were brought to Pakistan on the condition that they would settle in Punjab. A Bihari colony was set up for them 370-km from Islamabad at Mian Channu in Punjab's Khanewal district. Successive Pakistani governments have since gone back on their promise to bring back an estimated 300,000 million Biharis, also known as stranded Pakistanis, who live in 66 camps without citizenship rights in Bangladesh.A recent report in a Gulf paper highlighted the miserable condition of Mian Channu's Pakistani Biharis, who along with their brethren in Bangladesh represent the horrors of the double partition that they faced while other communities uprooted in the aftermath of the 1947 division have prospered and moved on.The report cited the plight of 60-year-old Manzar Husain, who arrived in Mian Channu in 1993, leaving behind his 6-year-old daughter, now a mother of three. He expected her to be on the next flight to Pakistan, but that was not to be and has not since seen her. Further repatriation was halted and Husain has lost all hopes of seeing his daughter and grandchildren.The National reported that Mian Channu's Bihari colony is now a slum and Punjabis now occupy most of the two-room apartments constructed for Biharis.But Kamran Asdar Ali, a US-based Pakistani academic whose parents had migrated from Bihar, argued that the community is very diverse in Pakistan. \"... Biharis in Pakistan are in all walks of life, from the most wealthy and influential to the most- lowly urban poor, much like in India. Biharis are in the Indian Civil service or are getting admission to St Stephens College, but then there are the rickshaw drivers in Kolkata and the migrant labour in Mumbai. Same in Pakistan.\"Scholar and anti-colonial activist Eqbal Ahmad, who was born in Bihar's Sasaram, was among the prominent Pakistani-Biharis, who earned international acclaim.Ali said Biharis have been given a \"politically available identity of being Mohajir\", which, he added, \"by all means is a constructed ethnicity \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a family that migrated from Madras or Bombay is also Mohajir and those who migrated from Bihar or UP are also Mohajirs\".But Bihari Quami Movement was formed a few years earlier in Karachi, which is perhaps indicative of the community's attempt to assert its separate identity.The academic said most Pakistani-Biharis may not know about Nitish, his visit and what he has done in Bihar. \"But his coming to Pakistan may change that.\"It could also reinforce another shared heritage in the public consciousness of India and Pakistan having more in common than what divides them to further cement the bilateral engagement that now seems to be looking up again.Comments have been closed to this story", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17081906", "title": "State Human Rights Commission seeks report on Yerran's death", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Andhra Pradesh State Human Rights Commission (SHRC) on Saturday sought a report from the health authorities following charges that senior TDP leader K Yerrannaidu had died due to non-availability of first-aid facility and oxygen supply in the ambulance.Advocate Dhangopal filed a petition in the SHRC alleging that the ambulance of the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) in which Yerran was shifted to a private hospital in Srikakulam following the accident, was not equipped with oxygen and first aid. \"He could have survived had the authorities provided the facilities in the ambulance,\" the petitioner contended. Following the petition, the commission sought a report from Srikakulam district medical and health officer (DM&HO;) and the NHAI director in this regard by December 12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17082148", "title": "E-governance in Surat to get a boost", "text": "SURAT: Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) has set a two-year target to achieve international standards in its e-governance. One major change that it would bring about in Surat-which has the tag of being the best city in the country as far as e-governance is considered-is online approval of construction plans within six months.It has an auto DPR software installed in its system but doesn't have a Geographical Information System (GIS). Thus an applicant seeking approval of his construction plan has to physically come and submit the proposals.\"In the next six months, we will be equipped with GIS and then the construction plan applications can be submitted online. Answering queries and final approvals could be sought online,\" said Jivan Patel, deputy commissioner of planning, SMC.The town planning department approves at least 400 plans every year.Surat received 54 marks in e-governance at a seminar organized by Union Urban Development Ministry and Janaagrah, a non-government organization, in New Delhi on Wednesday. Mumbai, which was placed second, got 46. The third spot went to Pune with 44 marks.Surat stood first along with overall top rank for transparency and accountability. Mumbai stood first for online services and Pune was first in citizens voice category.\"This award is a motivation for us to achieve even higher standards. We will add more services online and would make our work user friendly. We also plan to start a citizens forum ,\" said municipal commissioner Manoj Das.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17082603", "title": "Meter works! But only on fitness certificate day", "text": "CHENNAI: Kannammapet offers a rare sight: Autorickshaws with working meters. Only that they have been repaired for a day when drivers take their vehicles for the annual fitness certificate.Several autos drivers diligently line up outside Metro Meter, an authorised service centre for fixing auto meters in Kannammapet. Though auto meters are often dead show pieces, business is thriving at four such centres in Kannammapet.Meter mechanic V Suresh says that he gets at least seven meters to fix everyday. He makes a living out of the farce called RTO inspection of meters. For the 66,000-odd auto drivers in the city, it is an annual ritual to fix the meter to get the fitness certification. \"RTO officials are very particular about meters when we take our vehicles for FC,\" said R Kannan, an auto driver. \"But both the officials and I know that it is a one-day drama that happens every year,\" he added.The largely futile bureaucratic process has not translated into anything good for the public. \"I set up the shop around the time when electronic meters were made mandatory. Though I don't see them being used, I am happy that I get business. It would, however, be better if it is being used through the year,\" he said.Suresh says there is no doubt that these drivers come to please officials, and not for using them on the road \"Most of them come around noon, as the time for fitness certification ends by 2pm at the regional transport offices,\" he said. It is mostly about replacing batteries, that stops working after a year of not functioning, he says. \"In some cases, I have to redo the wiring,\" said Suresh. Charging up to 200 for fixing a meter, he takes home 15,000 a month.RTO officials ask for a certificate of approval from people like Suresh and then take the vehicle for a test drive to see if the meters are working properly. Officials say inspections would become meaningful once the government introduces new auto fares.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17081662", "title": "Poor amenities on special trains", "text": "PATNA: The East Central Railway (ECR) has been running several pairs of special passenger trains from various places under its five divisions on different routes to clear passengers' rush post festivals. However, poor amenities being provided to passengers aboard special trains have drawn flak from them.Rohit, who was travelling by the Delhi-Patna special train last week with other family members, said, \"We suffered a lot on the running train as there was no catering service available. Even water was not available causing great hardship to all. Sanitation was also poor in the coaches.\"Narrating his experience, Ankur, student of a Delhi-based college, said he faced a lot of difficulty while travelling in the sleeper bogie of the special train on Monday. Though the train left Delhi in time, it took almost 48 hours to cover the journey up to Patna Junction. Besides, there was no light, water and other amenities in the special train, he said.Akriti and Vijaya had booked their tickets in AC 3 by duplicate Sampoorna Kranti Express from Patna to New Delhi on October 28. There was no information about late running of the train. However, when they inquired about the train at Patna Junction, they were told that the train would leave in the morning on October 29 at 6am. The train reached Delhi next day at 1.30am in night, they said in anguish.Anuj Kumar, who too faced problems while travelling by a special train from Mumbai, said that railways has been charging the same fare for special trains as being charged for other mail and express trains. However, passengers were not provided proper amenities, he said.Supriya, a student studying in Rajasthan, said she had to travel by special train from Delhi to Patna recently as there was a long waitlist in all Patna-bound trains. As there was no escort party guarding the train, passengers got apprehensive and remained awake the whole night to protect their valuables as soon as the train left Mughalsarai during night, she said, adding non-availability of water in the special train coaches was a great mental and physical torture for bona fide passengers.Similarly, S R Singh, who travelled by the special train recently from Mumbai to Patna, had a nightmarish experience too during journey. Most of the passengers remained hungry as there was no provision to ensure supply of meals or eatables on train. \"Children suffered a lot for want of food and water while elders had to take bread and banana throughout the 34-hour journey,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17082213", "title": "Many colonies may not be eligible for regularization", "text": "JAIPUR: Relaxations provided by the state government during the 'Prashan Shero Ke Sang' to regularize colonies may not cheer up many staying in unregularized colonies as the residents will continue to be deprived of basic facilities.According to a senior official of the Jaipur Development Authority (JDA), after the state government provided the relaxation, the scope of regularizing the colonies may have increased but many may not be eligible.Housing colonies falling under the ecological zone will not be regularized during the camps. Similarly, colonies developed on JDA and RHB land will continue to be deprived of basic facilities such as roads and drainage till they get permission from state government. \"To seek directions, we approached state government for regularizing such colonies. However, the plot owners can submit the record during the camps,\" the official said.Officials also said the JDA will distribute around 20,000 land deeds during the camps. So far in the preparation camps, around 6,500 applications have been received. \"Land owners can deposit the applications at the citizen care centre (CCC) at JDA if they miss to deposit applications during the camps,\" the official said.The state government recently has given relaxation to regularize colonies facing difficulties since long and not developed as per the building planning committee (BPC) norms. To get regularized, it is necessary for the developer to reserve 40% area as facility area for parks and roads among others.Another official said that the JDA will try to regularize other colonies soon. \"We are trying to resolve the cases of houses having multiple land leases,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17082280", "title": "Dragonair connects Kolkata with Hong Kong", "text": "KOLKATA: Cathay Pacific sister airline Dragonair launched a four-times-a-week service to Kolkata with a ceremony at the Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose International Airport following the arrival of the first flight late on Friday night.Dragonair is the only airline offering a scheduled non-stop service between Hong Kong and Kolkata, with the service operated by Airbus A320 aircraft. Kolkata is the second Indian destination for the airline after Bengaluru, and the network now covers 41 destinations across the Asia-Pacific region, including 20 cities in Mainland China.\"The arrival of Dragonair in Kolkata marks an important step in building the airline's presence in the Indian market. With the launch of the only non-stop flight between Kolkata and Hong Kong, and with our great connections to over 160 destinations around the world from our Hong Kong hub, we are confident that we will be able to cater to the different needs of travelers from this region,\" said Tom Wright , Dragonair general manager (South Asia, West Asia &amp; Africa).Wright further said the airline was committed to provide high-quality products and services to make it the airline of choice in the market. The flight will land in Kolkata at 11.30pm on Wednesday, Friday, Saturday and Sunday and depart for Hong Kong at 12.15am on Monday, Thursday, Saturday and Sunday.To mark the service launch, passengers and crew on the first flight to Kolkata were given a traditional Indian welcome including Bengali sweets on arrival, while those departing for Hong Kong also received a souvenir.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17082466", "title": "Green cover loss spells doom for animals", "text": "KOLKATA: Kolkata is home to three highly endangered and an endangered species of animals. But the rate at which the city is losing its green cover and open spaces, they might soon be wiped out, indicates the first official study on Kolkata's biodiversity.Among the species under threat are the Great Indian Mongoose and the jackal that have been fast disappearing from the pockets they had inhabited. Conducted by an NGO on behalf of the West Bengal Biodiversity Board (WBBB), the study has come up with a complete inventory of the city's flora and fauna, something which has never been attempted in the past.The year-long study was concluded last May and the report was submitted to the WBBB in September. It could be published in early 2013. Society for Environment and Development, the NGO, employed around 100 students for the job in 2011. They spread out to the city's biodiversity-rich areas like the lakes, parks and the Maidan.\"The students were taken from five colleges and two universities in the city. We divided the city into five zones \u00e2\u20ac\u201d east, west, north, south and central for the study. What we found was perhaps always known. But we need the data to initiate a conservation drive,\" said AK Ghosh, who led the study.The study has led to an exhaustive list of Kolkata's mammals, birds, reptiles, amphibia, fish, flies, bees, wasps and other insects, apart from spiders and molluscs. It has also thrown up a complete list of the city's fauna.According to the study, Kolkata has 20 species of mammals, 107 kinds of birds, one amphibian species and eight local varieties of fish. It also has 64 butterfly species, 35 species of flies, 10 species of ants, 13 species of insects, two species of snails and 35 spider species.Of the city's 667 plants species, 96 have medicinal properties, the study revealed. The plants include 161 species of herbs, 205 species of shrubs, 229 flowering species and 68 climbers. \"While the numbers seem impressive, we have no way of making a comparison to gauge the loss we might have suffered. But our study indicates that biodiversity has been seriously affected by the rapid urbanization and loss of green cover. The Maidan accounts for nearly half of the city's total open space. There has been a massive habitat destruction on the city's fringes, including Salt Lake,\" said Ghosh.The more worrying part of the study report was the one on the vanishing animal species. While the study hasn't been able to throw light on the rate at which the endangered species have been dwindling in Kolkata, it indicates that they were fast being driven towards extinction. The Small Indian Mongoose and the Gangetic dolphin, both schedule I animals, still existed in Kolkata but were not widely observed. Jackal, a schedule II species, was left in a few pockets of north and east Kolkata, the study says.The study would help to fulfill the three requirements of the Biological Diversity Act, 2002 and the West Bengal Biological Diversity Rules, 2005, according to Ashok Sanyal, chairman, WBBB.\"Conservation, sustainable utilization of natural resources and benefit sharing have been laid down as the three objectives. So far, Kolkata did not have a people-biodiversity register (PBR). Without it, we have been going in the dark. Now, this data will help us launch a conservation drive and preserve Kolkata's biodiversity,\" said Sanyal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17083383", "title": "Maharashtra lags in RTE compliance", "text": "MUMBAI: Maharashtra does not figure among the top 10 states or Union territories in implementation of the Right to Education (RTE) Act, including parameters such as reserving 25% seats for the poor in private schools.From something as basic as providing drinking water facilities at schools to upgrading the curriculum, Maharashtra lags in at least six parameters, showed a Central government review of the RTE Act for 2011-12 academic year.According to the RTE Act, all states were supposed to renew their curricula. While Bihar, Karnataka, Uttar Pradesh, Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh and Orissa have already completed the exercise, Maharashtra's curriculum is still in the works \u00e2\u20ac\u201d one of only nine states that are lagging.N K Jarag, director of Maharashtra State Council of Educational Research and Training (MSCERT), though, said the new curriculum will be given to the state government soon for approval, and will be implemented from the next academic year. Jarag added there has been no delay in renewing the syllabus.While Maharashtra is not among the states that have the highest number of untrained teachers, the state is yet to conduct the Teacher Eligibility Test (TET). This, even as 23 others have already completed it.Maharashtra has a total of 3.4 lakh sanctioned posts for teachers under the Sarva Shikshan Abhiyan Scheme, of which 32,746 were vacant. The percentage of schools that comply with the pupil-teacher ratio (PTR) is around 81.7%. Though it is better than the country's average of 59%, ot her bigger states such as Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka and Ja mmu and Kashmir fare better; Maharashtra stands 14th.While 92.2% of 69,722 schoo ls in the state have drinking water, its performance cannot be counted among the best; 98-100 % schools in Delhi, Gujarat and Punjab have it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17081909", "title": "'Upgrade King George Hospital to the level of Nizam Institute of Medical Sciences hospital '", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Senior BJP leader M Venkaiah Naidu has urged the government to upgrade King George Hospital (KGH) to a super specialty hospital on the lines of Nizam Institute of Medical Sciences (NIMS) in Hyderabad.He said KGH was the oldest hospital in the north coastal Andhra region which is frequented by patients from neighbouring states and time has come for the authorities to upgrade the hospital.Venkaiah Naidu said the emergency medical services on the national highways were not prompt.He said senior TDP leader K Yerrannaidu's sudden death in the car accident on NH-16 on Friday was a clear case of the failure of 108 services.He said the authorities should take the necessary steps to maintain the ambulance fleet in good condition with all the required emergency medical facilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "aizawl", "code": "17082644", "title": "Ten Meghalaya excise &amp; narcotics officials felicitated", "text": "AIZAWL: The four-day training programme conducted by the Mizoram excise and narcotics department for its Meghalaya counterpart ended on Friday. Ten officials from the Meghalaya excise and narcotics department were felicitated at a valedictory programme held on Friday to mark the end of the programme.The Meghalaya team leader assistant commissioner of excise and narcotics wing B Syiem said the training had benefitted them immensely and it will enable them to perform their duties better in the future. The senior officials accompanying the team were superintendent B Nongrum and inspector J Wahlang.\"We have never been exposed to this kind of work culture in Meghalaya. I hope more training sessions are held in the future,\" Syiem said. He added that the Mizoram counterpart were better equipped than its Meghalaya counterpart in terms of arms and equipments for detection.Syiem said, \"Drug-related crime in Meghalaya is far less than Manipur, but that could be because we were not properly equipped to detect what's really going on. After all, Meghalaya is a important route, which is connected to other states of the northeast and it also shares a long and porous boundary with Bangladesh . Most of the detection and seizures have been done by customs or the Meghalaya police.\"The assistant commissioner said he hoped to share what he had learnt here with his staff in the Meghalaya narcotics control bureau. The training included advanced lessons in detection, seizure and prosecution under the ND&PS; Act.On the last day, a firing programme was arranged for the trainees in the Assam Rifles firing range here where Brig Rawat, commander 23 sector AR was the instructor. Brig Rawat said that the collaboration between the law enforcement agencies is even more crucial now as the illegal drug trade is growing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17083249", "title": "Bust of Indian-origin spy to be unveiled in London", "text": "LONDON: A bronze bust of Indian-origin 'spy princess' Noor Inayat Khan, a first memorial in Britain to either a Muslim or an Asian woman, will be unveiled in London next week in honour of the war heroine who died on a secret mission against the Nazis.The bronze statue sculpted by London-based artist Karen Newman will be unveiled by Britain's Princess Anne on November 8 in Gordon Square, near the house where Noor lived as a child.The event marks the end of several years of campaigning by the Noor Inayat Khan Memorial Trust headed by her biographer Shrabani Basu, to revive the memory of the forgotten war heroine.The campaign has received the support of British PM David Cameron and several MPs and peers, as well as from eminent women like film maker Gurinder Chadha , stage artist Nina Wadia, and sitarist Anoushka Shankar .\"We are delighted that the Princess Royal is unveiling the bust. It will be the highest honour for Noor,\" said Shrabani Basu, author of 'Spy Princess, The Life of Noor Inayat Khan' and founder of the trust. Noor was sent into France by Winston Churchill's secret Special Operations Executive (SOE) in June 1943, but was betrayed and captured a few months later. She was shot by the Secret Service in Dachau in September 1944, aged 30, and was posthumously awarded the George Cross as well as the Croix de Guerre by France. She was one of only three women in the SOE to be awarded the George Cross.The other two - Violette Szabo and Odette Hallowes - have had far more recognition , including films about their lives. The University London, which owns Gordon Square, gave permission for bust installation in 2010.Born in Moscow to an Indian father, Hazrat Inayat Khan, founder of the mystical Sufi Order of the West and an American mother, Ora Ray Baker , Noor was descendant of Tipu Sultan , the 18th century ruler of Mysore. The family lived in London and moved to Paris when Noor was six. In 1940 as Paris fell to occupation , Noor returned to London to volunteer for the war effort. She joined the Women's Auxiliary air force and was recruited by the SOE.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17083044", "title": "And the best road award goes to\u00e2\u20ac\u00a6", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: One of the first things that tourists notice after coming to Bhubaneswar these days is its well-maintained and wide roads. Only recently, cricketer Harbhajan Singh was all praise for the state capital's well-planned roads. From celebrities like him to common tourists, many have been bowled over by some major thoroughfares here.While the road from Raj Bhavan to Jaydev Vihar has been regarded for a long time as the best road in the city, the Janpath (Vani Vihar-Master Canteen-Rajmahal) now seems to be vying for the top slot with the opening of Rajmahal flyover and construction of eight lanes.The eight-lane Janpath is now the widest inner road in city. Among the other two important parallel roads to Janpath, the Raj Bhavan-Jaydev Vihar stretch is six-lane while Sachivalaya Marg (Acharya Vihar-AG Chowk) is four-lane.\"Janpath is definitely the best road in the city now. It is the widest and also the most well-maintained, especially the stretch from Vani Vihar to Master Canteen. The only bottlenecks here are people parking vehicles on the road and traffic management at Rammandir Square,\" said Dr Arabinda Mohanty, president of Saheed Nagar socio-cultural society. Saheed Nagar off Janpath is among the most sought after residential-cum-commercial areas of the capital.If one passes through Janpath from Vani Vihar towards Master Canteen, several commercial establishments, branded showrooms and shopping arcades greet them on the left. On the right, there are a number of important government and educational institutions and places of worship. \"The Janpath is city's main lifeline and a hub of commercial activities. The recent widening has made it a commuters' delight,\" said municipal commissioner Sanjib Kumar Mishra.Mishra, however, said both Master Canteen-Vani Vihar and Governor House-Jaydev Vihar could be the best roads in the city. \"But it would be difficult to compare the two roads. Let's say both are the best,\" Mishra said.Mishra added that visitors like Rajbhawan-Jaydev Vihar road because they can move through the stretch uninterrupted. It is also ideal for VIP movement. With the Kalinga Stadium and 120 Battalion premises occupying a large chunk, it is not dotted with too many residential or commercial areas. On the other hand, being the city's main trading zone, Janpath is a more crowded road.There are others also who think Janpath would lose out to the Raj Bhavan to Jaydev Vihar road if there is ever such a competition for the top spot. \"I still regard Rajbhawan-Jaydev Vihar as the best road in the city because of its hassle-free travel. Janpath, on the contrary, has too many cuts on the road divider making driving here a lot more risky,\" said N K Panda, former chief secretary and president of Citizens' Apex Association, a civil society group.Panda said one lane each on either side of Janpath is not being used as shoppers park their vehicles at most places right on the road. Most shopping complexes don't have their own parking space, he rued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17081657", "title": "Girl missing from Maharaja Yeshwantrao Hospital", "text": "INDORE: Leaving her daughter alone at Maharaja Yeshwantrao Hospital (MYH) on Friday night, turned out to be a costly affair for a father who visited the hospital for treatment. Ranjeet Singh, a resident of Dewas lost his six-year-old daughter Anjali from the hospital premises. He had left his daughter with a baggage with an unknown woman.Ranjeet, lost his leg nearly a year ago while working as a helper with a private city bus operator. Disabled and unemployed, Ranjeet, went back to village while he left his two daughters Priyanka and Anjali with relatives in Depalpur and Indore respectively. Both the kids lost their mother four years back in a pregnancy related issue. As a routine visit to city, Ranjeet met her younger daughter Anjali and took her along to MYH on Friday.According to the police, Ranjeet had met doctors in OPD but they asked him to get previous medical records which he could not produce. Hopeless, he took Anjali and sat in the hospital garden. Again, he went for eye check-up in OPD leaving her daughter and baggage with an unknown woman. Returning after five minutes, he could not find Anjali on spot. He tried finding her but after losing all hopes he reported the matter to Sanyogitaganj police station where a missing report was lodged. Meanwhile, police is investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17082291", "title": "Gujarat University VC\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s day out ruined", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After avoiding public functions for long, Gujarat University vice chancellor Adesh Pal ventured out to attend a graduation ceremony of the JG Group of Colleges. Here too Pal saw a group of NSUI members disrupting proceedings shouting slogans \"Batliboy go back\".The students had to be literally pushed out of the ceremony. Ever since Pal assumed charge as vice chancellor, NSUI workers have been targeting him with a vicious campaign. For some time now, Pal, fearing attacks by student leaders had engaged private security services and even the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17087961", "title": "Pelli Pusthakam is not a yesteryear remake", "text": "Upcoming Telugu romantic entertainer \"Pelli Pusthakam\" is not a remake of the 1991 movie of the same name, says director Ramakrishna Macchakanti. \"My film is not a remake of the old 'Pelli Pusthakam'. We named it after the old film because the story demanded it. Moreover, we've also taken the permission to use the same title,\" Ramakrishna said.Niti Taylor and Rahul Ravindran have been roped in to play the lead in the film, which also stars Anil, Nagineedu, Yashaswini and Srinivas. Produced by T. Nagireddy, T.V Gopal and P. Suman, \"Pelli Pusthakam\" will have music by Sekhar Chandra and editing by Martand K. Venkatesh.Source: www.haihoi.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17081656", "title": "Music buffs leftpanting for more", "text": "PATNA: On the second day of the Takshila Utsav, Patnaites had a wonderful musical evening in the company of music maestros Sandipan Samajpati and Manjari Asnare Kelkar on the premises of College of Arts and Craft on Saturday.Exponents of the new generation of Kirana and Jaipur Atrauli gharanas respectively, Sandipan and Kelkar mesmerized the audience with a few songs of pure Hindustani classical vocal music. The programme opened with Sandipan's presentation of 'khayal' and 'thumri', a hallmark of Kirana gharana as well as the Gwalior gharana. Trained under Pandit Ram Ashray Jha and Pandit Manas Chakraborty, Sandipan created magic with 'Vilambit' and several 'madhyalaya' and 'drut' compositions in evening ragas, as the audience longed for more.The other performance which stole the hearts of the audience was the rendition of raga Bhoop and Sawni Nat, by Kelkar. The 'shishya' of Pandit C T Mhaiskar of Sangli and Pandit M S Kanetkar, Kelkar added an emotional richness to her performance with her classical repertoire like 'tappa'. Besides vocal music she also has an expertise in Kathak.\"Such performances give a glimpse of the rich culture India possesses. Today's performance left me enthralled and I am inspired to learn classical music,\" said Shikha, one from the audience.Manjari Kelkar is the recipient of the coveted Raza Foundation Award 2008 and both the doyens of classical vocal music had received the prestigious Sangeet Natak Akademi's Bismillah Khan Yuva Puraskar in the year 2006.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17082346", "title": "Pune student wins silver medal at natl science exhibition", "text": "PUNE: Viraj Gapchoop, a standard X student of Jnana Prabodhini high school in Nigdi, has bagged the silver medal and 'Inspire Award' at the national science exhibition and project competition organised by the department of science and technology, recently.Gapchoop's model was a semi-automatic water pump controller. Around 3.25 lakh students participated in the competition. He was one of the four students shortlisted for the competition.The exhibition was held in Pragati Maidan, New Delhi from October 21 to 23. Gapchoop received the award from then union minister for science and technology Ravi Vayalar. He received a laptop, a cheque of Rs 10,000, a silver medal and a certificate. He will also interact with President Pranab Mukherjee at Rashtrapati Bhavan next year.The award encourages students between 10 and 15 years of age to come up with ideas and innovations in science, maths and technology and offers Rs 5,000 each to develop their models and presentations. The department encourages students to opt for studies in pure sciences to become scientists.Viraj told TOI that his model saves electricity and water. He had worked on it for two years. The pump switches off to prevent overflow of water and in case of a dry run protects the motor. The model has been made out of scrap, he said.\"As the youngest in the family, I was always tasked with switching off the pump. I had observed that there was wastage of water if I delayed it. On enquiry in the market, I found that censors were available, but they were expensive and could not be repaired. So I decided to design a system,'' he said. His father Dinesh Gapchoop said that the innovation would be patented.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17083117", "title": "Mysore, Sweden tie up for biogas plant", "text": "MYSORE: If MCC's plan unfolds as expected, Mysore will have a biogas plant in about two years. MCC has signed an agreement with Eskiltuna Energy and Environment (EEE) of Sweden to do a feasibility study in building up a sustainable system for handling organic waste for biogas production. It will serve as a background for preparing a detailed project report and a new sustainable biogas production unit.\"For EEE, this will be the first sustainable system project in India and third outside Sweden. We're working on treating waste water in Indonesia and waste management in China,\" EEE project manager Matthias Gustaffson told STOI.EEE was established in 1993 as a municipality-owned company for distribution of electricity, fresh water production, sewage and solid waste treatment. \"We did a pre-feasibility study since April, 2012 and as per our study, Mysore generates around 280 tonnes waste every day. We can generate approximately 5.2 million cubic metres of methane,\" he said.On Friday, EEE signed an agreement for a feasibility study. \"We're entering into an agreement to study the feasibility of the project,\" said MCC commissioner M R Ravi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17081087", "title": "Hillary Clinton greets new foreign minister Khurshid", "text": "NEW DELHI: Foreign minister Salman Khurshid on Saturday conveyed ``deep sympathies'' to the US over the devastation caused by Hurricance Sandy in what was his first conversation with the secretary of state Hillary Clinton after taking over. Clinton had called Khurshid on Saturday evening to congratulate him on taking charge as India's new foreign minister.Clinton also thanked Khurshid for India's leadership in securing US the Dialogue Partner status in IORARC. US became the 6th dialogue partner at the IOR-ARC ministerial meeting in Gurgaon on Friday.\"She recounted EAM's visit to White House as a member of PM Narasimha Rao's team and also invited the foreign minister to visit US next year,\" said a government official. The conversation between them lasted for 15 minutes. The two leaders are also said to have discussed other strategic issues, especially the situation in South Asia , during their conversation.State department spokesman Mark Toner had earlier said that secretary of state Hillary Clinton looks forward to work with Khurshid. \"We believe he will be a valued partner in carrying forward the strategic dialogue that secretary Clinton has co-chaired and in building what President Obama has called a defining partnership with India,\" he said in response to a question about India's new external affairs minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17082458", "title": "Nilam blows away city\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s green cover", "text": "CHENNAI: Cyclone Nilam has left the city less green. More than 800 trees were uprooted by the gusty winds that blew across the city through Wednesday.Leafy neighbourhoods looked like, as an environmentalist put it, a tree cemetery on Thursday. In South Chennai, virtually every road with avenue trees lost at least a couple of them. The corporation on Saturday counted among the wrecked foliage, 61 big trees which were more than 50 years old. Then there were 771 younger ones uprooted. Several more trees lost their branches.Environmentalists say this loss will marginally reduce the city's green cover. \"It will definitely affect the quality of the city's environment,\" says Shobha Menon of Nizhal. The city's green cover which currently stands at 9.5% of the city's total area, is way short of the 33% envisaged in the National Forest Policy formulated in 1988.While the shrinking green cover could be blamed on development, environmentalists say a little more attention to the species of saplings and locations chosen by the government could prevent such disasters. \"It is important to choose indigenous species like 'veppam', 'pungan' and 'poovarasan' which are more suitable to the local conditions,\" says Menon. \"Even more important is to nurture saplings carefully so that they grow into stable trees,\" she adds.Regular maintenance includes pruning, and lopping of branches. Other tree conservationists who believe that the city is not developed to handle so many trees say this could create more space for the surviving trees to flourish.\"Trees use a lot of natural resources like groundwater and soil,\" says Ranjit Daniels of Care Earth. \"They often plant varieties that grow to have huge canopies that are not suitable for the city,\" he added.The civic body has been struggling to find space to plant the two lakh saplings promised by the mayor on the chief minister's last birthday. \"We have instructed the parks department to immediately look at planting saplings in all the locations where an existing tree has fallen,\" said corporation commissioner D Karthikeyan.The civic body in the last three days has been working hard to ensure that the fallen trees do not block traffic. \"We managed to clear the trees and push them to the road sides in less than 24 hours,\" said the commissioner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "paris", "code": "17085538", "title": "Bhupathi-Bopanna pair in Paris Masters final", "text": "PARIS: The Indian pair of Mahesh Bhupathi and Rohan Bopanna stood just win away from for its second ATP men's doubles title together this season after advancing to the BNP Paribas Masters final.Fifth seeds Bhupathi and Bopanna defeated Paul Hanley and Jonathan Marray 7-5, 6-3. The Indians saved all five break points faced on serve while capitalising on two of their opportunities to emerge triumphant.Bhupathi and Bopanna will be attempting to win their second title of the season following their triumph at the Dubai Duty Free Tennis Championships.They were finalists earlier this year at a pair of ATP World Tour Masters 1000 tournaments -- the Western and Southern Open in Cincinnati and the Shanghai Rolex Masters.They will be up against seventh seeds Aisam-Ul-Haq Qureshi and Jean-Julien Rojer in the finals. Qureshi and Rojer rallied past Marin Cilic and Marcelo Melo 0-6 6-4 11-9 in their semifinal clash.They are through to their third final of the season after lifting trophies at the Estoril Open and Gerry Weber Open in Halle.Qureshi is bidding for a successful title defence in Paris , having captured it last year with Bopanna. Rojer will contest his first ATP World Tour Masters 1000 final.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17082269", "title": "Regional Transport Office fitness camps for transport vehicles receives poor response", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Regional Transport Office's special camps to issue fitness certificates to transport vehicles registered poor response. While the RTO had expected at least 400 to 500 vehicles to participate, a mere 100 vehicle owners completed the test procedures during the six camps held at the transport authority's Alandi Road office in October.This was Pune RTO's first attempt at holding special camps to issue fitness certificates, a move prompted by the state government's instructions to conduct extensive fitness test of all types of transport vehicles, including trucks, tempos, buses, autorickshaws, good carriers, etc.\"All the camps were conducted on Sundays, local holidays and public holidays so that vehicle owners could take time out for the test. However, responses to all six camps remained very poor. The camp on October 26, the Bakri Id holiday, registered the highest turnout (26 vehicles) while the lowest turnout, with only 5 vehicles visiting the camp throughout the day, was registered on October 28. We don't know the reasons for such poor response,\" said an RTO official.The official said the RTO has introduced several changes in the fitness test. For example, the RTO inspector now takes an average 15 to 20 minutes to complete the fitness test of a vehicle. The special camps were planned to restrict any delays and avoid pendency for fitness tests, considering a possibility that lesser number of vehicles would complete the test in a day owing to extended procedures, which include on-track test of tyres, engine, brakes, steering, wheel alignments and lights of a vehicle.\"We were expecting minimum 60 to 70 and maximum 100 vehicles at every camp. However, just 30% to 40% vehicles registered,\" said an official.Sources from the transport industry said that vehicles plying without proper fitness certificates were large in numbers and that unchecked problems could increase the chances of sudden breakdown of vehicles and even accidents.The RTO has pointed out that it was the responsibility of the vehicle owner to procure a fitness certificate. The RTO said they planned to continue the camps through the next three months on Sundays and public holidays. Officials hoped the response would go up in future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17081388", "title": "15 names for 'Goa Scholars' awards finalized", "text": "PANAJI: The state government on Saturday finalized 15 names for award of 'Goa Scholars 2012-13' to pursue studies abroad.This year 60 students had applied for the scheme, out which 43 students were shortlisted by the scrutiny committee based on completely transparent yardsticks.Later, the committee unanimously recommended following candidates for award of 'Goa Scholars, 2012-13, a press note issued by the information department said.Arun M Mallya for master of science in computer science, University of Illinois , USA; Jose Manuel Faleiro for computer science, Yale University , USA; Honnekeri Annop Nagraj for MS in architecure (bldg. science) University of California , USA; Sampad S Desai for biotech and biochemical engineering, Indian Institute of Technology, Khargpur; Jose Ralino E Gomes Prazeres for master in electrical engineering, Delft University of Technology, Netherlands; Afshin E Yazdani for masters in electrical engineering, Cornell University, USA; Michael S Gracias for electrical engineering, University of Southern California, USA; Antonio A Bruto Da Costa for computer science and engineering, IIT Kharagpr-India; Jayavanti D Loundo for MA (Filmmaking), Goldsmiths University of London, UK; Reuben F De Sousa for MCh plastic and reconstructive surgery, Armed Forces Medical College, Pune, India; Khwaja Tahura Haneef for MDS (oral pathology and macrobiology), Shri Dharmasthal college of dental sciences and hospital, Dharwad, India; Gajanan A Panandikar for MD (general medicine), Seth G S Medical College and KEM Hospital, Mumbai; Akshay N Prabhu Verlekar for medical physics (health services), Purdue University , USA; Kedar V Khandeparkar for PhD (electrical engineering) IIT, Bombay and Karishma D'Souza for Rijksakadennie Reasearch Residency 2012 Amsterdam.The amount of the scholarship has been enhanced this year to 3 lakh per year for two years in India and US $20,000 (one time) for studies abroad.The Goa scholar scheme was started in the year 2003-04 and since its inception, 64 Goan students have been awarded the prestigious 'Goa Scholar' scholarships. Many of them have completed their studies and are pursuing various vocations in India and abroad. The basic objective of the scholarship is to promote pursuit of post graduate studies by younger population of Goa by way of recognizing the merit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17082256", "title": "Man robbed of 80 thousand", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A Satellite resident was robbed of Rs 80,000 in Amdupura on Thursday. Complainant Mahendra Tanna, a resident of Konark Tower, said two unidentified miscreants driving a car overtook his car and near Shreeji Weigh Bridge on Thursday evening.\"Accusing him of causing accidental damage to their car, they asked him to come out. When Tanna stepped out, the duo broke the glass of his car's front window and took away the bag containing the cash,\" said a cop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar/berhampur", "code": "17083093", "title": "More rain in forecast for next three days", "text": "BHUBANESWAR/BERHAMPUR: Heavy rain lashed most parts of Odisha for the second consecutive day on Saturday, affecting normal life and disrupting communication in several places. The incessant rain triggered water logging in some low lying areas in Bhubaneswar, Berhampur and Cuttack.Rain under the impact of the cyclonic storm, Nilam, which has weakened into a depression, also damaged several acres of standing crops in the state.The weather office report said Bhanjanagar in south Odisha received highest of 269 mm rainfall in the district in the last 24 hours. Other areas that experienced major rainfall on Saturday were Sheragada (225 mm) and Aska (202 mm). Bhubaneswar and Cuttack received 101.2 mm and 77 mm rainfall respectively. The weathermen also forecast that rainfall would continue for at least three more days due to Nilam effect.Reports said one person was washed away in Rushikulya river and three were injured in a wall collapse in Ganjam, which received heavy rain. The deceased was identified as Ugrasen Mallick (35), a handicapped person from Tinka Kandhapalli in Ganjam's Sorada tehsil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "hooghly", "code": "17082261", "title": "TMC accused in attack on factory owner", "text": "HOOGHLY: After Haldia fiasco, traders in the state got another reason to worry on Saturday after a factory owner in Hooghly's Serampore was allegedly attacked by a Trinamool Congress gram panchayat pradhan and his followers, who walked out on bail later in the day. Worst still, the cops reportedly justified slapping of bailable charges against the leader, reasoning that Sumit Agarwal, owner of NCKS Waste Management Pvt Ltd, sustained \"minor\" injuries in the attack.Employees of the factory, which deals in coal tar, now fear that they might be rendered jobless, just like 625 workers of HBT, after Friday's attack. \"The factory might shut down under such circumstances. The owner hasn't declared that it would be business as usual from tomorrow,\" was the common refrain at the factory on Saturday.Trouble began when some 200 villagers got together and invaded the Rajyadharpur gram panchayat office on Delhi Road to complain against \"tremendous pollution\" generated by the factory. However, panchayat pradhan Asim Sil reasoned that permission had been granted as the owner had applied to set up a food processing unit but ended up manufacturing cold tar instead.Villagers then asked Sil and panchayat members Ansad Mullick and Gautam Chakraborty to confront factory owner Sumit Agarwal and settle the matter. The trio soon reached the factory with villagers in tow.During the meeting, Agarwal wanted to speak to Sil separately, but the latter refused to comply. As Agarwal tried to drive home his point, the villagers turned violent. They assaulted Agarwal, tore his shirt and went on a rampage at the factory.A force led by Serampore inspector-in-charge Tathagatha Pandey reached the factory and dispersed the crowd. The pradhan and his two aides were arrested late on Friday night. But they managed to get bail after being produced in court on Saturday morning since they were charged with sections 147,148,149, 329 and 504 of the IPC - all bailable offence.\"I never thought I would be attacked in this way after investing and creating jobs in the state. I don't know how will I run the factory in this situation,\" Agarwal reportedly told Pandey. Senior Hooghly district officials, however, said that the factory has not been closed and that adequate security measures had been taken in and around the factory. Except the security staff, no one was allowed to enter the factory on Saturday.Hooghly: Precipitating Bengal's already gloomy investment climate, three Trinamool leaders who attacked a factory owner in Hooghly's Serampore were treated leniently, so much so that they walked out on bail on Saturday morning, less than 12 hours after their arrest.The administration thought it was enough to slap bailable charges against the Trinamool gram panchayat pradhan and two others for leading Friday's attack on Sumit Agarwal, owner of NCKS Waste Management Pvt. Ltd., and the rampage on his factory at Rajyadharpur. After HBT's exit from Haldia, the fate of this unit manufacturing cold tar and carbon from rejected tyres also hangs in balance with Agarwal expressing doubt over how he could run it after this assault.Employees of this factory fear that like the 625 HBT employees, they too might be rendered jobless after Friday's attack. \"The factory might shut down in this environment and the owner hasn't declared it would be business as usual from tomorrow,\" was their common refrain.Cops in Serampore police station, however, justified slapping mere bailable charges against Agarwal's alleged attackers on the ground that injuries he sustained were minor and that Walsh Hospital in the town discharged him after first aid.Trouble began when some 200 villagers got together and went to the Rajyadharpur Gram Panchayat office on Delhi Road to complain against \"tremendous pollution\" generated by the factory. They asked GP members why the factory was being allowed to pollute the area. GP pradhan Asim Sil said permission had been granted as the owner had applied to set up a food processing unit but ended up manufacturing cold tar instead.Villagers then asked the Trainamool pradhan and GP members Ansad Muliick and Gautam Chakraborty to confront factory owner Sumit Agarwal and settle the matter. The pradhan and his members soon reached the factory with villagers following them. They asked Agarwal why he started polluting the atmosphere after breaching the industrial unit's original plan.Agarwal wanted to speak to Sil separately. But Sil did not agree. As Agarwal tried to drive his point home, the villagers turned violent. They assaulted Agarwal, tore his shirt and went on the rampage in his factory.A force led by Serampore inspector-in-charge Tathagatha Pandey soon reached the factory and dispersed the crowd. The pradhan and the two GP members were arrested late on Friday night. But the Trinamool leaders managed to get bail after production in court on Saturday morning as the prosecution had charged with rioting under sections 147,148,149, 329 and 504 of the IPC - all bailable sections.\"I never thought I would be attacked in this way after investing and creating jobs in the state. I don't know how I can continue to run the factory in this situation,\" Agarwal is said to have told Pandey. Senior Hooghly district officials, however, said that the factory has not been closed and that adequate security measures have been taken in and around the premise. Except the security staff, no one was allowed to enter the factory on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17083472", "title": "15 roadside kiosks demolished", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The demolition drive of Allahabad Municipal Corporation was conducted in Teliarganj area on Saturday. Various roadside kiosks were demolished during the drive.The demolition process started from Motilal Nehru National Institute of Technology (MNNIT) in Teliarganj and proceeded upto Phapamau chungi. Various illegal shops that have cropped on both the sides of the road were razed to the ground during the demolition drive.In the entire operation, about 15 roadside kiosks were demolished and three were also razed to the ground. About four ramps that have been constructed illegally encroaching the drain were also demolished. In addition to this, about 10 shops were also razed to the ground near the Phaphamau chungi.Though the entire drive proceeded smoothly, some of the people tried to create protest as the demolition squad was removing two shops near the toilet.The demolition drive was led by zonal officer Sumit Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "17082411", "title": "Jharkhand State Electricity Board staff plan indefinite strike from Nov 6", "text": "SINDRI: The state is likely to plunge into darkness with 7,000-odd employees of the Jharkhand State Electricity Board (JSEB) planning to go on indefinite strike from November 6 to protest against the state government's proposal to introduce franchise system and press for their 10-point charter.Ram Krishna Singh, state general secretary of Jharkhand Rajya Bijli Kamgar union, said the 7,000-odd employees of the state power body would not accept the proposal to transfer maintenance, meter-reading and billing works to franchisees till the government guarantees their services or gives them voluntary retirement option.Talking to mediapersons after meeting JSEB employees here on Saturday, Singh said the state's plan to hand over different power division to franchisees was aimed at benefiting private companies.JSEB's revenue has gone up to Rs 210 crore from Rs 70 crore and the loan loss has come down to 25 per cent from 40 per cent, said Singh.According to the proposal, the board will purchase power and supply it to the franchisee at a lower rate. This company, in turn, will get a 20 per cent commission on the revenue collected by the board. The franchisee company will get commission for maintenance, meter reading and billing separately, causing a huge loss to the board, Singh added.The JSEB employees' demand also includes promotion of Grade IV employees to Grade III, regularization of services of 194 employees who were reverted to lower grade, payment of 30 per cent more salary than state government employees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17086883", "title": "Prem talks about Charminar", "text": "Lovely Star Prem believes that his role in Charminar is going to be a turning point in his career\"The film sees me in three different looks, as it follows my life in various stages, from school to college to adulthood,\" says Prem, who has worked hard to look his character and adds, \"I would say this is my most challenging role till date. It has been an interesting journey thus far.\"The actor explains that there is reason why the film is titled Charminar . \"Just like the famous monument, the film also shows four important pillars in my life and my experiences with them. These include my family, friends and my lover. The genre is similar to films like My Autograph as it follows the journey of a man. I'm sure the audience, especially the ladies, will like this subject,\" says Prem.The film, which co-stars Meghana Gaonkar, is currently in the post production stage. \"Dubbing for the film was quite interesting too. Since I had to vary my voice according to the age of the character, I always preferred to dub at dawn,\" he explains.The actor also reveals that since the film has a name like Charminar and deals with universal emotions, it might get a release in another language too. \"We are contemplating the idea of releasing a dubbed Telugu version too,\" he says.Meanwhile, the actor is all set to debut in Tamil soon, as his Kannada-Tamil bilingual Chandra has reached its final stage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17082493", "title": "Ranchi to get 16 police checkpoints", "text": "RANCHI: In their efforts to seal all entry and exit points to ensure that criminals don't flee easily after committing a crime in the city, police have been sent a request to the Jharkhand Chamber of Commerce and Industries (Jto supply them 60 mobile barricades.A total of 16 checkpoints have been identified in the city which are located on the routes the criminals take. Currently, checkpoints exist on only those exit points that are connected to national and state highways. As there are not enough checkpoints, criminals find it easy to escape after committing a crime.City SP Vipul Shukla has prepared a list of such spots where the barricades will be put up. \"It will work as a check point where regular checks will be done by police officers,\" said Shukla. No permanent deployment of policemen will, however, be made at these points, he added.The development will help district police keep tabs in cases of kidnapping, bank dacoity and robbery, cash snatching, bike theft, and other crimes. \"As there are not enough checkpoints within the city, policemen find it difficult to zero in on a particular criminal,\" said a deputy superintendent of police.Before criminals reach the highway, where there are checkpoints, they sneak into villages. In the first week of September, suspected rebels from the People's Liberation Front of India (PLFI) had arrived in the city and shot a businessmen and JCCI member Sushil Kejriwal near Namkum and then sped away. A few months ago, a cash snatcher, who was being chased by the police, had left his biker and sneaked into villages near Namkum.\"With the checkpoints in place, we can immediately seal the city and nab the criminals,\" said the city SP.Though no one in the district police could confirm the number, a senior police officer said a large number of mobile barricades, provided to the district police during the National Games, are being used for traffic management. \"Many have been damaged and thus not in use,\" he added.JCCI chairman Ranjit Tibrewal said, \"We would certainly provide the police the required barricades. The business community wants the city to be crime-free.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17081878", "title": "Major drug bust in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: Customs officials and police seized a huge quantity of drug substances in separate incidents on Saturday and arrested six persons.In the first incident, customs officials on Saturday seized 10 kg 'Methaqualone', a sedative, from two Chennai-based persons while they were about to board a Kuala Lumpur-bound flight at the Rajiv Gandhi International Airport (RGIA), Shamshabad.The two were identified as Rakhi McGuinness, 28, and Abhilash Vijayan, 30, from Chennai. The customs officials seized 10 kg of the drug substance, worth around Rs 3 crore, from their baggage.\"The incident came to light when RGIA staff were scanning the luggage late on Friday night (1 am) and found some suspicious substance packed in Rakhi McGuiness' bags. They seized the bags and alerted our staff. We took him into custody. On interrogation, he revealed that another person, Abhilash Vijayan, was also making a bid to go Kuala Lumpur with the contraband,\" assistant commissioner of customs, Air Intelligence Unit, RGIA, Vinayak Bhat told STOI.\"We immediately alerted the airport staff to take Abhilash into custody. Within no time, the staff caught him and seized his baggage. When we checked his luggage, we found five-kg of the contraband, Methaqualone,\" he said.Both were making a bid to fly to Kuala Lumpur and sell the drug substance there at a higher price, he added.\"For the first time, we seized the drug substance in such huge quantity at the Shamshabad airport. We booked a case against the duo under the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act 1985 and shifted them to the Chanchalguda central jail,\" the official said.Meanwhile, the Kukatpally police on Friday arrested four persons and seized 550 grams of 'Alprazolam', a sedative. The seized drug could be worth Rs 18 lakhs in the international market.Police arrested T Vijay Kumar , 23 a call centre employee, S Srinivas Rao, 46, a businessman, M Rajawardhan Reddy, 20, a B Tech second year student of Mallareddy Engineering College, Dundigal and V Chaitanya Kumar, a private employee. However, the main accused, Vamshi, who is also a B Tech student of Mallareddy college, was absconding.\"Based on reliable information, we took four persons, who were near the Kukatpally bus stand, into custody and interrogated them. On interrogation, they confessed that they were selling drugs to earn easy money. They used to procure the substance from Vamshi and sell it to customers, mostly students,\" Kukatpally inspector K Srinivasa Rao said.The Kukatpally police produced them in court, which remanded them in judicial custody. Later, they were sent to the Cherlapalli central jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17083467", "title": "Raids conducted in Katra area", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A team of officials of the Sales tax department along with senior administrative officials accompanied by police force from Colonelgunj police station on Saturday afternoon raided the premises of some businessmen in Katra locality and seized some documents including receipt book and cash register from the shops.The team conducted search inside the premises of a leading hardware dealer and took in their custody several documents which were sealed in the presence of officials.Inspector, Colonelgunj police station informed that the team found some documents related to evasion of sales tax in cash register and receipt books which were seized and collected as evidence.He added that further action would be initiated on the basis of evidence collected from the spot by the team.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17083300", "title": "Sam Anderson from Erode goes viral", "text": "CHENNAI: Sam Anderson from Erode has acted in only one Tamil movie. But the success of it rivals that of some big movies, with net users getting excited about the docile-looking guy with feeble dance moves and feebler acting skills. Far from being a parody, Anderson's role in 'Yaaruku Yaaro' (2007) is rooted in the reality of him being a rank amateur, something that is sought by filmmakers who want him in their movies.As 30-year-old Anderson goes from strength to strength, after signing director Venkat Prabhu's 'Biriyani' and another big project, he joins the new league of internet sensations from India. While they are often reviled by netizens , many of them are increasingly in demand in the entertainment industry.\"What is the secret of my success? It could be because everything went wrong in my first attempt,\" says Anderson , who had a courier delivery business before he turned to acting and changed his name from Anderson Samuel to the hipper Sam.He has no clue who posted clips from the movie, produced by his uncle, on YouTube or when it went viral in 2008. \"I didn't know anything but now directors and producers want Sam Anderson,\" he says.While Anderson basks in the glory of his internet-fuelled identity, others like Wilbur Sargunaraj made a conscious decision to use technology to spread his songs in 2009. \"Be a first class citizen by developing your character and not just your bank account!\" says Sargunaraj, celebrated as India's first YouTube sensation , in an email interview. That being the aim, the 34-year-old , who spends his time between Rajapalayam and Toronto, decided to make music videos on a range of topics, including love marriage and 'how-to' films on subjects such as the elevator and the Indian latrine. He appears in them dressed in white shirt, black trousers and dark glasses, topped with Tamil or Tamil-flavoured English. Ask him about his technique and he insists that he has no clue. \"I love what I do and have not analysed what makes me popular,\" says Sargunaraj, who is now in India for the audio release of his upcoming movie 'Simple Superstar' . He will go on a multi-city tour from November 15. This drummer-musician , with hummable tunes and quirky videos, says he makes a living through shows and corporate tie-ups and has amassed followers through a mixture of music, dance, social media, and motivational workshops. Sargunaraj has stories of how his videos helped people pull out of depression and personal tragedies. Though Sargunaraj says he doesn't know the reason for his success, industry observers are sure that he knows what people want. \"Wilbur is creative, savvy and knows how to market himself,\" says Tamil blogger Erode Kathir, who was one of the first to realise that maybeSam Anderson was clueless about his lack of acting skills. \"Sam is naive and passionately believed in whatever he did. Many people like him for it and that is why he is there in my movie,\" says Venkat Prabu. But there are others like Santhosh Pandit from the Malayalam film industry and 'Power Star' Srinivasan and Chakravarthi Thirumagan from Tamil Nadu, who act like super stars on social media , knowing well that it will get them easy fame. Prabhu says there will be more such clones as the entertainment industry is intently looking at how much publicity films garner on social media, especially to entice foreign markets and the urban audience. Maybe, the trend is yet to sink in but Sam Anderson seems sure about his place in the changing world. \"A director wants to buy the rights of my first movie and re-release it. Sam Anderson will never die,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17081362", "title": "Activists want state to move fast on cattle slaughter ban", "text": "MUMBAI: Hundreds of activists and Jain spiritual leaders staged a protest at Azad Maidan on Saturday seeking a ban on cattle slaughter in the state.Campaigners from the Rashtriya Gauvansh Raksha Samiti are demanding that the anti-cattle slaughter Bill, which was passed in both the Houses in 1995, be implemented. A rally from Girgaum Chowpatty to Mantralaya will be flagged off on November 5.\"The Bill to ban the slaughter of cow progeny had been passed in the state way back in 1995,\" said activist Atulkumar Shah.\"However, it did not come into force due to certain hurdles. We want the citizens to come and join the protest so that the cruelty to animals can be stopped,\" he added.Shah also questioned the role of animal doctors. \"They are allowing young and fit animals for slaughter, even though there is a rule that fit bullocks can be used for agriculture must not be slaughtered,\" Shah added.According to activists, the Deonar abattoir has reportedly suffered losses worth over Rs 100 crore in the last 16 years due to \"massive corruption in the slaughterhouse\".\"The rules stipulate that the abattoir is supposed to cater only to the locals (clause 1, chapter 4 in Market Rules). However, thousands of calves and bullocks are slaughtered for the purpose of exporting meat\" an activist said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17081445", "title": "'Political interference is main reason for poor police functioning'", "text": "PANAJI: Taking a stand against the lackadaisical attitude of the government towards drafting a more people-friendly police bill in the state, a day-long conference relating to the recently proposed Goa Police Bill was held by various human rights and peace activists at Dona Paula on Saturday.\"Hear the voice of the people, see what is useful to them\", were the words of ex-director general of police Julio Rebeiro. He was speaking at the conference organized by the Council for Social Justice and Peace (CSJP), Goa, and the Commonwealth Human Rights Initiative (CHRI). The conference was aimed at mobilizing public opinion about what the bill is supposed to reflect. \"We are fighting for police reforms, to make them more acceptable among the people. Laws are not implemented for the sake of implementing,\" said RibeiroComing on the heels of the chief minister's announcement that there will be a new Goa Police Act by March 2013, the CSJP in collaboration with the Commonwealth Human Rights Initiative, New Delhi, organized a public consultation to mobilize public demand for a new police law in the state, and generate debate on the components of a good police law. The conference was addressed by Ribeiro and Jacob Punnoose (retired director general of police, Kerala), on the need for people's participation in police reform.Participants raised strong objections to police abuses, including torture in custody and routine malpractices such as non-registration of FIR's, shoddy investigations and corruption that is prevalent across ranks. Together, participants also articulated a vision for democratic policing.While a draft police bill has been on the books since 2008, there has been no public consultation at all. Maja Daruwala, director (CHRI), stressed that \"a cardinal principle of democratic policing is taking into consideration people's concerns and expectations while drafting and debating police laws as policing has a direct impact on people's lives\". The conference saw an inflow of suggestions about defects of the police force that needed to weeded out, such as corruption amongst the police, police-criminal nexus', delays and inefficiencies in dealing with cases, lack of proper audio and video technology and use of torture. People also raised the issue about no proper provision for a gender-friendly and child-friendly police force.The main reason for poor police functioning in the country was unanimous among the participants-political interference in the internal affairs, investigations and recruitment of police officers. Fr Maverick Fernandes, director, Caritas, exerted the participants to demand from the government to institute a proper consultative process in the making of the New Police Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17082657", "title": "Sky snubs Indian cricket board's \u00c2\u00a3500,000 demand", "text": "MUMBAI: Sky News, the British broadcast network, which was involved in a payment dispute with the BCCI to cover England's tour, has confirmed that it would not be sending its production or commentary team to India.The decision comes after BCCI's demand that Sky pay 500,000 pounds to install television studios at match venues for direct commentary feed. Sky has refused to pay the amount and has declared that it would set up its studio in Ipswich, west London, and pick up the feed from India's host broadcaster Star TV.The broadcast fraternity has expressed surprise over the deadlock that lasted for over two weeks before Sky's eventual refusal. Well-placed sources called the demand for a 500,000 pound payment as \"ridiculous\" , adding that the usual per-match payment for exclusive studio-space at match venues is generally not more than $10,000 to 15,000 per Test and $7,000 to 10,000 per One-day International, which should add up to not more than $150,000 for the entire series.Sky uses the voices of Ian Botham , David Gower , Mike Atherton and Nasser Hussain , among others, in its commentary team, who will now analyze the game from the London studio, instead of the venue of the match in India.BCCI hasn't exactly underlined its reasons for the \"unsubstantiated\" demand but sources in the board say \"the series is worth that kind of a billing. If you are looking for exclusivity, why not pay and get it?\" asks a BCCI source. It is a high-profile series no doubt, being played by two formidable sides recently ranked No. 1, and especially with England labeling India their 'Final Frontier'.What adds more spice to the contest is the revenge tag being attached to it in the backdrop of India's humiliating defeat in England last year. All put together, the BCCI is convinced that the profile of this series is big and deserves the kind of money it is demanding.However, there are those who disagree. \"It seems like someone has suddenly woken up and told them (BCCI) 'ok, here's how you can make a lot more money than what you're already making' and the men who take decisions have agreed,\" says an industry expert. The BCCI does make decent money, at approximately Rs 42 crore per match, from telecast rights. And sources say \"so does Sky which has recorded a 17% rise in the profits this financial year\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17082802", "title": "She plans to inculcate social values through Kathak", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Parwati Dutta, a Kathak exponent who conducted a three-day workshop in the city as part of Rasavikalpam, a ten-day workshop on dance, organized by Kerala Sangeetha Nataka Akademi in the city, will go back to her native place Aurangabad with a plan to revisit Kerala. She has a dream mission to conduct social awareness and art education programmes for jail inmates, students and laymen.Parwati has expressed interest to interact with the inmates of central prisons in the state to inculcate social values in them, if she receives an invitation. Recollecting her dance experiments with the jail inmates, the 42-year-old Kathak dancer said, \"Vyavahari, one of the inmates I met in a prison in Maharashtra took up painting after my multimedia interaction programme.\"\"Dance and music has immense power to purify human beings and through the interaction programmes I would like to generate positive thinking in jailbirds,\" she added with a confident smile.\"Kerala has a rich tradition in dance and art. However, people here fail to explore the possibility of dance forms in social and educational development,\" said Parwati, who has been a member of the International Dance Council of the UNESCO for 17 years. \"The dance heritage of our country has to be protected and dance has to be inculcated in the curriculum,\" added the dancer who played crucial role in placing Aurangabad in the global cultural map.Being a member of Indian Council for Cultural Affairs and panel member of many universities, Parwati is keen on educating students on the scope of scholarships and other facilities available for dancers. \"Dance students here are keen to perform Kathak and they should get more opportunities,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17081956", "title": "Rain batters 10 AP districts", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Cyclone Nilam spared AP, but left a trail of destruction with incessant rains continuing to batter the state for the fourth consecutive day on Saturday causing flooding of hundreds of villages, snapping road links and damaging crops in 1.79 lakh hectares. Ten people lost their lives, while as many as 59 minor irrigation tanks breached. Several towns were inundated as swirling waters gushed into homes and ran across the highways. Tiruvuru in Krishna district received 21 cms rain, while flood waters encircled the temple town of Bhadrachalam, which experienced the heaviest rainfall in the last 40 years.Road traffic was disrupted as flood waters kept rising following heavy rains. Rivulets, tanks and reservoirs were overflowing in 10 districts - Krishna, Khammam, Guntur, Prakasam, East Godavari, West Godavari, Visakhapatnam, Srikakulam, Vizianagaram and Adilabad -- where normal life was completely paralysed. Due to heavy rains in Odisha, coal supplies to Simhadri thermal power project was disrupted. The first phase of Simhadri was closed, leading to power loss of 500 MW.Two people were swept away at Vulvanuruvagu in Paloncha mandal of Khammam, while a woman Tirupatamma 40 and her daughter Pushpa, 16, were washed away at Ganeshapadu village pond at Dammannapet mandal. KTPS employee Mansingh, 38, drowned in Budidavagu near Manuguru, while 40-year-old farmer Sangaiah was swept away at Yerrupalemvagu in Khammam in the early hours of Saturday. Kota Babu Rao (35) of Kalatur village was washed away in a stream near Agiripalle in Krishna district, while two engineering students -- Kaki Dayakar (21) and Tanniru Pradeep Kumar, 20 - were washed away in Nallavagu near Vengamukkapalem village on the outskirts of Ongole late on Friday. Their bodies were recovered on Saturday. A 50-year-old farmer was washed away in Tungabhadra drain near Jampani village of Tenali mandal in Guntur.Vijayawada faced inundation as Budameru stream, which passes through the town, was in spate. With water levels rising sharply in Prakasam Barrage across the Krishna, officials opened all its 70 gates. The Vijayawada railway division cancelled and diverted several trains. Entire Gudivada town was flooded as the cloudburst left the town in sheets of water. The RTC bus depot was in 4 ft deep water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "ujjain", "code": "17081673", "title": "Gadkari in Ujjain today", "text": "UJJAIN: Party national president Nitin Gadkari would be the chief guest at the inauguration ceremony of divisional level office of the ruling Bhartiya Janta Party in Ujjain.The function is scheduled to be held at 11 am on Sunday. A grand stage has been erected outside the office 'Lokshakti' situated in Freeganj area.Apart from Gadkari, chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan and state president Prabhat Jha would also address the party workers on the occasion.Meanwhile, few local residents are peeved over the felling of branches of green trees for the stage set up.Felling of branches of a peepal tree where hundreds of women worship daily has left many annoyed. Municipal machines were pressed into action to axe the branches.Rajkishore Sharma, a resident of the area, said, \"Felling of branches for political events has hurt the feelings of local residents. If a common man cuts even a small branch, government departments take him in clutches but who will take action against the politicians.\"When contacted in this regard, party city president Anil Kalukhera refused to comment and said that he was busy with some programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17082279", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcKiller\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 buses left 39 dead in 10 months", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Long-route roadways buses are proving to be a threat to commuters on city roads. A total 39 lives out of 98 were snuffed under the wheels of roadways buses from January 1 to November 2, 2012.Moreover, these \"killer\" roadways buses, including that of Haryana, Punjab and Himachal, were all found to be attached with long routes. The stretch, on which maximum fatal casualties due to roadways buses was reported, is situated between ISBT-43 and Sector-47 main road and majority of fatal accidents were reported during night hours.A senior traffic police official said, \"Apart from human negligence, high speed and drunken driving during night hours are also two prime reasons behind the fatal accidents.\" In March 2012, during a health check up camp for Haryana roadways drivers, it was revealed that 25 out of 40 drivers were suffering from weak eye sight.The first fatal casualty was reported on January 15 when Surinder Singh was crushed to death. The latest was the loss of two IIT aspirants, Abhishek and Ilin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17082641", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcWait before rushing into 2nd innings\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "CHENNAI: With women though, Vasaant is a little less guarded. \"Most women want to hurry up the process of remarriage for several reasons. They may feel they have crossed a certain age and do not want to wait, or they want to get married and have children, so we do begin the search. With men, we are wary because of the number of cases we see of men cheating women after promising marriage,\" he says.Chennai-based private detective A M Malathy has had a number of cases where men and women have lied about the status of their divorce or have tried to get married a second time even before their divorce has come through. \"We have had cases where a man has even gone to the extent of getting a ration card with another 'wife' while the divorce proceedings of his first marriage are not through,\" she says.Marriage counsellors though think it is a good idea to wait not just because that's what law demands. \"Waiting gives people time to introspect and recover emotionally and mentally. Rushing from one relationship into another, or looking for a second partner while the first marriage is not yet over is never a good move,\" says Saras Bhaskar, who adds that she has an increasing number of people coming to for premarital counselling before they enter their second marriage.\"Sometimes they come with their children. The entire family is counselled before the couple finally gets married,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17083403", "title": "Policy amendments, private initiative can make a difference, say experts", "text": "MUMBAI: Even as the Maharashtra government is taking measures to improve the state's Right to Education Act compliance, experts said that policy intervention and even involvement of private bodies will go a long way in lifting the state's score.Educationist Farida Lambay said, \"The state must think up a a practical, out-of-the-box solution. For example, if there are few playgrounds, these can be used on a sharing basis. There needs to be some policy intervention as well. The number of private schools has risen, but the government needs to see if they can be controlled by the state or even local bodies.\" Lambay added, \"Also, in Mumbai, primary schools fall under the Municipal Corporation of Greater Mumbai. It needs to be seen whether educational funds are being used for betterment of primary schools.\" She, though, added the state's performance has not been poor on all fronts.Educationists supported involvement of private parties. Jayant Jain, president of the Forum for Fairness in Education, said, \"We have visited some schools in rural areas close to the city and found the worst possible conditions.There are open toilets. Teachers are not available in some schools and, in others, work of peons is done by students.\" He added that there is little accountability in the state, which is why involving a private party might be a possible solution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17083009", "title": "The truth behind NaMo\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s numbers", "text": "In a recent election rally, Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi advised Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, one of the country's top economists, to follow the Gujarat model of development , to cure the country of its ills. \"Mr Prime Minister, if you try to follow the path of Gujarat state, the condition of the country will be transformed.\" Modi, who is projecting himself as the champion of economic growth in a bid to shun his poster boy-of-Hindutva image, said. But what exactly is the Gujarat growth model if you strip it of the rhetoric?Both Modi baiters and Modi supporters are unanimous on one count \u00e2\u20ac\u201d that Gujarat is one of the fastest growing states in the country. Endorsements have even come from the British government which has revived diplomatic engagement with Modi after more than a decade of the 2002 riots. But ask baiters and supporters if the growth is equitable, sustainable and broad-based , and a war of words breaks out with many claiming that only a small portion of the population has gained from the boom.According to the Planning Commission report of 2011, Gujarat's high growth rate over the years has not percolated to the marginalized sections of society, particularly scheduled castes (SC) and scheduled tribes (ST). Good rains in the past decade, the Sardar Sarovar project, introduction of BT cotton and efforts by enterprising farmers have fuelled high agriculture growth. However , it has contributed only 15.5% to net state domestic product (NSDP) even as the sector employs a high 52% people.In fact, Gujarat fares the worst in terms of overall hunger index among high per capita income states, the report adds. Gujarat ranked 13 out of 17 major states on the hunger index, below Orissa, Uttar Pradesh, West Bengal and Assam to name a few. So, who is accruing the benefits of the booming industries? A very small percentage of the population, according to some experts.Well-known economist and former Union minister Y K Alagh says Gujarat has much to show for economic development, but it can't ignore the ugly truths either. \"Given the fast rate of urbanisation in Gujarat , a clear land use plan, with communication strategy built-in should be an essential part of the development strategy. We should develop long-term plan for education , health and skill development for eastern tribal belt. As per National Sample Survey data, high levels of poverty are visible in the tribal region.\"Indira Hirway, director and professor of economics at Centre for Development Alternatives says that in spite of a slightly higher workforce participation rate compared to other states, the quality of employment is extremely poor in Gujarat with the result that a large part of the workforce does not have enough purchasing power.\"About 89 per cent of men workers and 98 per cent of women workers in Gujarat are employed in the informal sector (all India 90 and 96 per cent). They usually earn low wages, have poor working conditions and low social protection ,\" she says.As per the latest NSSO statistics, the daily wage rates of casual men and women workers in rural areas are lower than the corresponding rates in India, with the state ranking 14th (Rs 69) and 9th(Rs 56) in men's and women's wage rates among the major 20 states. There are problems with the functioning of major special schemes for nutrition too. Till recently, Gujarat was providing much less than the stipulated 35 kg food grain to below poverty line families on the ground that the number of BPL households in the state was much more than what the Centre had estimated. \"The state was not willing to use its own funds to meet the deficit,\" Hirway adds. No wonder activists were up in arms when Modi told an American newspaper recently that malnutrition in Gujarat had more to do with young girls dieting to look slim and pretty. Gujarat's Human Development Index (HDI) was 0.466 in 2000, and it rose to 0.527, showing an improvement of just 0.061 in 2008. The state ranked almost at the bottom (18th among the major 20 states) in terms of improvement in HDI during this period . Also, overall rank of the state HDI declined from 6th in 2000 to 8th in 2008. In the case of literacy, the state showed an improvement of 18.02 percentage points during the past decades, but this improvement was much less compared to other states. In fact, the state is 16th among the major 20 states in this improvement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17082655", "title": "CM ready to face Aasu on white paper", "text": "GUWAHATI: Accepting Aasu's challenge, chief minister Tarun Gogoi on Saturday said he is ready for a face off with the students' body over the white paper on foreigners' issue. The chief minister added that he is ready to discuss the issue with any other organization.On October 20, Gogoi released the white paper on influx which has always been the central poll plank of all political parties in every election. The white paper also happens to be the first-ever documentation of the problem by any state government. But it has drawn criticism from various sections of society.Gogoi, who is in New Delhi now, said, \"Aasu is talking about half truths in the white paper. I am asking them to show me these. The white paper contains facts and figures from government records and court orders.\" The chief minister even asked Aasu to publish its own separate white paper on the subject. \"Aasu has every right to publish one and they can go to the people with it. If I have missed out on anything in the white paper, it should tell me specifically. I am open to discussion, not just with AASU alone, but others too.\"Aasu has described the white paper as a \"white lie\". Last Wednesday, government spokesman and power minister Pradyut Bordoloi had asked the students' body to point out the \"lies\" in the government's white paper and clarified that the document is on the foreigners' issue and not a status paper on implementation of Assam Accord. The Aasu leadership, later, countered this by saying that the document cannot be called a white paper and can be called a note on the foreigners' issue.While releasing the white paper on October 20, Gogoi said the government is fully seized of the problem and is committed to expediting the process of detection of illegal migrants. The white paper states that migration to the state is on for 100 years, which included both internal migration during the British period and influx from erstwhile East Pakistan, and later Bangladesh .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17086249", "title": "Soha celebrated Diwali in true Dilli style", "text": "Soha Ali Khan remembers celebrating Diwali in Delhi as a kid.Coming from the Nawabi family, Soha Ali Khan's Diwali has essentially been royal always. \"As a child we lived in Delhi and Diwali would be celebrated in true Dilli style at an opulent farmhouse party with elaborate fireworks display, food, dance and merriment till the early hours of the morning\".Soha always reminisces, \"Often trips to the hospital were included as someone inevitably burnt a hand or a foot setting of a rocket or a bomb!\"Things are not the same for Soha though. \"In recent years Diwali has taken on a less risky and more environmentally friendly tone. We light diyas in and outside the house, do a puja and eat sweets till we pop! No risk to life or limb - or nothing an antacid can't take care of!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17085630", "title": "Celebrate? No Way: Saina's father", "text": "Success demands sacrifices and Saina Nehwal's family is no stranger to this fact. LT got into a chat with the ace shuttler's father, Dr Harvir Singh, and he spoke about how celebrations -- be it birthdays, anniversaries or even festivals -- were extremely low key in the Nehwal household.Talking about Diwali celebrations this year, Dr Singh smiled and said, \"Saina has to prepare for the upcoming challenges and anycase, festivities were never elaborate at our place. All the friends and family would only end up distracting Saina. I don't think we have even celebrated Saina's birthday in an elaborate manner in a long time. She can't afford distraction.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17082218", "title": "Three detained in Pune over 4 kg gold dupe in Jaipur", "text": "JAIPUR: Nearly a fortnight after three persons, including a woman, duped an MI Road-based jeweller of 4 kg gold worth Rs 1.25 crore, the Jaipur police, in a joint operation with Pune police, has managed to trace the fraudsters. The police teams are waiting for recovery of the gold and are in the process of finding the fourth man to whom these fraudsters had sold the gold.According to sources, during investigation, the Jaipur police managed to get some pictures of the fraudsters. They later came to know that a similar cheating was done by three people in Pune in June 2012.\"In that case as well the modus operandi was similar and it was also executed by three people including a woman. Thus, a team of Jaipur police reached Pune with the photgraphs a week ago and shared the information they had,\" said a police officer on Saturday.\"They had given their fake names as Manisha Mehta, Jeetendra Mehta and Rakesh Mehta but we got their original pictures. Our team took the pictures to Pune,\" said B L Soni, commissioner of police.\"We are verifying the details. As far as I am concerned some persons have been detained. It is yet to find out if they are also associated in our case or not.\"TOI sources added that Gulabrao Pol, commissioner of police, Pune was to hold a press conference but it was postponed for some reason.\"Actually the fourth man we had caught was not the one we were looking for. Despite that we have expedited the process of nabbing him and recover the gold,\" said a senior officer with Pune police on condition of anonymity.Sources said that the accused were identified as Sahil Mozaria (27), Kishan Gokani (37) and Zareen Menon (27). All of them are residents of Mumbai and were also sought by the Pune police in connection with a similar fraud.On October, 21 three persons including a woman, defrauded a prominent MI Road-based jeweller of 4 kg gold worth nearly Rs 1.25 crore at Vidhayakpuri area on Saturday. The accused, impersonating as owners of a firm named Mehta Investment, invited the jeweler's son to their office in Shalimar Complex saying that they would buy gold bars from them. Later they disappeared with the gold.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17081263", "title": "Earning a chance to polish soft skills", "text": "MUMBAI: Shoeshine boys who ply their trade at the city's railway stations are being given an opportunity to polish their soft skills. The Yashwantrao Chavan Maharashtra Open University (YCMOU) has devised a distance learning programme for school dropouts from the community.The university already runs courses for dabbawallahs, bargirls and maidservants.Around 200 members of the Sant Ravidas Shoeshine Workers' Association will be initiated into the certificate course at Kirti College in Dadar on Sunday. Books, study material and web radio broadcasts will be made available and they may seek guidance at local YCMOU study centres.Vice-chancellor R Krishnakumar said, \"We are hoping to bring sunshine into their black lives by equipping them with a basic knowledge of Marathi and English without forcing them to leave their workstations. Many shoeshine workers are school dropouts aged 25-28. They will take a six-month preparatory programme in arithmetic, language and self-study skills.\"Union leader Shyamsunder, who will lead his men to the inaugural session, works at platform No. 6 at Dadar railway station. \"Even learning to speak ABC will be an improvement. None of us want our children to continue in the same profession and we realize that education is the only way to break free from this hand-to-mouth existence,\" he said.However, rather than get them to cast aside their profession, YCMOU hopes to empower blue-collar workers in various ways, like helping them qualify for soft loans. For instance, taxi drivers who take a bachelor's degree in road transportation often double up as courier agents within the city, or turn into tourist guides to Shirdi by distributing literature and playing devotional music for pilgrims en route.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
{"city": "biharsharif", "code": "17081692", "title": "Dengue hits dozens inNalanda, Sheikhpura", "text": "BIHARSHARIF: Dengue has hit Nalanda and Sheikhpura districts. Over a dozen patients have been found affected with the dreaded disease in the two districts in the last three days.Dengue patients including Shafaque, 7, daughter of one Shahab Alam of Sherpur locality, Asim and Asif of Ashanagar locality in Biharsharif, Manoj of Barbigha area in Sheikhpura and Shiv Ratan Prasad of Bathani Tola locality in Gaya district, who were being treated at different private nursing homes in Biharsharif, have been referred to Patna for better treatment on Friday.Nalanda Civil Surgeon (CS) Dr Jawahar Khan said three patients had been detected with dengue so far in the district. Two of the three patients identified as Usha Devi, a native of Neema Chak village under Harnaut block and Anjit Raj Ranjan, a student and native of Biharsharif, were brought from New Delhi, while Nilesh Kumar, 24, a resident of Puraini village under Harnaut block in Nalanda was found positive. They have been referred to Patna for treatment.The CS said all the health centres of the district had been alerted and detection kits made available to them with instructions to immediately rush such patients to the district hospital. Dr Khan added that he has written to the municipal commissioner informing him that sanitation and fogging had already been started by the civic authorities.Dr Manoranjan, in-charge of the dengue cell formed by the CS, said the disease is in its initial phase and will be checked as a Rapid Response Team had been formed to keep round-the-clock vigil and provide all necessary medical aid to the patients in no time. He added that ANMs, Asha and Anganwadi workers are being sent to villages to identify suspected dengue patients. He said that an isolation ward has also been created for such patients.Dr Faisal Arshad said the disease is caused by the Aedes mosquito which multiplies in accumulated water in small bodies like tubs, coolers, pits, tyres etc. The symptoms are rashes, fever, substantial decrease in platelet count and loss of appetite, he said. He said there is no specific treatment of the disease.DM Nalanda Sanjay Kumar Agarwal said the district administration will provide all assistance required by the civic, medical or any other authority engaged in fighting dengue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-04"}
