{"city": "None", "code": "12366401", "title": "Arindam Roy wants to date Angelina Jolie!", "text": "Arindam was busy shooting a fight sequence for his upcoming film \" Raja Jhia Sange Hei Gala Bhaba\" in a small village called Aitalanga near Cuttack. TOI met up with him on the sets where he fielded questions with his tongue firmly in his cheek.If you were Gabbar Singh from \"Sholay\", whom would you like to trouble?I would love to trouble Katrina Kaif by saying: \"Nach Chamiya nach, tere hath pair to bahut karare hai. Yeh Londonwale tere ko kaunse chakki ka ata khilate the re?\"What would be the first line of your autobiography read as?Once upon a time lived a king.If you were to decide the honeymoon destination of Saif and Kareena where would you suggest?Italy. That's the most romantic destination.If lust is the answer, what should the question be?Nowadays 60 per cent of love is a question mark. Even if the questions are on love, the answers are always given in the context of lust. But to sum it all, I'd say lust is the expression in people's eyes when they see Sunny Leone.Which animal do you fear the most?Rational animal.What is the last thing you bought for one rupee?A matchbox.If you are marooned in an island with the hottest women what would you like to wear?If the women is of my choice, why bother?Whose secret diary would you like to read?Everybody around.Name one woman whom you would never like to date...Rakhi Sawant !Name a women you would love to date...Angelina Jolie !Which punchline from a commercial that best describes your state of mind now?Taste the thunderTell us one headline of an article which you would never want to be in?\"Arindam Roy is captain of a cricket team.\" That's because I never play cricket.By Swayamsiddha Mohapatra", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12365043", "title": "Another Bangla rock star lands in films", "text": "In line with the recent trend of Bangla rock music stars directing film music, the frontman of a prominent rock band in the city will wield the baton for an upcoming film.Sidhu, the lead singer of 'Cactus', a band which came into prominence in the 90s, will employ his skill in music direction in film \" Namte Namte\", which deals with a middle class family's struggle, along with hugely popular radio jockey and actor Mir.Mir has his own rock band 'Bandage' and even acts in TV programmes.\"I am excited to be associated with the contemporary Bengali films which are undergoing interesting changes in terms of story, treatment and cinematic language,\" Sidhu said.The singer told in a recent press meet that he was happy to follow in the footsteps of 'Chandrabindoo', another popular Bangla rock group, and Rupam Islam of 'Fossils' who have either composed music for films or have lent their voices.Asked to differentiate between lyrics of a private album and those of films, he said film lyrics are situational whereas the lyrics of a song sung by a band are coined to express the singer's particular idea about life.The film \"Namte Namte\" will have another first its five songs have been written by young Bengali poet Srijato.\"To me, mental connection is very important and for my first movie too I have joined hands with those artists with whom my vibes match,\" Sidhu saidBesides Bengali singer Rupankar, Shreya Ghosal, who is quite regular in Bengali film music, is also likely to sing a song for the movie. The director of \"Namte Namte\", Rana Sarkar, said his movie, which has Rupa Ganguly, Rajatava Dutta and Saswata Chatterjee in lead roles, is a \"depiction of how a family struggles to survive against socio-economic adversities\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12362845", "title": "Now, BJP sets sights on Parkal", "text": "HYDERABAD: Buoyed by the Mahbubnagar bypoll victory, the BJP is now aiming at projecting itself as the champion of the Telangana cause, that is a sort of monopoly of the Telangana Rashtra Samiti (TRS). The party indicated on Wednesday that its next target could be Parkal, the only assembly segment that falls in the Telangana region among the 18 constituencies due for bypolls.BJP sources said the party had zeroed in on Premender Reddy as the candidate to face incumbent Konda Sureka, who is among the 17 Congress MLAs who were disqualified for defying the party whip during the no-trust vote last December. As per latest information, Sureka is expected to enter the fray either as the candidate of the YSR Congress or an independent.\"The party's victory in Mahbubnagar is a clear indication that voters have confidence in us as the national party that can realize the dream of formation of Telangana state. Such things can be easily done by a national party and the BJP is committed to the separate state cause. I think the voters have realized it and the election result is reflecting it,\" said Kishen Reddy, state BJP president.The BJP candidate Yennam Srinivas Reddy defeated TRS candidate Syed Ibrahim by a slender margin of 1897 votes. Yennam bagged 39,272 votes as against 37377 votes secured by Ibrahim.While the result was unexpected for many, BJP leaders said it was a well thought-out plan to field Srinivas Reddy in a Muslim dominated assembly segment. The BJP had asked the TRS to give away Mahbubnagar in return for its support in other constituencies, but the senior partner had turned down the request only to eat humble pie at the end.Kishen Reddy said the BJP chose to contest from Mahbubnagar because the bypoll was the result of the demise of sitting MLA Rajeswrara Rao, while other five assembly segments went for bypolls after the MLAs representing them resigned in support of Telangana movement. \"We supported the Telangana cause by abstaining in those constituencies and Kovur was not in our mind as it is not in Telangana,\" he said.Kishen Reddy had taken out a 'Poru Yatra' in support of separate Telangana cause in January this year, and he chose Mahbubnagar to kick start the yatra and the strategy seems to have paid off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12362651", "title": "Toru Dutt rediscovered, merci Gujarat", "text": "AHMEDABAD: 'Reviving Toru Dutt' - a 15-minute documentary film conceived and produced by Dr Gita Bhatt, opens each session of the on-going weeklong Francophony celebrations hosted by Alliance Francaise d'Ahmedabad. Bhatt is a scholar on the Bengali writer who is symbol of the first Indo-French literary connections.Bhatt, who began research on Toru Dutt's works at Bhavnagar University in 1984, and has done an in-depth study on her contribution towards integration of literature of French, English, Sanskrit languages, says, \"I was drawn to study and revive Dutt's works as I learnt her works from the initial link between French, English and Sanskrit literature before Aurobindo and Rabindranath Tagore explored it. The most striking feature about Dutt is that she was not aiming at publication or fame. She was a patient of incurable TB and wrote simply to rise above that pain.\"Two collections of poems, one novel and a personal diary - a limited edition of works that Dutt left behind when she died at the ripe age of 21 in 1877 got published in Paris in 1878. Her works are available at National Library of Paris and manuscripts of her diary are kept at London National Library. \"Her unique contribution to form the first Indo-French link was forgotten in India. And, as I learnt more and research and read her work, I gathered that it was her work that inspired the writings of Aurobindo and Tagore - two most celebrated writers of the following era - in a major way.\"\"I researched on Dutt's works for 20 years and recently produced a documentary to revive her works,\" says Bhatt, who met with a fatal accident in 1995 which had made her completely bedridden for a decade. Even today she suffers from limited mobility. \"I withstood 12 major corrective surgeries and 50,000 injections while I got treated at Pune and Paris. And works of Dutt have been my constant companions which inspired me to go ahead and work tirelessly. I was amid terrible pain, and Dutt's work taught me to rise above pain,\" says Bhatt.Bhatt completed her research on Dutt in 2003 and produced a documentary in 2009. \"From 1,000 entries from across the country, this documentary was selected among best thirty entries at Ahmedabad International Film Festival in 2009.\"Today, Dutt's works are again in focus courtesy Bhatt's mammoth task of re-discovery and preservation. Chintan Pandya, cultural co-ordinator at AF says, \"To respect Dutt as a symbol of first Indo-French literary connection and respect the hard work and discovery of Bhatt, her documentary has been selected to mark the beginnings of each day of the Lumiere d'Afrique - African Film Festival at Gujarati Sahitya Parishad.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12364450", "title": "Corruption cry over Rabindra Bharati University result row", "text": "KOLKATA: When the MA Part I results in English were declared at Rabindra Bharati University (RBU) in January, students were shocked to find out that only one of them had got a first class. Many of them sought a review and surprisingly, the number of students to get the coveted grade jumped up to 153. The students have now lodged a complaint with the vice-chancellor, alleging that they had been \"penalised\" for raising their voice against corruption and nepotism being practised by a section of teachers in the department. The VC has ordered a probe.\"We will form an investigation committee that will find out why the answer scripts had remained grossly unmarked or under-marked. The matter came to the light only when the students demanded a review,\" said VC Chinmoy Guha. It had struck even Guha as abnormal when the results were published in January because the number of students in the department to get first class last year was 141.The students are convinced that they were punished for raising their voice against the malpractices going on in the department for quite sometime. \"Some teachers in the department are making money by giving illegal admissions, private tuitions on the campus and even increase marks against money,\" alleged a second-year PG student whose marks have increased after review.On Tuesday, the aggrieved students lodged a written complaint with the VC, even naming the teachers who they believe are involved in the money-minting racket. \"Our answer scripts are often checked by part-time teachers of other universities. Our scripts were not evaluated properly to teach us a lesson. We have been discriminated against,\" alleged another student.The VC, however, is not convinced about these complaints. \"I am aware of the problem. I, too, was surprised that only one student had got a first class while last year the number was as high as 141. After the review, the number went up to 153. That is acceptable. The students will be able to continue their classes without any further tension. I am looking into their complaint. The matter has to be probed,\" Guha said.Chidananda Bhattacharyya, who was the head of the department when the results were published, quit on Monday after agitated students gheraoed him. He refused to comment on the allegations of several answer scripts having remained unmarked or under-marked. \"These are baseless allegations. I have been taken ill and was suggested by my physician to step down from the stressful duty of HOD. We checked the answer scripts with the best intensions and the university authorities had supported the department. The allegation of answer scripts remaining under-marked or unmarked is not in my knowledge,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12367970", "title": "Two cops hurt in clash with bank robbers", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Two policemen were seriously injured while trying to foil a major burglary attempt at a bank in Khandagiri area here in the wee hours of Wednesday.The cops of Khandagiri police station, Padma Lochan Mohanty (53) and Sakti Sankar Patra (45), are undergoing treatment at a private hospital after receiving multiple bruises on heads and faces in a scuffle with the armed robbers who managed to escape.While Mohanty, a sub-inspector, got grievous injuries on head, his colleague Patra, an assistant sub-inspector lost a finger of his right hand while trying to capture the anti-socials.\"Mohanty and Patra fought bravely and aborted the robbery attempt. We will arrest the accused soon,\" Bhubaneswar DCP Nitinjeet Singh said. \"The conditions of the two policemen are stable,\" Singh said.\"We believe that one of the goons was also injured in the brawl. We have detained two persons suspecting their involvement in the crime,\" Khandagiri inspector Tapan Mohanty said. Bank officials said the robbers failed to reach the chest, but they ransacked the office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12366734", "title": "Man held for burning wife", "text": "CHENNAI: A man was arrested on Wednesday based on a dying declaration by his wife Sugandha Kumar. She alleged that her husband Silambarasan, whom she married three months ago, was a drunkard who harassed her daily.She said she threatened to commit suicide when Silambarasan, who was drunk, poured kerosene over her body and set her afire. She was admitted to a government hospital where she gave a declaration and Silambarasan was arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "new dehli", "code": "12365440", "title": "Reports of coal scam rock Parliament; both Houses adjourned", "text": "NEW DEHLI: Parliament was today rocked by reports of an alleged coal scam to the tune of Rs 10.7 lakh crore with the Opposition forcing adjournment of both the Houses till noon.As soon as the Lok Sabha met for the day, JD(U) members were on their feet demanding immediate discussion on a report of the Comptroller and Auditor General on allocation of 155 coal acreages between 2004 and 2009 to some 100 companies.The moment Speaker Meira Kumar called for the Question Hour, BJP and JD(U) members trooped into the Well raising slogans against the government. \"Yeh Sarkar Kaali Hai (This government has been tarnished)\" the opposition members chanted in the Well.With members unrelenting, the Speaker adjourned the House till noon.Similar scenes were witnessed in the Rajya Sabha where Prakash Javadekar (BJP) said he had given notice for suspension of Question Hour to discuss the alleged scam.\"Sorry, the Question Hour cannot be suspended,\" Chairman Hamid Ansari said.\"You cannot raise the issue without the permission of the Chair,\" Minister of State in PMO V Narayanasamy said.As members continued to raise the issue and waved copies of a newspaper, Ansari said members cannot raise \"unsubstantiated matters\".\"No newspapers are allowed. You cannot display banners. Please sit down. You cannot raise matters in this manner. You can raise it later, this is not the time,\" he told the agitating members.Prime Minister Manmohan Singh was present in the Rajya Sabha.Javadekar said the Prime Minister was incharge of coal portfolio when the alleged scam took place.Amid din, Ansari adjourned the Rajya Sabha for 15 minutes. When the House met again, similar scenes were repeated and the proceedings were adjourned till noon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12363041", "title": "Conversion of free toilet into pay-and-use facility opposed", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court on Wednesday ordered notice to the commissioner of the Madurai corporation on a petition challenging its action, making a free toilet as pay-and-use near Government Rajaji Hospital.The Bench comprising Justices Chitra Venkataraman and R Karuppiah gave the directive to the corporation to file its reply next Tuesday.N Sivakumar of Mathichiyam said in his petition that the Madurai Rajaji Government Hospital was receiving patients from other southern districts as well daily. Around 5,000 people were coming daily to the hospital, especially those below poverty line.For the common man coming to hospital, there was a public toilet facility opened in Panakal Road. No charge was being collected from users earlier. The public utility was used by the very poor and those unable to pay for using it.All of a sudden, the corporation changed the free toilet and made it a paid toilet. The maintenance was handed over to a women's association without any reason and even without approval by the corporation.toimadurai@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12366400", "title": "Coal scam: BJP demands CBI probe after CAG report on allotment of coal blocks", "text": "NEW DELHI: Taking note of the draft report of the Comptroller &amp; Auditor General (CAG) on allotment of coal blocks without auction, the BJP on Thursday demanded a CBI probe into the allotment of coal blocks and monitoring of the probe by a court.\"The coal allotment scam is a major scam. We demand a CBI probe and a court should monitor the probe. It is a government of scamsters (that is) involved in knee-deep corruption,\" BJP leader Prakash Javdekar told reporters outside Parliament.\"Why coal blocks were alloted without auction?\" Javdekar asked.According to the CAG draft report, the government extended undue benefits totalling a Rs 10.67 lakh crore to commercial entities by giving them 155 coal acreages without auction between 2004 and 2009.Referring to major scams, Javdekar said, \"The CWG scam is (is to the tune) of Rs 70,000 crore, 2G scam is Rs 1.76 lakh crore. But, now the new coal scam is Rs 10.67 lakh crore. It is a government of scams... from airways to mining everywhere the government is involved in scams.\"He said, \"In 2006, the government introduced the Bill for auction of coal blocks...But the government did not pass the Bill till 2010. 17 billion tonnes of coal reserve in 73 blocks were distributed to private companies. It is a huge scam. There are many cases where people have sold the licences.\"BJP also sought an explanation from Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on the issue.Talking to reporters after Parliament lost its question hour to protests over the alleged scam, BJP leader M. Venkaiah Naidu said Manmohan Singh should clarify as he headed the coal ministry at the time of the scam. \"It is his moral responsibility,\" Naidu said here.Naidu said no other minister's explanation will suffice.Another BJP leader, Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi, held Congress president Sonia Gandhi responsible for the scam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12362801", "title": "The poor groom walked away with a rich bride?", "text": "HYDERABAD: Employees walking into Mahindra Satyam's Infocity campus in Hyderabad's IT district of Madhapur on Wednesday morning were greeted by a curious sight. Huge posters extolling the 'Power of 1' and sporting a picture of a man (with the Tech Mahindra logo emblazoned on top) and a woman with the Mahindra Satyam logo on top were plastered across the entrance and lobby of the building that once housed disgraced Satyam boss B Ramalinga Raju's offices on the fifth floor.The posters, meant to drive home the impending merger of the two players to employees, left many drawing parallels with a groom (Tech Mahindra) who will take the bride (Mahindra Satyam) away after marriage, especially since Satyam brand name is expected to be history The situation also had many joking that it was a case of a poor boy (TechM that is saddled with a huge debt) bagging the hand of a rich yet beleaguered bride in marriage as MSat has huge cash reserves and land banks. Most Mahindra Satyam employees woke up on Wednesday to reports of the merger like the rest of the world, some like Apurva, for whom Wednesday was Day one in the company, sported dazed expressions, while others appeared to be resigned to MSat's very much like a soon-to-be-wed bride.There were others like a top-ranking Satyam official, who has been with the company since Raju's days, but was visibly taken aback on hearing the news of the headquarters of the merged entity to be Mumbai and others who couldn't help but fret over whether the merger meant the axe would be wielded.\"We were not told about the merger or shifting of headquarters to Mumbai. We are very worried there will be lay-offs because of the merger,\" said Mayura K, a techie who has been with the company over the past four and half years. Added Shanti B, who has been Satyam since before the scam: \"I came to know about the merger through newspapers. With the brand image of Satyam being washed out after the scam, a merger may be a better in the current scenario.\" \"This is a change we will have to live with,\" said Ashutosh who has put in 7 years with Satyam in two different stints. A mail from the office of Mahindra Satyam chairman Vineet Nayyar announcing the merger was only sent out to employees on Wednesday morning, confirmed Hari T, chief people's officer, MSat, adding throughout the day business leaders and team leaders were holding meetings with employees to brief them. The minority shareholders of the company, who have been opposing the merger on the grounds that the MSat scrip was undervalued, are not too happy to hear about the merger or the swap ratio (One TechM share for 8.5 MSat shares). \"I am not satisfied. The share swap ratio is not reasonable,\" said a disgruntled Hyderabad-based shareholder NP Ranga Rao.\"A swap ratio of 1:4 or 5 would have been fair because Satyam is a bigger IT player with huge assets like land banks and buildings,\" added another city-based shareholder Bharat Shah.According to another minority shareholder Praful Chavda, who has been invested in Satyam since its IPO, the ratio was only favourable for TechM shareholders and was not good for minority shareholders of MSat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12362218", "title": "\u2018Swarbhaskar\u2019 for Pt Birju Maharaj", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation will be presenting the second 'Swarbhaskar' award, instituted by it in memory of Pandit Bhimsen Joshi, to well-known exponent of the Lucknow Kalka-Bindadin gharana of kathak, Pandit Birju Maharaj on Sunday.The award function, which will be attended by mayor Vaishali Bankar, carries a memento and Rs 1,11,111.As a prelude to the presentation ceremony, Kathak danseuse Shama Bhate and group will perform, followed by the award conferring ceremony and screening of a short film on Pt Joshi. A classical music rendition by Madhusudan Palshikar is also in order.Pt Birju Maharaj has won many awards including Padma Vibhshan in 1986, Sangeet Natak Akademi Award and the Kalidas Samman.He has also received honorary doctorate degrees from the Banaras Hindu University (Varanasi) and the Khairagarh University. He was also the recipient of Lata Mangeshkar Puraskaar in 2002.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12368952", "title": "Ayushmann Khurrana turns singer", "text": "Not just an acting debut in the film Vicky Donor, former VJ Ayushmann Khurrana is also singing a song in the film.Little did Ayushmann know that an impromptu song he wrote in college would now mark his musical debut in the film.Ayushmann had composed and even penned the lyrics of the song titled, \"Paani\". The song is a Punjabi ballad that he had written while he was in college several years ago.Talking about how this all happened, Ayushmann says, \"One day I was sitting with Shoojitda discussing which music director to rope in and I happened to be carrying my guitar that day. I mentioned the song I had written 8 years ago in 2003 along with my friend Rochak Kohli who now heads a radio station. Shoojitda asked me to play it. He liked it so much that he decided to use it in the film. I couldn't have asked for a better showcasing of my song than through this film,\" says Ayushmann.Directed by Shoojit Sircar the film marks the acting debut of VJ turned actor Ayushmann Khurrana, who plays a Punjabi cricket player cum sperm donor in love with a Bengali girl, played by television actress Yami Gautam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "12367724", "title": "War crimes: China backs Lanka on UN resolution", "text": "BEIJING: China on Thursday firmly backed Sri Lanka against the US-sponsored resolution at the UNHRC on alleged war crimes, saying it is against any country putting pressure on others in the name of rights violations.Sri Lanka has made rapid progress in promoting human rights and realisation of national reconciliation, the Chinese Foreign Ministry said in a statement.Replying to questions about China's stand at the United Nations Human Rights Council (UNHRC) resolution calling for important steps towards reconciliation and accountability over the allegations of war crimes during the final days of the conflict with LTTE, the Chinese ministry said Sri Lanka and its people were capable of dealing with their own affairs.China thinks dialogue and cooperation is the basic way to solve differences on human rights and Beijing is opposed to any pressure mounted on Colombo with a resolution, it said.Instead of complicating the issue with such action, the international community should create a conducive atmosphere to stabilise situation in Sri Lankan, it added.China, in recent years has made big investments in Sri Lanka besides assisting the island with major projects like building a modern port at Hambanthotta, emerging as one of Colombo's staunch allies.China's support to Sri Lanka came days after India expressed its inclination to vote in favour of the resolution.Earlier this month, Sri Lankan defence secretary Gotabaya Rajapaksa visited Beijing to seek its support to stave off the US-led move.Chinese defence minister General Liang Guanglie who met him said China will continue to support Sri Lanka's efforts in safeguarding state independence, sovereignty and territorial integrity and realising social and economic development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12365127", "title": "Minors rescued from Thakurpukur house", "text": "KOLKATA: Twenty-eight minors, including 14 girls, were rescued from a home in Thakurpukur on Tuesday night. Representatives from the state Child Welfare Committee (CWC) and two NGOs raided the home with the help of the cops after an inmate complained of sexual abuse by the director of the home. The complaint by the teenage girl has brought to light how safe children are in various shelter homes across the state.Rita (name changed), an inmate of a home run by the NGO Hope Home escaped from the shelter house few days back. The police found her roaming aimlessly in the Haridevpur area. Police then got in touch with Childline. During the counselling by the Childline volunteers the girl alleged that the inmates were victims of sexual exploitation.State CWC chairperson Minati Adhikari said the allegations of sexual exploitation were brought in against the director of the organization. The team was also shocked to find that the director could not produce any document licensing the organization to keep the children.\"Though we are yet to delve deeper into the allegations, prima facie it seems that some of them faced molestation from the director,\" said Adhikari.The CWC team, accompanied by representatives from Hive India and Childline, raided Srijani on Tuesday night and took away 14 girls from the home. The boys, though, are still there with police protection.\"It seems that the home was being run by the director only. The fact that the boys and girls were kept in the same premises is creating suspense over how he managed to get the kids there. The home was being run in a very mysterious way,\" added Adhikari.Many of the victims are from places as far as Assam and Nagaland and some of them were only three years old. Efforts are on to contact their parents. Adhikari said the home was neither an orphanage nor a rescue home. It was being run with foreign fund. CWC will file a complaint against the director soon.It may be noted that the allegation of sexual abuse comes close on the heels of a similar incident reported from a Delhi orphanage. The warden of Araya orphanage allegedly abused the inmates. The matter came to light after the death of an 11-year-old girl in a Delhi hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12366666", "title": "When it comes to bribes, Chennaiites tightfisted", "text": "CHENNAI: In what can be seen as a sort of consolation , Chennaiites pay the least amount of bribes compared to people in cities like Mumbai , New Delhi, Bangalore and Hyderabad , according to an independent survey by a website. In its 'Market Price of Corruption' ipaidabribe.com listed posts from people in different cities and found Chennaiites paid nearly Rs 2crorein 999 incidents of bribery. Their counterparts in Bangalore topped the list, coughing up Rs 12 crore in 4,353 incidents, while Delhiites paid Rs 4.8 crore in 697 incidents, MumbaikarsRs 4.5 crorein 1123 incidents and Hyderabad is Rs 2.7 crorein 1,304 incidents.In incidents related to parking violations, Bangaloreans , on an average , paid a fine of Rs 380 , Chennaites Rs 214, Delhiites Rs 350, thosein Mumbai paid Rs 320 and Hyderabad is Rs 250.Of the 1,000 cases posted , the most number of complaints were against police who accounted for almost 40% of the bribes. Staff of departments related to registration of propertiescame a distantsecondwith 132 cases.People also wrote about their experiences . \"I once paid Rs 500 to a policeman because I wasn't wearing a helmet , and I was the pillion rider ,\" posted a rider about an incident in Vadapalani, Chennai.In passport-related matters , Chennaiites seem willing to go to any extent to get their work done,spending,on an average,Rs508 as bribe. While Delhiites head the list with about Rs 1,500, Bangaloreans spend about Rs 430,Hyderabadis Rs 836, Mumbaikars Rs 570 and Puneites Rs 500.Most bribes were given by people applying for passports under the tatkal scheme.\"At first , they dismissed me saying I didn't have the necessary documents but when I gave Rs 3,000 he didn't seem bothered about the lack of documents.Isawothers giving Rs 10,000with almost nodocuments. Some had come with just their ration cards ,while others had to get three address proof documents ,\" a post from Chennai said .At the height of the nationwide protest against corruption , begun by social activistA nna Hazare , more than 8,000 people gathered on Chennai's famous Marina beach on August 22, 2011 and many vowed never to pay a bribe again .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12362377", "title": "The National Assessment and Accreditation Council to bring in new grading system from April", "text": "LUCKNOW: The National Assessment and Accreditation Council (NAAC) will introduce a new methodology for grading educational institutions from April. The announcement, which was made recently by NAAC director Prof HA Ranganath, is aimed at strengthening the process of evaluation in universities and colleges.As per NAAC team members, the new methodology will identify intangible qualities (those which cannot be measures) in institutions. The number of books in a library, students, and faculty can easily be measured. But this time, NAAC will evaluate whether the programmes are gender-neutral and how environment-friendly campuses are.Welcoming the move , additional secretary, higher education , RK Chaturvedi said: \"I feel that the new methodology will focus more on research work. Things such as number of research papers published internationally both by students and teachers, feedback from teachers regarding the quality of students and vice-versa will now play an essential role.''The main purpose of the new methodology is to inculcate internal quality. \"We do not want institutions to impress us during our visits. We want them to make a commitment towards quality,'' said a NAAC member, adding that the main thrust of the new methodology will be on research. While in universities there would be emphasis on the importance of research and innovation, in colleges, the NAAC team would look for a broader educational experience for students.Therefore, the new manual will lay down appropriate methodology to gauge the performance of institutions of higher education, having intrinsically different structure and working. On the challenges and issues being faced by NAAC while assessing different institutions, Prof Ranganath said: \"There exists a huge diversity and pluralism among the higher learning institutions in the country. Hence, evaluation through a single common methodology is difficult.''The new methodology will not only fine tune the grading system but also focus on weightages on aspects such as grants to research faculty and others. 'While NAAC is talking about strengthening research, teachers in colleges affiliated to Lucknow University are deprived of doing research work. To add quality, more teachers should be encouraged to research. This will eventually help students,'' said Moulindu Mishra, a college teacher.NAAC, which has its headquarters in Bangalore, has been given a mission to arrange for periodic assessment and accreditation of institutions or specific academic programmes or projects, and also to stimulate the academic environment for promotion of quality of teaching, learning and research.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12366138", "title": "Raakesh Paswan enjoys dual roles!", "text": "Raakesh Paswan belongs to theater background and started working in theater after his 10th exams. He grew up in Jharkhand and later came to Mumbai and assisted directors in various production houses.He got an opportunity to write episodes for few shows and realized that this is something he always wanted to do. He has written atleast twelve shows and the most popular ones include Dulhaan, Mamta, Ek Ladki Anjaani Si, Thodi Khushi Thode Gham,Jahan Pe Basera Ho, Meri Awaz Ko Mil Gayi Roshni and Hamari Devrani which became the turning point. He has produced Baba Aiso Var Dhundho in the past and now his produced Afsar Bitiya on Zee is winning him accolades. On being asked which role he prefers of a writer or a producer he says, \" Both have their own special attributes. Since I play both the roles, I can't differentiate. Whenever I produce a new show, I conceive and develop the concept and also write down the initial episodes to give it the right correct shape. As a writer when I write, my job is done. But now that I am a producer as well, my job does not end there. I also have to ensure that it is depicted properly on screen. It may sound surprising, but because I play both the roles, once for my regional show I have re-shot scenes because I did not feel it was depicted correctly. My team is always very scared of me that I can do such things in future also. Both roles have the creative aspects and I am happy to play the both roles. Afsar Bitiya is being appreciated and it really feels nice\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12366924", "title": "In Agent Vinod portrayal of Saif, Kareena is unconventional: Sriram Raghavan", "text": "On the eve of release of the spy thriller 'Agent Vinod', director Sriram Raghavan says that the audience will be \"surprised\" to see the other side of real life couple Saif Ail Khan and Kareena Kapoor on the screen.Since the time they started dating, Saif and Kareena have acted together in two films, namely 'Tashan' and 'Kurbaan', however, both the movies failed to click with the audience.\"For us that was (pairing Saif and Kareena) something we were conscious of....But it did not scare me...I took it as a challenge. Here he (Saif) is playing a spy, don't know much about him, his past, what he would do next, while Kareena plays a mysterious girl who Saif encounters in Morocco . I am not making a love story with them, I am making a plot driven film,\" Raghavan told PTI in an interview.The Saif and Kareena-starrer spy thriller is scheduled to hit the screens tomorrow.\"Probably, viewers would expect something...I hope we kind of a defy that and so they would be like surprised seeing a different kind of a relationship that they have seen (between the two). Even the audience would forget that they are a real life couple. They would be seen in a different way..,\" he said.The director said it was Saif's idea to cast Kareena opposite him in 'Agent Vinod'.\"Saif and I thought of coming together with a spy movie as we both liked the old 'Agent Vinod'. The fact that Saif has his own production house and Kareena as his friend and also that she was not cast in 'Love Aaj Kal' so Saif asked is there a role for her, so I told him let me finish the script first,\" Raghavan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12365855", "title": "Artist Swati Jadhav is inspired by nature", "text": "Swati Jadhav's recent exhibition is based on nature and people in rural India. The artist talks about her work in a quick interview with Debarati S Sen.This is your 14th solo exhibition? How has your journey as an artist been? I always had an attraction towards drawing and paintings, which inspire me to take up a career as an artist. After post graduating in Fine Arts (M.A), I worked as an Art Teacher in Indian School, Bahrain and also worked there as a commercial artist in a private firm. After I came back to India, I started taking up art classes at home, for anybody who wanted to learn just as hobby or for grade examinations. In this way I kept in touch with art and paintings. Later I started doing my own paintings, and in the year 2003, I showcased my first solo exhibition. Being a lover of the nature, I traveled to Rajasthan, Konkan, Darjeeling, Mahabaleshwar, Matheran, Goa, Gujarat and you will find glimpses of this in my paintings, which I have depicted in my own way.What are you trying to convey to people through your art? I try to show glimpse of nature which will bring happiness and pleasure to look at.Why do you mostly use oils and acrylic as your medium? I like to paint with oils as a medium. Oils paintings are done on stretched canvases, on which we need to apply seven to eight layers of colours intermittently and that is why it takes longer to dry. Oil paintings have a longer life and do not fade with time. Acrylic colours dry quickly and can be used in a way similar to oils.What is your take about water colours? Water colours can bring out the mood of the moment of the nature and give a transparency to the paintings.What inspires you to paint? The beauty of nature and memories of travel to various destinations in India inspires me. Beauty and strength of women whether in city or in villages also inspire me.What is special about your work? How is your art different? Simplicity is the key word. I try to keep my paintings simple so that people can understand it easily. I feel my work is calming in nature.How long does it take to finish one painting? That varies and depends on the painting. It takes a little longer for oil paintings to dry than water or acrylic paintings. Smaller paintings take lesser time and larger canvases or detail working takes longer time approximately three months.Indian artists that inspire her work Raja Ravi Verma, K.B. Kulkarni, Madhav Satawlekar and Vasudeo KamathForeign artists that inspire her Vincent Van Gogh , John Constable and Paul CezanneThe exhibition will be on till March 26, from 11 am to 7 pm at the Nehru Centre Circular Art Gallery, Discovery of India Bldg, Dr Annie Besant Road, Worli, Mumbai", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "12365739", "title": "Congress-Nationalist Congress Party comes to power with slender margin in Wardha", "text": "WARDHA: The Congress-NCP alliance got its president and vice-president elected to Wardha ZP, preventing the BJP alliance from coming to power in the Wardha ZP for the first time in history. The BJP alliance had remarkably managed 25 members, one less than the majority.Ending all speculation on Wednesday, Congress candidate Dnyaneshwar Dhage was elected president of the ZP while NCP candidate Sanjay Khamanapure was voted vice-president. These two fortunate candidates defeated Virendra (Rana) Rannavare of BJP and Gajanan Nikam of Swatantra Bharat Paksh (SBP) respectively by one vote. District collector Jaishree Bhoj conducted the election and declared the result.In the ZP election, 17 members each of Congress and BJP were elected. Eight members of NCP, five independents, one members of Shiv Sena and three of SBP had also won. BJP, in a press conference last week, had declared support of 25 members out of 51, which included SBP, Shiv Sena and four independent candidates and were sure of getting one more in his fold.Meanwhile, keeping aside differences among Congressmen, Amar Kale, former MLA of Arvi, could finally manage one candidate to support the alliance. Ranjeet Kamble, the PWD minister, reportedly denied a ticket for Gopal Kalokar, who finally fought as an independent and won. Sources say that Kale succeeded in getting Kalokar to support Cong-NCP alliance. Had Kale not managed the same, BJP would have humiliated the Congress-NCP alliance, as Wardha is known as its stronghold.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "goa", "code": "12365481", "title": "Now, men and trees will mourn", "text": "GOA: He was Goa's original environment activist. The first of a breed of persons who fought for a cause, who had a vision, who believed in saving Goa for future generations and would not back down from the high moral ground they took.It was the 1970s when Goa first heard of Matanhy Saldanha, a science teacher in Don Bosco High School, Panaji , who was on a hunger strike leading the cause of the traditional fishermen against the onslaught of mechanized fishing. At that time, in a society that built a wide wall between castes and class, it was almost inconceivable to think of a Catholic 'Brahmin' bhatcar to be taking up the cause of the 'kharvi' community. Matanhy did it and not only did he obtain for the ramponkars their rights, but dealt that first blow on societal prejudices in Goa, managed to awaken the Church to social causes and in the ensuing elections the ramponkar movement turned out to be one of the issues that led to breaking the hold the Maharashtrawadi Gomantak Party (MGP) had over Goa.He didn't stop with the fishermen's issue. It was the starting point of many more causes and while Matanhy was a successful leader of agitations and causes, he, however, was not a very successful politician having contested numerous times and managing to make it to the legislature just twice. As a minister he was even less lucky.In 2002 he opted to stay out of the cabinet and allowed his United Goans Democratic Party (UGDP) colleagues Atanasio 'Babush' Monserrate and Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco to join the Manohar Parrikar cabinet. When he did join the cabinet in 2004, it was not long before he lost the post as the government fell a few months later, before he could do anything to leave behind a legacy.Now, when finally Goa had a defender of its environment as protector of the state's environment, Matanhy was taken away even before he was able to begin to formulate his plans. All he was able to do was announce that no more forest land would be diverted for mining and that the government would take up the tiger corridor issue with the Union government. Less than 48 hours later Matanhy would not be among the living.He was a man who stood by his principles, his Goa and never attempted to make a political career by forsaking his ideals or his roadmap for the land of his birth. As a founder member of the political party Gomant Lok Pokx, Matanhy struggled, along with the few other idealists that had come together, to give the then union territory an alternative to the existing political parties. Unfortunately there were not too many among the electorate that would believe in that principled stance of the GLP and the party was never able to send an MLA to the assembly.The GLP experiment may have failed, but it didn't break Matanhy's resolve to make the difference to Goa by raising the issues in the assembly. He took the decision to make common cause with the UGDP and having joined the party won his first assembly election in 2002. That's when the firebrand leader showed a mellowing of the fighting spirit and when he displayed leanings towards the BJP, some of the members of his old clique slowly distanced themselves from him, though he never strayed away from his concerns, which in recent times included the demand of special status for Goa.Matanhy is no more with the people of Goa. The state has lost one of the most ardent defenders of its environment, its culture, its forests. Less than a week back when the forest and environment portfolios were entrusted in his care, the trees must have swayed their branches in glee. Today, as the coffin maker saws the wood for Matanhy's coffin, the trees will join the rest of Goa in mourning their champion defender, the man who sacrificed for the land and its woods.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12365321", "title": "Sardesai keen to develop Fatorda lake, seeks budgetary provisions", "text": "MARGAO: Independent Fatorda MLA Vijai Sardesai has firmly set his sights on developing the Fatorda lake and turning it into an aesthetically appealing landmark of the constituency.Towards that end, Sardessai told TOI, he has already made known his ideas to chief minister Manohar Parrikar while seeking budgetary provisions for some important projects in Fatorda.\"I have accorded top priority to the task of development of Fatorda lake. I have certain plans to develop the lake thereby rendering the environs scenic and alluring,\" Sardessai said. The ex- general secretary of the Congress said he was hopeful of a positive response from the chief minister who has assured him that he would make budgetary provision for Fatorda wherever necessary \"whilst clearing other issues as routine matters.\"\"The chief minister had assured me that the government would provide all possible help to Fatorda to resolve long-pending issues and that no step-motherly treatment would be meted out to the constituency anymore,\" he said.Replacement of the sewerage line passing through Fatorda and setting up of trade zones in nearby industrial areas to relocate existing scrap yards in Fatorda constituency are the other main issues that Sardessai seeks to pursue with the government.\"The pipeline that was laid decades ago was inherently defective, and that is why there are incidents of the line getting ruptured and consequent overflowing of sewage into the fields. I will take up the matter with the government on a priority basis. As regards the scrapyards, I am of the opinion that the issue must be treated in a humane manner. The scrapyards are necessary to rid the city of recyclable waste, however, the government should set up trade zones in nearby industrial areas and relocate the existing scrap yards there,\" Sardessai said.Capping of garbage at Sonsodo, offering a rehabilitation package for proposed land losers and kiosk owners at KTC bus terminus, construction of multi storeyed satellite market at Old Market Tinto, construction of subway at railway track in Mungul, setting up parking facility at KTC bus stand, beautification of Monte Hill, are among the tasks that the Sardessai has earmarked for undertaking during his tenure as the Fatorda MLA, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12365291", "title": "Infrastructure Industry: A world of opportunities", "text": "The infrastructure industry is not limited to the construction of roads but also encompasses roads, railways, power, water supply, airways to telecommunications, oil and gas, and so on. Anand Wadadekar clears some of the common misconceptionsThe word 'infrastructure' immediately brings to mind images of roads and construction - but this is a common misconception. The field of infrastructure is vast; it encompasses roads, railways, power, water supply, airways to telecommunications, oil and gas, and so on. Another misconception is that the infrastructure sector is not meant for females. There are many job opportunities for females in departments like finance, HR and more. One more misconception is that, the infrastructure sector only requires people from engineering background. Non-engineering students too, have a chance to make a career in this sector in functions like finance, HR, marketing, etc. where no technical knowledge is required. Infrastructure jobs do not necessarily mean site jobs where a person has to work with labourers, contractors, etc. There are many other jobs which require managerial skills.The Planning Commission of India, Govt. of India has stressed on the need and requirement of infrastructural development in India through a number of policies and initiatives for a growing economy of India. The initial projections for infrastructure in the 12th Five Year Plan (FY13-17) is at US $ 1 trillion. This indicates that there is huge investment potential in infrastructure and this certainly translates into a huge scope for careers and employment in this sector. Infrastructure is truly a dynamic sector where, exciting job openings are coming up like never before, which has started to surpass the IT boom witnessed 10 years ago.The infrastructure sector has been stressing on the need to have specialised courses in infrastructure business. In a recently held National Infrastructure Conference in Mumbai, the most important point highlighted was that there was tremendous lack of availability of skilled workforce (professionals) in this sector and proper education programmes were not available to students for specialising in infrastructure in India.Infrastructure spending has been and will remain a high priority for the government, providing huge scope for employment and investments, with immense wealth creation opportunity and the sector having low attrition rate of 8-9%. Students can surely consider making their careers in the infrastructure sector.Some Institutes offering courses in Infrastructure business/management: SAMVIT School of Infrastructure Business, Pune offers a two-year full-time Post Graduate Programme in Infrastructure Business (PGPIB), the course contents of which are equivalent to an MBA. It also offers short duration certification courses in infrastructure, construction, etc. Visit www.samvitinfra.com for more details. The National Institute of Construction Management And Research (NICMAR), Pune offers two-year full-time courses in construction management, project engineering, real estate, etc. Visit www.nicmar.ac.in for details. Adani Institute of Infrastructure Management, Ahmedabad, Gujarat offers a one-year full-time Post Graduate Programme in Infrastructure Management. For more insight, visit www.aiim.ac.in(The author is a career consultant)Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12366048", "title": "Sutherland, Genpact eye Apollo BPO", "text": "MUMBAI: Back office majors Sutherland Global Services and Genpact are in the final race to acquire Apollo Health Street, the healthcare business process outsourcing (BPO) arm of Apollo Hospitals, in a deal valued at over Rs 1,100 crore ($220 million), said two separate sources briefed on the matter.Sutherland, which has put in a higher bid, may be the front-runner to buy the asset even though both contenders are completing the due diligence process. Apollo Hospitals and associates hold about 54% stake, while Temasek Holdings , One Equity Partners and other financial investors have the remaining shares in the 12-year-old BPO firm. Barclays and Kotak Mahindra Capital are advising the promoters on the potential sale process.The transaction is expected to value Apollo Health Street at about two times revenue , which is estimated at a little over $100 million. Apollo counts the BPO unit as a noncore investment and has been open to divesting its interest, though in the past it has stated intention to retain part of the shareholding. \"We are open to strategic partnerships but there is nothing as yet,\" said a top Apollo executive, who didn't want to come on record. One of the sources mentioned earlier said Apollo may decide to fully exit or retain a stake.\"It can still swing both ways,\" he added.Apollo Health Street takes up the outsourced financial and technology work for the big healthcare service providers , helping them to run profitable and efficient operations . It has 12 delivery locations , including four in India. The Prathap C Reddy family owned Apollo Hospitals is India's largest healthcare service provider with a network of 54 hospitals.A Genpact spokesperson declined to comment on speculation, while an emailed query to Sutherland remained unanswered at the time of going to press.The acquisition may help players like Sutherland and Genpact to scale up in the healthcare BPO market, which is expected to benefit from US president Barack Obama's reforms extending insurance cover to more Americans and the transitioning to an advanced classification of disease coding. The combined opportunity pool could be as big as $20 billion in the next five years.BPO biggies like the $1.6-billion Genpact have been on the prowl for buyouts to bolster business verticals like healthcare and insurance. Last year, the NYSE-listed firm acquired Headstrong and EmPower Research, as part of a plan to expand consulting and business research practices.The privately-held Sutherland , backed by Standard Chartered Private Equity and Oak Investment Partners, was founded by ex-Xerox employee Raj Vellodi in 1986. Its clients are from the retail, banking, insurance, healthcare, telecommunications and travel &amp; hospitality sectors, and have global delivery centres in United States , Canada , Mexico, Philippines , United Kingdom and India, employing 25,000 people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12362352", "title": "Jeweller\u2019s shop theft in city worth Rs 2.5 crore", "text": "LUCKNOW: A theft reported on Tuesday at Kumar Traders and Jewellers shop at Sarrafa Market in Aminabad police station area has turn out to be worth Rs 2.5 crore. Initially, the cops dismissed it as a small incident.The shop owner Rahul Rastogi, a resident of Raja Bazaar, on Wednesday gave the list of stolen jewellery and cash worth Rs 2.5 crore. He had told the police that gold jewellery worth Rs 2 crore and cash worth Rs 50 lakh kept in the safe had been stolen. According to reports, Rahul's shop like other jewellery shops was closed following call by the All India Jewellers Association to protest against levying of Central excise on jewellery. On March 20, when Rahul came to open the shop, he found two locks of channel broken and jewellery kept on the counter and safe stolen.On Tuesday, Rahul was unable to give the list of the items stolen and was to give the same after evaluation of the loss. The police however, had claimed that the theft was expected to of a few lakhs.However, Rahul's evaluated the loss of item to be at Rs 2.5 crore. The theft has thus become the biggest one in the state capital in the recent past . Till now, robbery at Khun Khun Ji Jeweller's shop at Bhootnath way back in 2003 was recorded as the biggest loot in the state capital when miscreants had fled with jewellery worth Rs 2 crore after opening fire. However, with jewellery and cash worth Rs 2.5 crore being stated to have been stolen, the theft, according to the police, could even be the biggest in Lucknow.The police are probing the role of the insiders behind the crime. The belief of the police is based on the fact that a total of 15 locks were opened. Of this, four locks were on the shutter and 11 in total of three channels while gold and silver jewellery were kept at the counter almirah.Strangely, the miscreants only took away gold jewellery leaving away silver jewellery and closed 13 locks leaving only two locks open.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12365471", "title": "Gang on robbery spree targets six persons in two hours", "text": "NAGPUR: Kalamna police rounded up two juveniles on Sunday and arrested one of their accomplices the following day for pulling off half-a-dozen armed robberies in a couple of hours in Nagpur city and district on March 11. . The trio, said police, was part of a five-member gang.The accused had committed three robberies in Kalamna, two in Kamptee and another in Deolapar. The gang also snatched the two-wheelers of the victims and used them to reach the next crime scene.Police have also recovered some of the stolen property and arms used to threaten the victims from Sandeep Choudhary, alias Buddha, presently in police custody. Karan Rajput and Kailash Nagpure, also said to be part of the gang, are still at large. Rajput had roped in the juvenile delinquents and others to execute the robberies for money and valuables.The gang began their robbing spree from Shiv Shakti Nagar in Kalamna where they barged into the residence of Singh family and looted them at knifepoint. Apart from Rs 6,000 cash, the robbers also took away all valuables.Kalamna police team of head constable Vijay Salve, constables Vijay Khangar, Suryakant Tiwari and others have managed to recover cash Rs 1,500 and some silver from Buddha, which he had taken from the Singhs.The gang later went to a desolate place near a cold storage on Kamptee Road. They waited for some time before they intercepted Nathu Sahu's bike. The miscreants pushed Sahu down and robbed him of cash Rs 4,500, gold valuables and a mobile phone. The robbers also kept Sahu's bike before they shooed him away.After some time, the gang struck again. This time they intercepted Surendrapal Sarah on a scooter and robbed him and his pillion rider Karim. Apart from cash Rs 13,100, the robbers also snatched a mobile phone from the duo before fleeing with their scooter too.Police said the gang, now on two stolen bikes, moved out of the city to reach Kamptee where they robbed two more people before fleeing with their bikes too. Police said the gang had abandoned the two-wheelers snatched from Kalamna at different places in Kamptee and Gumthala, and decided to proceed further on the two newly stolen bikes.Police said that while Buddha and two juvenile delinquents decided to return, their accomplices went on to rob another person at Deolapar. Both city and rural police have launched a manhunt to trace the absconding members of the gang.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12362728", "title": "Taps will flow in the outskirts", "text": "BANGALORE: On World Water Day (Thursday), there couldn't be a better gift for Bangaloreans, especially those living in new areas. The Rs 1,000crore grant to BWSSB comes as a boon to parched areas. This money will be spent on various works, including execution of Cauvery Water Supply Scheme Stage IV, Phase II, which will supply water to the city's outskirts and newer areas of Greater Bangalore.The project has a mandate to be completed by September 2012. Much-awaited, it aims to bring in an additional 500 million litres of water to Bangalore.For those living in upcoming suburbs like Marathahalli, Sarjapur Road, Whitefield, Yelahanka New Town, KR Puram, Bommanahalli, Electronic City and Bommasandra, getting Cauvery water was a distant dream as the outlying areas did not have BWSSB connectivity.However, BWSSB had collected installation charges from property owners in these areas about three years ago, though there was no water supply due to technical glitches in the pipeline network, and non-availability of plumbers.Ditto with those living in the 110 villages on the outskirts of the city, that were added to Greater Bangalore in 2009. The lack of Cauvery water supply in these areas had pushed the residents to depend on borewell water and private tankers. It is believed that the Cauvery project will prevent further depletion of the ground water table in these areas.Illegal water connections, pilferage and water theft, which have been bothering city dwellers and the BWSSB, may come to come an end as the chief minister has announced implementation of projects to reduce unaccounted-for water. The budget also has some allocation for improving underground drainage systems and treatment plants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12367183", "title": "Labour dept to initiate final round of talks", "text": "KOCHI: With the nurses at Lakeshore Hospital intensifying their agitation, the labour department has asked the nurses' union to submit its new demands. Regional labour commissioner Vincent Alex said the department would initiate a final try to resolve the issue.\"We will discuss with the hospital management and the nurses' union. If it fails, the case will be referred to the labour court,\" he said. But, the nurses' union said it had not received any communication in this regard. \"We told the labour department about our demands. We want the hospital to implement the terms of agreement signed to call off the previous strike,\" said Beljo Elias, district president, United Nurses Association (UNA).UNA leaders said the hospital management had influenced the government and that is why the authorities were not taking a decision in favour of the nurses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12367904", "title": "3 Bachelors attempts to cash on Sharman\u2019s success", "text": "It seems like the makers of the much-delayed '3 Bachelors' are trying to cash in on Sharman's 'Ferrari Ki Sawari'.Sharman Joshi's much-delayed film 3 Bachelors will finally release on May 11, 2012. The film stars Sharman with Sen Sisters - Raima and Riya in lead roles. It is obvious that the makers are trying to cash in on the popularity of Sharman's much anticipated film Ferrari Ki Sawari by releasing it a week after its release.Bachelors is delayed for more than 7 years. Even the title is changed from 'Bachelors' to '3 Bachelors', once again to gain from the success of Sharman Joshi's '3 Idiots'.Coming back to Ferrari Ki Sawari, the film is produced by Vidhu Vinod Chopra and is amongst the most awaited films of 2012. The film will be releasing on April 27.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12362674", "title": "Women vulnerable without public transport", "text": "GURGAON: After dark, the city's deserted roads can put fear in the heart of anyone, let alone women who have repeatedly faced harassment and worse over the years. Barring the expressway, almost all of the city's major roads are poorly lit. Pavements are rare even along important roads such as MG Road, Sohna Road and those in Cyber City, and these few have been encroached.A study published by Jagori, an NGO working for women's empowerment, on building safe and inclusive cities for women says most women avoid walking on dark roads and unlit streets. \"Additionally, the lack of streetlighting in commercial areas makes it difficult for women to work late. Lack of efficient public transport can make it difficult for women to access the city...\" it says.\"I even fear to walk down from MG Road to my PG accommodation in DLF-II, only 100 metres from the main road. Poor lighting makes it scarier. You never know from which side men on bikes will appear and target you,\" said Shruti Rohatgi, who works with an IT firm in Manesar.At the Metro stations, women can always be found making frantic calls to their family members to come and pick them up, as there is no public transport from the stations to the residential colonies. For Gurgaon's 15 lakh population there are only 15 city buses. Now the government has announced it will introduce 15 more such buses to meet the growing demand.\"In the daytime, we can take an auto, but what can we do at night? The drivers charge exorbitant fares and there is no guarantee of passengers' safety,\" said Vashvi Lall, a resident of Sector 56. Often, women living in far off areas like Sohna Road, Manesar have to share autorickshaws with complete strangers to reach home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "new delhi/kolkata", "code": "12365123", "title": "Custody row: Norway says children cannot go back to family", "text": "NEW DELHI/KOLKATA: After new developments in the custody case, Norway's Child Welfare Services (CWS) has now said the children cannot go back to family, according to reports.In a statement, the CWS said, \"New developments involving two Indian children make it impossible to carry out the hearing in Stavanger District Court that was scheduled for Friday, March 23. The conflicts over the last few days between the parents and their respective families mean that the conditions for entering into an agreement of this kind are no longer present.\"In that hearing, the Indian authorities were supposed to recommend to a court in Norway that the children - three-year-old Abhigyan and one-year-old Aishwarya - be placed in the custody of their uncle.The child custody battle took another dramatic turn on Wednesday with Anurup Bhattacharya, the father of Abhigyan, 3, and Aishwarya, 1, denying he was seeking a divorce from wife, Sagarika.Anurup's outpouring of his marital problems the day before had led to the hearing for the custody of the two children being put on hold. He had said that his wife was the source of the problem in the family that prompted Norway's Child Welfare Services to take away the children and put them in foster care.In Delhi, the foreign office postponed a trip of two senior officials to Norway to attend a court hearing for transfer of custody of the two children to their family back home. Foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai said, \"The situation is changing even as we speak. The full details are being ascertained by our embassy in Norway.\"Preneet Kaur , minister of state for external affairs, said, \" A new situation has developed...we cannot interfere.\"Sources said embassy officials in Oslo had been sent to speak to the father and his brother, Arunabhas Bhattacharya, who was to be the guardian and primary caregiver for the children, to get a better picture of what was happening within the family and what they intended to do.On Tuesday, both Anurup and Arunabhas had told the Norwegian authorities that they did not want to remove the children from foster care. The two came back on Wednesday with the opposite request.Anurup and Sagarika also sent a joint email in which they admitted having had differences but said they stood united for their kids. Arunabhas also rubbished media reports that he was no longer inclined to be their guardian.On Wednesday, Aruanbhas is believed to have met Norwegian officials to finalize an agreement that will allow him to secure the kids' guardianship. Anurup said both he and Sagarika were willing to sign the agreement to let his brother get the children's custody and take them to India.Sources said the Norwegian courts could take one of two decisions. They could accept the petition of the family, give the children to them, send them back to India. Or, they could uphold their earlier decision and say the parents were clearly unfit to be responsible for the two children and continue to keep them in foster care.Things could get complicated if the family returns to India and the parents get divorced. Then the whole custody battle could be played out again. Because Indian and Norwegian legal systems are not compatible, a legal verdict in Norway will not be valid in India or vice versa. Therefore, if the children return to India with the parents, there is nothing to say that the order would not be challenged in India and the mother would not seek an Indian order to access or gain custody of her children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12362967", "title": "Platform extension work to delay Central Railway 15-car services", "text": "MUMBAI: Central Railway (CR) commuters will have to wait a bit longer for 15-car services as the authorities plan to first extend platforms at stations to accommodate trains of this length. CR officials estimate that they may be able to introduce the service after six months.A senior CR official said, \"We have identified stations where the platform length will have to be extended. We will approach the Mumbai Rail Vikas Corporation (MRVC) to seek funds for platform extension. Cost estimates for this work are being prepared after which tenders will be invited.\"Platforms at Byculla, Kurla, Ghatkopar, Bhandup, Mulund and Dombivli stations will have to extended. Yard re-modelling along with relocation of one signal at Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus (CST) will also have to be undertaken. The CR has also identified the stabling line at Kurla to accommodate 15-car trains.The official said that for a start, one rake will be use to run 7 to 8 services in Up and Down directions between 7am and 10pm.A few days ago, a senior official had said that CR had plans to run this service before the end of this financial year. However, the deadline was revised due to technical and operational problems, another official said.All 785 mainline suburban services on the CR are running on 12-car since November 2011. Fifteen-car trains will increase the carrying capacity of passengers-33% more commuters when compared with the capacity of 12-car services and 66% more when compared with 9-car services.Western Railway (WR) introduced 15-car rakes on its suburban section in 2009. They halt at all the stations between Borivli and Virar, except Naigaon, where the platform extension is in progress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12365685", "title": "High Court slams state government for failing to act against private bus operators", "text": "NAGPUR: The Bombay high court blasted Maharashtra government for its failure to act against private bus operators who 'exorbitantly' hike fares during the peak season. It observed that the operations, sans government monitoring, must be termed 'illegal'.A division bench comprising - justices Dilip Sinha and Vijaya Tahilramani - was hearing a PIL filed by a Nagpur and Pune-based NGO, Sahyog Trust, which contended that bus operators with interstate licenses prefer to operate only within Maharashtra, charge exorbitant fares during festivals and vacations.The judges directed the state to file a reply as to how it monitors private bus operators and directed the government to come up with details of any policy or guidelines in regard to their operations. They also expanded the scope of PIL by allowing the NGO to include private bus operators as respondents. \"The trend to charge exorbitant fares is prevalent now in the aviation sector and there is no control over it too,\" the judges said.Earlier, Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC)'s counsel GS Hegde said private operators obtain permits for plying buses from one state to another, but run them on lucrative routes within the state, thus eating into MSRTC's profit. This is illegal but the state has not taken any action. We have written to the government in this regard many a times, Hegde added.The petitioners claimed that there is no government regulation to check bus fares. Citing an example, the NGO stated that the routine ticket rates from Nagpur to Pune range between Rs 400 and Rs 600, which jumps to Rs 1,500 during the peak season. \"In the festive season and weekends when people prefer to go home, the private operators take undue advantage of the situation and exploit hapless travellers,\" the petitioners argued.Sahyog Trust members in Nagpur, lawyer Smita Sarode-Singalkar and Ravindra Bhusari, had launched a signature campaign to gain support from the citizens who frequently travel to Pune. Their counsels, Asim Sarode and Kiran Kulkarni, pointed out that passengers are not informed about fare hikes in advance and there is no redressal forum to listen to their grievances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "kollam", "code": "12368596", "title": "Court rules out TV for Italian naval guards", "text": "KOLLAM: The chief judicial magistrate here dismissed the petition by the counsel of Italian naval guards seeking a review of forensic examination of weapons seized from them.Magistrate A K Gopakumar dismissed the plea citing that allowing a review of examination would amount to undue interference in the probeThe defence counsel had contended in the petition that the Italian delegation approved by the magistrate to observe the examination process was in fact kept away by the Forensic Science Laboratory authorities and hence they needed a re-examination. But on Wednesday, the magistrate observed that contrary to their claim, the Italian delegation had voluntarily left the FSL. They have lost their opportunity as the court never gives the defence side the privilege to be a part of the investigation in no other cases.The magistrate also dismissed another petition seeking to grant a television for the naval guards under judicial custody.The magistrate said that as of now, there exists no circumstance to grant them a television. However, the court will not object if the Italian consul wants to provide the naval guards Italian newspapers and magazines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "daringbadi (kandhamal)", "code": "12366368", "title": "Kandhamal family shocked at Italian friend's abduction", "text": "DARINGBADI (KANDHAMAL): Dawood Pradhan still cannot believe the news. Nor can his family members. It was exactly a week back that Italians Bosusco Paolo and Claudio Colangelo had spent time with them before embarking on their trekking mission, but ended up getting kidnapped by Maoists.\"I hope and pray that they are safe and sound. I appeal to the Maoists to free them at the earliest,\" said Dawood, who lives at Gadapakalli village, located inside forest and bounded by hills in Maoist-dominated Brahmarbadi panchayat in Daringbadi block of Kandhamal. Though the Red rebels frequent this village and are believed to enjoy considerable support, no one in the vicinity had anticipated they could abduct their Italian friend, Paolo.The poor Pradhan household has known Paolo for last some years; the Italian, who is based in pilgrim town Puri for nearly two decades, has been visiting Daringbadi at frequent intervals. \"He comes every six months to one year and spends a couple of days with us. We feast and celebrate whenever he comes,\" Dawood said, adding, \"This time also we arranged country chicken for dinner and Paolo enjoyed the meal.\"Paolo, who runs an unauthorized tour agency at Puri along with a local, has on previous occasions brought along with him foreigner tourists. Claudio, Sontosh Moharana, a cook, and Kartik Parida, a helper, accompanied him from Puri to Daringbadi on March 12. \"On March 13, they reached Gadapakalli after trekking about seven km and came to our house,\" said Dawood, who works as a farm help to earn his livelihood. \"After dinner, they slept at a local church. They left the next morning after taking food,\" he added.The Pradhans developed a strong liking for Paolo a few years back when the Italian gave medicines to Dawood's son Salman, who is paralytic. \"Salman suffered a paralytic stroke and has been bed-ridden. Paolo's medicines have helped him make some movements,\" Dawood said.Dawood and his family came to know of Paolo's abduction on March 18, when some locals from Daringbadi informed them about it after news trickled in. The abductors let off Sontosh and Kartik but took hostage the two Italians. \"I cannot believe such a thing has happened. I am very worried and request the Maoists to free them without further delay,\" he gushed, em", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "portland", "code": "12365409", "title": "China beats US in iOS, Android activations", "text": "PORTLAND: China, the most-populous country, passed the US in February in new activations of Apple Inc and Android smartphones and tablets, according to Flurry Inc, a maker of software for tracking use of mobile applications.In the month, 23 per cent of activations of mobile devices based on Apple's iOS or Google Inc's Android software occurred in China, compared with 22 per cent in the US, Flurry said in a report. As recently as January 2011, China accounted for 8 per cent of the world's activations, while the US led with 28 per cent.China's large population and emerging middle class make it an increasingly important market for makers of hardware and software. To help widen its beachhead there, Cupertino, California-based Apple is striking deals with Chinese companies, such as China Telecom Corp.\"With China now activating more devices per month than the US, this means that the gap is closing between the two countries in terms of installed base,\" Flurry said in the report. \"Not only is China already the second largest app economy, but also could eventually overtake the US as the country with the largest installed base of smart device users.\"Currently, the US has twice as many active smart devices. This month, China will account for an estimated 24 per cent of device activations, compared with 21 per cent for the US, Flurry said.Prosperity growsIncreasing prosperity of Chinese consumers is the main driver behind growth in smartphones and other devices. China's middle class is expanding, and wealthier consumers are buying everything from smartphones to designer purses. This decade, China is expected to overtake Japan as the world's largest luxury-goods market, according to McKinsey &amp; Co, a consulting company.Flurry tracks activations through its analytics software, which tracks application downloads. China is already the fastest-growing country in the number of times its users launch mobile apps -- a metric that helps predict interest in mobile technology. In the 12 months through March, such app sessions in China grew 12-fold, Flurry said in the report.In that period, sessions more than doubled in the US, Peter Farago, vice president of marketing at San Francisco-based Flurry, said in an interview.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12365241", "title": "New mayor to implement Parrikar's plans for Panaji", "text": "PANAJI: \"I don't want to immediately investigate the scams in the Corporation of the City of Panaji (CCP) and get stuck. My priority is to put in place CCP's administration and management, which have been a mess for several years,\" newly-elected Panaji mayor Vaidehi Naik told TOI on Wednesday.The two-time councillor who was elected mayor shortly after the BJP came to power in the state, aims to build a community centre in Panaji that \"all 30 councillors can be proud of\".\"We have started investigating the ghost workers issue. I have asked for a detailed list of workers and supervisors. My aim is not to punish anyone, but to ensure that the job of keeping Panaji clean is done,\" said Naik.Garbage , traffic management, a clean city and starting pre-monsoon work are her top priorities.\"So far I have not applied my mind to any new traffic plan for the city. Chief minister (and Panaji MLA) Manohar Parrikar has already had discussions with the traffic cell. After the state Budget session we will meet with the CM to discuss the new traffic plan for the city,\" said Naik.Calling the market scam a chakravyuh, she said, \"If I open one scam then another scam will fall out and I will get stuck in all the scams.\"So, before tackling the market scam, Naik intends to improve the market's management and to \"support the CM's plan for the third phase\" of the civic market.\"The CM has promised to start the third phase of the market and we will follow him,\" said Naik.Admitting that parking is a major problem in Panaji, Naik said she will take all stakeholders into confidence before implementing any new parking policy.\"If we implement any new parking policy and people start objecting, then it is useless,\" Naik said as a matter of fact. \"I have received many suggestions to solve parking problems and after consulting the CM on this issue I will take a decision,\" she added.On the casino issue, Naik said she is waiting for the CM to take a decision. She also said that at this point she will not be able to comment on whether the CCP will continue to issue new construction licences for commercial buildings.She added that the outgoing mayor's decision not to issue such licences was only on paper and was never implemented.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12362916", "title": "HC revokes stay order on construction of beer factory at Naubatpur", "text": "PATNA: The Patna high court on Wednesday revoked the stay order on construction of a beer factory at Naubatpur in Patna district. The Bihar Industrial Area Development Authority (BIADA) had allotted 142 acres land to United Breweries of Vijay Malya for the factory.A division bench comprising Justice Prakash Chandra Verma and Justice Vikas Jain passed the order while hearing Letters Patent Appeals (LPAs) by Abhishek Kumar and others, whose land had been acquired by BIADA and allotted to the United Breweries. The appellants pleaded that the land had been acquired for setting up sugar mills and not for a beer factory. The government lawyer argued that the land was not acquired for setting up sugar mills.Rules for AIIMS, Patna: A division bench comprising Justice Prakash Chandra Verma and Justice A K Trivedi on Wednesday ruled in favour of the plea of Central government officials that the norms and rules of All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS), New Delhi, will be followed in the AIIMS, Patna, which is under construction. The court was hearing a public interest litigation (PIL) of Council for Protection of Public Rights and Welfare seeking early completion of construction of AIIMS, Patna.The court directed the chief secretary of Bihar to provide a quarter on rent to the director of AIIMS, Patna. The court made it clear that the said quarter should be similar to the one allotted to the chief secretary. It directed the Central government officials, associated with the construction of AIIMS, Patna, to report to the court regarding compliance with its earlier order for starting an outpatient department at AIIMS, Patna, from April 4.State to reply on teachers' appointment: A single bench of Justice Jaya Nandan Singh on Wednesday admitted a set of 28 writ petitions of Ravindra Kumar Singh and others challenging the appointment of BEd pass candidates among the 34,540 primary school teachers.The court directed the state government to file its reply by September 15. The petitioners challenged the appointment of primary teachers on two counts: the state government had appointed the trained teachers taking 2006 as the cut off year while the Supreme Court had set July 1, 2004, as the cut off date, and the state government appointed BEd candidates as primary teachers for which the qualification was basic teacher training. The petitioners submitted that they possessed the basic teacher training certificates but due to selection of the BEd trained candidates they were denied job.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12362154", "title": "37 anticipatory bail pleas rejected", "text": "PUNE: The 37 anticipatory bail pleas filed by two agents and a builder in the Urban Land Ceiling (ULC) certificate scam were rejected by the district and sessions court here on March 19.The agents, Atul Panse and Sujay Chopade, had filed 18 bail pleas each and builder Sajid Bagwan had filed one.Fearing arrest after the office of the additional collector and competent authority of the Pune Agglomeration had registered 29 cases in the ULC scam last year, the trio had moved court seeking bail.They had obtained interim anticipatory bail which was time and again extended by the sessions courts here. The bail pleas came up for final hearing before additional sessions judge V K Shewale.Lawyers Vidhyadhar Koshe and Vinod Shete, representing Panse and Chopade, told the court that the cases were registered against the land owners and not against their clients.They pleaded for bail on the grounds of parity, because other the suspects involved in the crime had been released on bail.Lawyer Prakash Savarkar, representing Bagwan, said the state criminal investigation department, Pune had filed a plea before a magisterial court seeking permission to conduct a narco analysis test on Panse, Chopade and another agent Sanjay Shinde for their alleged involvement in preparing fake ULC orders.Savakar said the CID had not named Bagwan in its plea and asked that he be released on anticipatory bail as his custodial interrogation was not essential.Opposing the bail pleas, additional public prosecutor Shashikant Jagtap argued that the custodial interrogation of the suspects was required as they had entered into a criminal conspiracy with other suspects in the ULC scam.Jagtap contended that investigations in the scam cases were pending as the materials used to prepare the forged ULC orders had not yet been seized.Rejecting the bail pleas, judge Shewale observed that the custodial interrogation of the suspects was essential to conduct proper investigations and reveal the truth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12362597", "title": "NHRC seeks Rs 50k relief for schoolboy", "text": "NEW DELHI: The NHRC has recommended monetary relief of Rs 50,000 to a Delhi school student who was a victim of corporal punishment by his teacher.The Commission took the decision on the basis of a complaint on April 22, 2010, following a newspaper report that 12-year-old Arjun Chandra was beaten by his mathematics teacher on December 10, 2009.The boy suffered injuries on his left shoulder and elbow for which he was operated upon.\"The Commission on the basis of reports and material found that the allegations were correct and the teacher was booked under Section 323 of the IPC and 23 JJ Act at Ambedkar Nagar police station. A charge sheet was also filed in the court of Metropolitan Magistrate, Saket,\" the press release issued by the Commission stated.However, despite repeated reminders, the secretary, Department of Education, government of NCT of Delhi did not respond to the show-cause notice of the Commission for payment of monetary relief to the boy whose human rights were violated, it said. The Commission has recommended that the government of NCT of Delhi pay Rs 50,000 to Arjun Chandra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12365416", "title": "Two killed in separate road accidents", "text": "MARGAO: Two people died in two separate accidents- one at Arlem and other at Margao - on Tuesday night.Police said that Manora-resident Yeshwant Ramnath Naik, 57, died after the scooter he was riding hit a stationary tempo, near the Pepsi factory at Arlem. While he succumbed to his injuries, the pillion rider, Prakash Gopal Naik, 51, has been admitted to Hospicio hospital, Margao.In the second accident a pedestrian was run over by an unidentified vehicle at Abade Faria road, Margao, late Tuesday night. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12365445", "title": "Mika annoys Rakhi Sawant again", "text": "Rakhi Sawant and Mika are two names that never go hand-in-hand. Quite literally!The singer and the controversy queen made news years back for their kissing escapade. Since then they have fought and patched up almost innumerable times. But when the two came face-to-face last night at an awards function, Mika couldn't stop making advances at Rakhi.Paparazzi present at the event confirm that while Rakhi Sawant was giving bytes to the media at the red carpet, Mika who was passing by stopped and barged into the frame. \"Rakhi was speaking to the media when Mika stopped next to him and tried to act friendly\", says a source present at the event. Perhaps after their patch-up on national television some time back, Mika might have assumed that things are back to hunky-dory between the two.\"But while Rakhi was still speaking on camera, Mika went ahead to hold Rakhi's hands. It was then that Rakhi Sawant passed a peeved look at Mika\", adds the source. Finally DJ Sheizwood, who happens to be good friend of Rakhi Sawant and was also present during the kissing controversy event years back, intruded and warned Mika to stay away from Rakhi. Mika who is known for his notorious ways just walked away this time.Just a week back Mika ended up in a brawl with actor Sunny Gill at an event when apparently Mika was trying to get close to his girlfriend Simran Kaur Mundi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12365150", "title": "2K litres of rectified spirit seized, 2 held", "text": "COIMBATORE: The Prohibition Enforcement Wing of the state police on Wednesday seized 2,000 litres of rectified spirit from a godown in Periyanaickenpalayam on the outskirts of the city. The spirit is worth around Rs 5 lakh, officials said.Acting on a tip-off, police raided a house and its premises in Gandhinagar near Periyanaickenpalayam and found 55 cans, each containing 35 litres of rectified spirit, stored in an illegal godown located in the compound.House owner Ramasamy Gowder and his close confidant Chinnaraj were arrested on the spot while search is on for Vimal Raj of Tholampalayam, who allegedly used the facilities of Gowder to store the spirit.According to police, Vimal Raj is absconding and the search for him is even extended to Kerala. A part of inter-state spirit mafia, Vimal Raj was arrested at least thrice in the recent past when he tried to smuggle spirit to Kerala.Officials have confirmed that Vimal Raj had taken the make-shift godown on lease from Gowder and the later was fully aware that the godown was being used for storing spirit before being transported to Kerala.Gowder was also getting a part of the profit from the business for quite sometime. Chinnaraj was entrusted with the task of safe keeping the cans in the secret godown, roofed with asbestos sheets. Several cans meant for filling spirit were also found at the godown.Preliminary investigations have found that the rectified spirit was brought to P N Palayam from Madhya Pradesh in bulk in trucks laden with vegetables. It is then filled in the cans and smuggled to Kerala through secret routes on the Western fringes. Both Gowder and Chinnaraj were remanded in judicial custody late in the evening.According to officials, ADGP Gandhirajan has issued a directive to intensify the police action against smugglers of illicit liquor and rectified spirit and further raids would be conducted in the coming days. Strict vigil has been enforced in all the roads leading to Kerala, they said.Meanwhile, district collector M Karunagaran on Wednesday invoked Goondas Act on K Antony of Vilankurichi and B Vinod of Ganapathy for smuggling rectified spirit to Kerala.Antony, a native of Ernakulam, and Vinod, who hails from Vadakkan Paravoor in Kerala, were engaged in spirit smuggling for quite a long time. They were arrested on March 3 during a vehicle checking in Palakkad Road while attempting to smuggle out 350 litres of spirit in a car.The spirit was kept in 10 cans inside the car. Both of them are already facing a spirit smuggling case under Mahalingapuram police station in Avinashi. Coimbatore rural SP E S Uma, DSP Asai Thampi and inspector Akbar Khan are leading the searching operations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12363092", "title": "Lawyer seeks HC nod to meet protesters' kin", "text": "MADURAI: A practising advocate, who was associated with the committee constituted for struggle against the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Project (KKNPP), has moved the Madurai bench of Madras high court, seeking to restrain the police from preventing him to meet the family members of those arrested on March 19 and rendering legal assistance to them.S Vanchinathan, the advocate said, \"The people of Idinthakarai and Kudankulam are protesting against KKNPP since September 2011 in a sustained struggle by way of hunger protests, demonstrations and various other protests. The Union government was actively involved in a systematic hate campaign against the struggle and had arm-twisted the state government to arrest the demonstrators and public without allying their genuine apprehensions.\"The lawyer further said, \"On March 19, about 190 persons were arrested from Kudankulam, Kootapuli, Idinthakarai and other neighbouring places. On March 20, the wife of his client Sivasubramanian had contacted him to seek adequate legal assistance to her husband and others who were arrested. When he rushed to Kudankulam along with 15 lawyers, they were not allowed to meet his client or enter the villages even to arrange bail.\"Vanchinathan further alleged that the people of Idinthakarai were treated like citizens of an enemy state and civil rights activists' expressed their concern of a possible 'Nuclear Nandigram'. Seeking to appoint an advocate commissioner to make an on-the-spot assessment and file a report before the court, the petitioner further said water, electricity and other essential supplies were totally cut off to the villagers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12362257", "title": "36 drug-resistant TB cases in last 40 days", "text": "PUNE: A sizeable 36 new cases of multiple-drug resistant tuberculosis (MDR-TB) have been reported in Pune district in the last 40 days.Experts fear that MDR tuberculosis and its deadlier cousin - extensively-drug resistant tuberculosis (XDR) - may soon pose a bigger threat than HIV/AIDS.Fifteen of the 36 MDR patients are from areas in Pune city, 12 are from neighbouring Pimpri-Chinchwad and nine are from the district's rural interiors.After the culture lab for diagnosis of MDR-TB became operational at the Aundh Chest Hospital on February 10, experts have begun demarcating the MDR cases from the regular TB patients.Tuberculosis can become resistant if a patient is not treated long enough, doesn't take the prescribed medication properly, or doesn't receive the right drugs.\"Among the confirmed MDR-TB cases in Pune district, 20 patients have been put on category 4 medicines. The rest are under pre-treatment evaluation and counselling,\" says Kanchan Jagtap, chief medical officer in-charge of the State TB Training and Demonstration Centre (STDC) at Aundh Chest Hospital.Funded by the World Bank through the central TB division of the government of India, STDC is the second such facility in the state after the one in Nagpur.Besides ascertaining MDR cases through a culture sensitivity test, the centre also aims to provide free treatment since the cost often goes up to more than Rs 2 lakh per patient per year.While Pune city reported 1,412 TB cases in 2010, the number rose to 3,650 TB cases in 2011.Pimpri Chinchwad reported 1,445 TB cases last year. The district's rural areas reported 4,202 TB cases in 2010 while the number came down to 3,892 in 2011.\"MDR patients constitute two to three per cent of the newly diagnosed TB cases. Earlier, there were only suspected cases of MDR-TB, but now we have been able to ascertain the exact burden of MDR-TB cases in the city,\" said N D Thakur, tuberculosis officer of the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC).Around 85 per cent TB cases are curable. Of the remaining, deaths constitute less than 5 per cent, defaulters (those who discontinue treatment) less than 4 per cent, relapses more than 3 per cent and failures up to 3 per cent. Patients who do not respond to treatment come in the failure category, officials said.The state started detecting MDR-TB cases in Maharashtra from September 2007. \"Since then, we have reported over 1,100 MDR TB cases in the state so far,\" said Pradip Gaikwad, joint director (TB), state health services.\"Mumbai accounted for the highest number of cases, followed by Nagpur. Since the culture lab has just started functioning in Pune, more cases will be detected. MDR constitutes 2-3 per cent of the newly diagnosed cases and 17 per cent among patients put on re-treatment after a gap in taking anti-TB medicines.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12364616", "title": "Indian Americans third largest Asian community in US", "text": "WASHINGTON: Indian Americans numbering 3.2 million is the third largest Asian American community in US after Chinese Americans (3.8 million) and Filipinos (3. 4 million).As per the details released by US Census Bureau for the year 2010, Asian American communities have emerged as the fastest growing ethnic communities in the last one decade.The total US population grew by 9.7%, from 281.4 million in 2000 to 308.7 million in 2010.However, the Asian population increased more than four times faster than the total US population, growing by 43% from 10.2 million to 14.7 million, it said.As a result, the Asian alone-or-in-combination population represented 57% of the total population in Hawaii.California had the next highest proportion at 15%, followed by New Jersey (nine per cent), Nevada (nine per cent), Washington (nine per cent), and New York (eight per cent).The same six states had the highest proportions of the Asian alone population.The 2010 Census showed that New York, had the largest Asian alone-or-in-combination population, with 1.1 million, followed by Los Angeles (484,000), and San Jose (327,000).Three other places, Francisco and San Diego in California and Urban Honolulu in Hawaii had Asian alone-or-in-combination populations of over 200,000 people.As per the figures, the Bhutanese population experienced the fastest growth from 2000 to 2010, growing from about 200 in 2000 to about 19,000 in 2010.Census Bureau said of all the detailed Asian alone-or-in-any combination groups that had a population of one million or more, the Indian American population grew the fastest, by 68%, followed by the Filipino (44%), Vietnamese (42%), Korean (39%), and Chinese (40%) populations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12365381", "title": "Forest department to do DNA profile of dead tiger", "text": "NAGPUR: Fourteen days after a full grown tiger was found dead inside the Tipeshwar Wildlife Sanctuary, 170km from here in Yavatmal district, the skin of the tiger will be sent for DNA profile.On March 8, assistant conservator of forests (ACF) Uttam Sawant and others had found carcass of a tiger in a putrefied condition inside the sanctuary.The post-mortem report received a couple of days ago could not ascertain the exact cause of death as the carcass was highly decomposed.To find out sex of the tiger, its pelvic girdle was sent to the anatomy department of Nagpur Veterinary College on Wednesday. \"A piece of skin will also be sent for DNA profile to Centre for Cellular and Molecular Biology (CCMB), Hyderabad, on Thursday,\" official sources said.However, experts said DNA profile would not help know the cause of death and hence it would always remain a mystery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "12365192", "title": "Water body an alternative resource for Salem city", "text": "SALEM: While the daily water requirement of the city is 105 MLD, it gets only 70 MLD from the Cauvery River. The Panaimaratupatti Lake can be a good alternative source of water to meet this shortage, provided the pipe lines that connect the water body to the Salem municipality, are in good condition. In fact, during British rule, it was the city's main water source.Besides, pumping facility is not required because of the height of the lake. \"It is situated 200 feet above ground level and water can easily be drawn from Varataru, Kootaru and Jarugumalai Kappukadugal rivers. Many other streams of water also flow into the Cauvery,\" said K Balachandran, vice-chairman of Panaimaratupatti town.With the current water level, the lake can supply water to city for the next five years. Any overflow will fill neighbouring lakes including Mallur, Ammapalayam, Sevanthampatti and Mookuthipalayam lakes, and finally merge into the Thirumani Mutharu River which flows into the Cauvery.Because of the encroachments, the lake got only disrupted water supply from its various sources in recent years. The encroachers had built check dams in the pathway of the water streams that flowed into the Cauvery, thus blocking free flow. Regarding this issue, Balachandran said, \"In 2003, the town panchayat had passed a resolution to have the encroachments around the lake removed. However, no resolution was passed regarding the removal of encroachments on the streams that flow into the Cauvery\". However, he said that such encroachments would be removed when works to revamp the lake start.Regarding the pipelines Balachandran said that many of them were damaged when the four-lane roads were being laid in 2007-2008.Salem mayor S Soundappan confirmed that the inflow of water into the lake had been reduced because of the various encroachments. \"Nearly 70 check dams were built by the forest department, TWAD and some private parties. We had discussed the regularizing of dams in the meeting held recently. We have asked the relevant parties to rectify the problem as soon as possible,\" said the mayor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12367483", "title": "Ram Charan banking on heroine star power", "text": "Ram Charan's Bollywood debut is just few days away from now. He decided to do Zanjeer remake as his debut film in Hindi. Director Apoorva Lakhia believes that Charan could be the new 'angry young man' of Bollywood. This film is going to be made simultaneously in Telugu and with a whopping budget of 70 crore rupees.With so much money at stake, it is going to be a huge gamble for Zanjeer makers as Charan doesn't have any image or star power to shoulder the film at the box office. So the producer and director are trying to get the padding right. A star heroine is compulsory for this film to draw the attention of majority audience.They have tried to rope in Deepika Padukone as the female lead, but the actress is too busy to adjust dates for Zanjeer. The latest we hear is the makers of this movie are in talks with another top actress Priyanka Chopra. She is yet to give a nod to the movie. Zanjeer won't make it to sets until or unless they find a bankable star heroine.Source: gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12365169", "title": "Vivek Oberoi to play a don", "text": "After refusing to play Dawood in Sanjay Gupta's Shootout ... the actor has agreed to play a don in Kumar Taurani's nextHe chose not to take up the role of Dawood and be overshadowed by others in Sanjay Gupta's Shootout At Wadala. Though this surely angered the filmmaker, Vivek Oberoi had bigger plans for his next gangster character. The actor has now agreed to play the lead in Kumar Taurani's next. The film, yet untitled, is a love story.When contacted Taurani confirmed that he has indeed signed Vivek for the role and added, \"My venture will go on floors on March 24. The associate director of Prince, Vinnil Markan will direct this. Neha Sharma is the female lead opposite Vivek.\" However, when probed further, Taurani refused to divulge further details.A source close to the actor informed Mumbai Mirror, \"Vivek did not want to disappoint his producers by taking up a small role in Shootout At Wadala. He is already playing the lead in Kismat Luv Paisa Dilli and the main villain in Krrish 3. He simply chose to put behind all the accusations that Sanjay Gupta made and let his work do the talking.\" Thus, the actor opted Taurani's next gangster film to lend him voice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12369109", "title": "Food licences mandatory for mango juice vendors", "text": "VADODARA: For the first time, Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) will keep a close tab of roadside vendors selling 'aam ras' or mango juice or shake in the city. Acting well in advance, the civic body has asked such vendors to take food licences much like restaurants and other eateries in the city.Rampant complaints are received by the civic body every year regarding vendors selling mango juice or shake on the roadside in the city. While such joints are very popular, the quality of juice or shake has remained under the scanner. In the past they have been booked for selling juice made from stale mangoes or even for adulteration. Some of them have been removed as they encroached on footpaths or roads.In an attempt to ensure that such vendors follow the rules and maintain hygiene at the outlets. Also, as the civic body will have a list of such vendors it will be able to identify and monitor them. Those who are found operating without this will face action and may be asked to wind up.Deputy municipal commissioner R K Sugoor said that the juice vendors will have to submit a photograph of their outlet when they seek the licence. He added that the licences will be temporary just to ensure that they do business during the mango season. tnn\"Once the licence expires, they will have to wind up business,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12367353", "title": "Magadheera 'Paithyam' In Gabbar Singh", "text": "None other than Powerstar Pawan Kalyan expressed his feelings during 'Magadheera' time that Charan has done many things which he thought of doing. With 'Gabbar Singh', he is getting all those desires fulfilled now it seems.Pawan Kalyan earlier stated that he loves to do 'horse rides' and 'sword fights', but haven't got a great opportunity to showcase his skills on-screen. Insiders are saying that Pawan has fulfilled his dream of riding horse through 'Gabbar Singh' for a fight sequence. On the other hand, he has done few sword fights in this movie. If you wonder, how come there is a sword-duel in this modern flick that is what we call 'cinematic liberty'. Sentimental producer Ganesh Babu and director Harish Shankar also insisted for a fight in the 'white-sand' locales of Gujarat. We have seen this location in two major hits of TFI, Magadheera (horse chariot chase) and Dookudu (Chulbuli song).Analysts are saying that this is nothing but 'paithyam' in the name of 'thrill' for audience. If this latest movie of Pawan fares well at BO, everything proves lucky, else the whole effort goes waste!Source: Gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12365340", "title": "Police case against 4 in Davorlim group clash", "text": "MARGAO: The Maina-Curtorim police on Wednesday booked an offence against four persons on charges of attempting to murder in connection with the group clash that occurred at Rumdamol, Davorlim, on Tuesday night.Police sources said that on Tuesday night Milu from Gogol housing board and four others, accosted Vinod Vithal Jamuni at Rumdamol and assaulted him with wooden sticks thereby causing injuries to his head and other parts of the body. Two others were also injured in the attack.Jamuni's two-wheeler was also damaged by the culprits, police sources said.Jamuni was rushed to the Hospicio hospital, Margao for treatment, while the accused fled from the scene.Though the motive of the incident is yet to be verified, police said, the group clash at Rumdamol could be a fallout of some dispute that arose between two groups at Zambaulim where they had gone to celebrate gulal Tuesday afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "kovur", "code": "12362825", "title": "Jagan rise worries rivals as Prasanna retains Kovur", "text": "KOVUR: It is a clear message to the ruling Congress and main opposition Telugu Desam Party (TDP) that Jaganmohan Reddy is here to stay and could emerge as a key player in the 2014 general elections. Those who had dubbed his triumph in last year's Kadapa byelections as a sympathy vote for YSR family would now have to sit up and take notice of the Kovur verdict where his nominee Prasanna Kumar Reddy trounced high-profile TDP and Congress candidates.Prasanna defeated his brother-in-law and TDP veteran Somireddi Chandramohan Reddy by a margin of 23,496 votes. Congress nominee Polamreddi Srinivasula Reddy was relegated to third spot. By snatching a seat from TDP and pushing Congress to third, Jagan has made his intentions clear vis-a-vis the 2014 general elections. But before that, Jagan has a big role to play in the bypolls necessitated by the resignation of 17 loyalists MLAs from the Assembly.The Kovur byelection was the first electoral battle outside his Kadapa stronghold ever since Jagan parted ways with the Congress. The Congress and TDP both took the election as a matter of prestige with a single-point agenda of humiliating Jagan. Unlike Kadapa, Kovur cannot be said to be a Reddy stronghold which is why Jagan's political rivals have much to worry about.\"The Kovur win proves that Congress can ill afford to ignore Jagan,\" said a senior analyst. The seat was originally held by TDP's Prasanna, who quit the Assembly to join Jagan's party.While Chandrababu Naidu vigorously toured the constituency, party bigwigs like Kiran Kumar Reddy, Botsa Satyanarayana, Chiranjeevi and V Hanumantha Rao campaigned for the Congress candidate.Prasanna polled 73,876 votes and Chandramohan Reddy secured 50,380 votes leaving Srinivasula Reddy with 41,307 votes. Interestingly, TDP got 73,212 votes and Congress 65,768 votes in the last general elections. Prasanna had won that contest by a slim margin of 8,000 votes.In what is a clear indication that Jagan's party split the vote and made gains off its rivals, TDP and Congress lost 23,000 and 15,000 votes, respectively, to YSR Congress. Also, Jagan's party carved out a new vote base of about 36,000 votes in Kovur. The YSR Congress secured nearly 42.06% of the total 1,75,603 votes polled. Chandrababu Naidu's party managed just about 28% of the votes while 23.48% ballots were cast in favour of Congress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12366911", "title": "Metro dips under historic Cooum", "text": "CHENNAI: You take a train from Chennai Central to airport, a commute of 20 minutes. Within seconds, you will be darting at 80kmph, about 30 metres under the bed of the historic Cooum.Welcome to metro rail of 2015, when commuters will plunge into the depths of Chennai, literally, untouched by the traffic over their heads. Till then, witness this unprecedented engineering feat - the making of twin tunnels on two corridors.In a few months, giant tunnel boring machines will be quietly burrowing underneath the Cooum. \"Chennai will soon see some engineering that has been done in a few cities abroad,\" said V Somasundaram, chief general manager, construction, Chennai Metro Rail Ltd. He was speaking at a function in SRM University, Kattankulathur.The underground line from Washermanpet to Saidapet will be at its deepest point of 30.8 metres as it passes under the Cooum and the Beach-Egmore railway line opposite Ripon Buildings.The line that comes from the high court area reaches metro's Central station in front of Ripon Buildings, turns left, crosses the railway line and the river and passes underneath the neighbourhoods of Chintadripet to reach the underground station at the new secretariat on Anna Salai.Metro tunnels are made without cutting open the ground. Giant machines will bore the tunnels as the river flows above and suburban trains continue to operate above the surface. Traffic along Anna Salai and Poonamallee High Road will not be diverted during the boring. Two tunnels come one above the other near Central railway station. The Central-Anna Nagar route tunnel will be 23 metres below the surface, while the Washermanpet-airport route tunnel will run 28 metres under the ground.Custom-made tunnel boring machines costing 60 crore each have been imported from Germany for the purpose. These machines have different types of cutting head suitable for sandy, slushy and rocky soil. Metro will use closed-face tunnelling machines because of the city's peculiar soil and water table.\"Rocks are found about 20 metres below Poonamallee High Road and the Cooum near the Central station. Machines suitable to cut across the rocks will be used to bore tunnels under the river,\" said the official.Boring without cutting open the surface is going to be an engineering challenge because on some stretches the tunnels run under crowded neighbourhoods close to the foundations of highrises like LIC, and flyovers.As the machines bore, air pressure and slurry generated will shore up the earth from collapsing. A sensor in front of the machine will continuously monitor soil and water pressure. As the earth above the tunnels is going to be balanced on the strength of air pressure, the tunnel boring machine is also called earth pressure balancing machine.After drilling, the machine will install a ring made of reinforced concrete. But this will not prevent seepage. \"Chennai has a water table at two metres for 60% of the year. So we plan to collect the seepage and pump it out of the tunnels. The alignment of the tunnel will dip a little to make it concave so that water will collect at one point on some stretches,\" said the official.Metro rail plans to import 11 tunnel boring machines for drilling twin tunnels on two corridors. Boring will start at Washermanpet and the machine will proceed towards Manali, High Court, Central and then to Anna Salai. Another set of machines will be lowered at Shenoy Nagar. These will bore underneath Poonamallee High Road towards Tirumangalam.\"The Little Mount-Airport stretch will be completed by 2014, while the rest of the corridor will be completed by 2015,\" said Somasundaram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12362733", "title": "Too little too late: Lean purse ails Bangalore civic bodies", "text": "BANGALORE: The chief minister came to the rescue of cash-strapped BBMP and BDA. But even the Rs 6,895 crore he has set aside for the city is hardly enough to tackle the woes that plague the city of 8.4 million people.Bangaloreans and the government have forgotten the Rs 22,000 crore the government promised for the city. Not a single rupee came to the coffers of the city's civic agencies leaving them in the lurch. The result is there for all to see.Barring the five signal-free corridors (which have been pending for nearly two years), Rs 200 crore for solid waste management projects and Rs 500 crore for Namma Metro, there's nothing specific to improve the life of Bangaloreans. The outlay is, however, more than last year when the Yeddyurappa government allocated Rs 4,470 crore.Your dreams to buy sites in Kempegowda Layout for affordable prices may come true, as the chief minister has directed BDA to develop it this year. BDA had a tough time to acquire land from farmers of villages in South Bangalore for the project and thus the allotment of sites was also delayed in the past two years. BDA will also be take up elevated corridors in some stretches to ease traffic congestion.Just like old wine in a new bottle, the budget has once again announced the construction of eight multi-level car parking facilities at a cost of Rs 200 crore. The much-delayed project will finally come up in places like Freedom Park, near The Forum mall, opposite to Hosmat hospital, SP Cross road (near Town Hall), near Yelahanka RTO and near Vijayanagar metro station.Zip through MetroYour plans to reach Electronic City, Whitefield and Bengaluru International Airport on the Metro will soon become a reality as the state government approved Phase-2 of the Metro rail with a length of 72 km at a cost of Rs 26,405 crore. The project is likely to kick off in 2012-13 and has the mandate to be completed within 2017-18.The Phase-1 of the project which has its Reach-1 operational between Byappanahalli and MG road, and the underground work of other reaches in progress is likely to be completed within December 2013. The budget has allotted Rs 500 crore for BMRCL.The budget has also discussed solution for city's solid waste management, and has allotted Rs 200 for the same. Greater Bangalore generates about 3500 metric tonnes of garbage on a daily basis. BBMP has signed an MoU with Bhabha Atomic Research Center (BARC) to set up biomethanation plants in city's market to process wet waste, The budget has given the green signal for the project.Yet another old project of signal-free corridors, suggested by members of Agenda for Bangalore Infrastructure and Development (ABIDe) has been given impetus to the budget. Rs 426 crore is proposed to be spent for the corridors stretching 51.5 km. It includes stretches like Dr Rajkumar Road (soap factory to Okalipuram), Hosur Lashkar (Vellara junction to Central Silk Board), Old airport (Vellara junction to Central Silk Board), Mehkri Road (Mehkri Circle to Hope Farm) and Outer Ring Road (Mysore Road to Central Silk Board).However, it's not big news for BBMP to hear the announcement of Rs 1000 crore to be allotted to BBMP on Wednesday. The spillover works, pending bills of the palike, are more than Rs 3500 crore and to bail out from these financial constraints, BBMP was expecting more funds from the government. The Rs 1000 crore is nothing at all'' said a BBMP source.In last year's budget, a special grant of Rs 1,500 crore for BBMP was announced after the budget was criticized for not having a special focus on the capital. Former mayor S Nataraj and other leaders have repeatedly met the chief minister and got him to announce a special grant. However, at the end of financial year, BBMP got only Rs 550 crore released in two installments and the remaining Rs 950 crore was yet to be released.Besides, Sadananda Gowda has clearly said in the budget that the Rs 1000 crore allocation to BBMP is only for financing \"major select projects\", whereas the palike needed financial assistance for its management of day-to-day affairs. The budget, has also mentioned the development of city's lakes by allotting Rs 50 crore.Further, the CM directed BBMP and BDA in a joint venture to mobilize Rs 100 crore for lake rejuvenation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "12363015", "title": "Leopard mauls girl to death in Junagadh", "text": "RAJKOT: In yet another incident of leopard attack on humans, an eight-year-old girl was killed by the wild cat in Inaj village of Veraval taluka in Junagadh district on Tuesday night.The deceased has been identified as Asmita Bharad. The girl was staying with her family in a makeshift arrangement in a local mine near the village.According to forest officials, on Tuesday night at around 8.30 pm, Asmita came out of her hut and was walking towards other shelters when a leopard suddenly intercepted her. The animal clutched her from the neck and dragged her in the fields.\"The leopard mauled her so badly that we could find only parts of her skeleton,\" a forest officer said.\"There are many people living in different huts and work in mines in the area. A rescue team has been called in to nab the leopard. We have placed five cages to nab the leopard. We are hopeful to catching it,\" range forest officer, Veraval range, B V Padsala said.This is the third incident of leopard attacking children in the last two months. In all cases, the victims have been young girls.Earlier, one-year-old Sapna Damor of Madhya Pradesh was killed by leopard in sugarcane field in Junagadh district.On February 10, a leopard dragged away 12-year-old girl Nirmla Puwar from Ghantiya village of Sutrapada taluka of Junagadh district and killed her.\"The migrant workers' families are staying in sugarcane fields which turn into leopards' habitat during the end of sugarcane harvesting season. Also, this area is leopard habitat and the number of wild cats is huge,\" Padsala said.At least six people have been killed by leopards since February 2011 in Junagadh district.\"The incidences of human killing by leopards can't be avoided if government takes strict action against owners of the farms where labourers are working and living in open areas. Migrant labourers must be given safe shelters,'' wildlife activist Dinesh Goswami of Prakriti Nature Club, Kodinar, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12363356", "title": "Pawar\u2019s sermon on coalition dharma falls flat in state", "text": "MUMBAI: NCP chief and Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar may have expressed anguish over Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's remark that UPA allies were stalling the decision-making process, but a reality check in the state where the Congress and the NCP have been in power for over a decade shows that the coalition partners rarely took apolicy decision unanimously.From top-level appointments, including those of the advocate general, the chief secretary and the director general of police, to allocation of funds for key projects, decisions were either delayed or not taken at all for obvious political reasons.Former CMs Vilasrao Deshmukh, Sushilkumar Shinde and Ashok Chavan as well as current CM Prithviraj Chavan had, on numerous occasions, observed that Maharashtra was lagging behind due to the coalition government. \"We have a coalition government in the state since 1999. It's been a tightrope walk. Due to serious differences, we were unable to take key policy decisions. As a result, Maharashtra now lags behind neighbouring states,\" a Congress minister said.Despite the differences, the NCP has never threatened to pull out of the government. \"The NCP did use pressure tactics to ensure that its proposals were accepted. There have been times when Pawar had to step in to resolve the dispute, but the NCP has so far never threatened to withdraw from the government. The NCP has no option but to continue in the government as it is also a partner in the UPA government at the Centre,'' he said.In the corridors of power, it is a well known fact that key appointments are delayed owing to chinks in the Congress-NCP combine. If a top bureaucrat is to be believed then Chavan has not been able to appoint a new advocate general in place of Ravi Kadam, who resigned four months ago, due to lack of consensus. Same is the case with the appointment of the chairman of the Maharashtra Public Service Commission; the post has been lying vacant since June 2011. \"More than a dozen key posts have been lying vacant for periods ranging between two months and two years, but we are unable to take a decision owing to lack of unanimity,\" he said.Last year, appointments to the post of the Mumbai police commissioner and the DGP were delayed for a month due to differences between the Congress and the NCP over the choice of the new police commissioner.Another area of dispute between the two parties is the allocation of funds for social sectors, district planning and development council, pending projects and the utilization of the contingency fund. It has been alleged that deputy CM Ajit Pawar, who also holds the finance portfolio, has been using his discretion while allotting funds. \"We brought the discrepancies in the decision-making process to the notice of the CM and he promised to rectify these, but no steps have been taken so far,'' a Congress legislator said.NCP cabinet members and legislators, too, have grievances against their Congress counterparts. \"Congress ministers are interfering too much in the departments held by NCP ministers,'' an NCP minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12363439", "title": "Maharashtra plans hostel for girl students", "text": "MUMBAI: Facing a shortage of hostels for girl students in Mumbai, the state government has proposed to construct a new hostel on the premises of Ismail Yusuf or Kalina campus. The announcement to this effect was made by higher and technical education department minister Rajesh Tope in the state legislative assembly on Wednesday.\"Girls from rural Maharashtra and other parts of the country come to Mumbai to pursue higher studies. There is only one hostel (Savitribai Phule Girls' Hostel) in Mumbai following which the department finds it difficult to make provision of accommodation for these students. To meet the requirement, the department will build one more hostel, exclusively for girl students. The new construction would come up either at Kalina campus or at Ismail Yusuf college in western suburbs of Mumbai,\" Tope said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12362878", "title": "BBA graduate held for selling arms ahead of municipal polls", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Police has unearthed a racket involving smuggling of arms and ammunition into the city. The racketeers had allegedly supplied guns and bullets to several gangs and individuals in UP during the recent elections. They were clinching deals for selling arms ahead of the Delhi municipal elections, police said.The leader of the gang, Deepak Kumar, 24, is a BBA graduate from a Meerut university and was studying for an MBA degree. Sources said Deepak drew inspiration from the political career of Raja Bhaiya, a Bahubali Samajwadi Party leader who was recently appointed as a minister by Akhilesh Yadav . Police have recovered 21 country-made pistols and 25 live cartridges that the accused planned to sell in Delhi. The vehicle used for smuggling the arms has been impounded.Deepak was arrested by a team led by inspector Rajkumar of the Moti Nagar police station. The other four accused are Mohammad Sadiq (22), Mukesh Kumar (25), Ravi Kumar (23) and Vipin (22). They were intercepted in the Tilak Nagar area.\"We were tipped off about illegal liquor and weapons being smuggled into Delhi by a gang. Keeping in mind the MCD elections scheduled for April 15, a search was carried out,\" said additional commissioner of police (west) V Renganathan. Officials said they had procured one country-made pistol for Rs 2,500 to 3,000 and planned to sell it for up to Rs 5,000.Deepak told the cops that he belongs to Muzaffarnagar and is from a middle-class family. He said he was always a bright student . \"His father works in a sugar factory of Muzaffarnagar. Deepak completed a BBA degree in 2011. Deepak had come with his associates to supply illegal weapons and cartridges in the city,\" said a source. Officials said Deepak planned to supply arms to Kishan Pehelwan's gang who had contacted him for a huge consignment, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12362617", "title": "Woman not stripped, says Banwara police", "text": "JAIPUR: A day after a man in Nathpura village of Banswara district lodged a legal complainant accusing some people of forcing his wife to strip in order to save his life, the police have termed it a concocted story. However, three persons were arrested for allegedly outraging the modesty of the woman.Police on Wednesday refuted the allegations made by the complainant that his wife never stripped.\"The woman along with her husband had gone to her maternal parent's village to participate in a function on March 13. We have spoken to the family of the woman who, too, is denying the reports that she was asked to strip to save the life of her husband. All eyewitnesses who were at the function where the couple had visited also denied it,\" Banswara superintendent of police Amandeep Singh Kapoor said.Singh said the couple merely had a confrontation with the three persons who had abused them and used foul language against the woman.\"The investigation which we have conducted revealed that the statements of woman's maternal family suggested that she was never stripped but was verbally harassed and assaulted,\" he said.Police have arrested the three persons in this connection and were identified as Kumji (19), Kamla (21) and Akan (19). \"All accused were known to the man and his wife. They are accused of outraging the modesty of a woman and, thus, we have booked them under Section 354 of the IPC,\" he added.Eight days after the alleged incident, the husband registered an FIR with Kushalgarh police station in Banswara district saying that his wife was made to strip before some men who had to come to his house to kill him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12364841", "title": "Major fire at Kolkata market, shops gutted", "text": "KOLKATA: A large number of shops at the Hatibagan market in north Kolkata, one of the oldest in the metropolis, were reduced to ashes in a devastating blaze that broke out in the early hours of Thursday, official sources said.However, there was no report of any casualty or injury. Some people, reported to be trapped inside the market, were rescued later, with the fire largely under control at present.Altogether 30 fire tenders were pressed into the service to douse the flame, they said.Fire Services Minister Javed Khan, who went to the spot, said the situation was largely under control, adding that the cause of the fire was under investigation.Top police officials, including Commissioner of Kolkata Police R K Pachnanda and DC (North) Vishal Garg were also present at the site.The Rapid Action Force was deployed and traffic on roads leading to the market was controlled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12365926", "title": "Engg college students donate 511 units of blood", "text": "LUDHIANA: In an effort to collect blood for the needy, the NSS unit of Guru Nanak Dev Engineering College (GNDEC), in association with Salaam Zindagi Foundation, an NGO that facilitates blood for thalassemic children, organized a mega-blood donation camp at the college campus on Wednesday. The initiative bettered the record of donation at a single institution by collecting 511 units of blood.GNDEC director Dr M S Saini said such initiatives for the well being of the society are a regular feature at the institute. Medical teams from Dayanand Medical College, Shri Krishna Hospital, Civil Hospital, Guru Teg Bahadur Hospital, Deep Hospital and Red Cross Society supported the NSS volunteers in collecting blood from donors. Rotary Club president Balbir Singh said this is a noble cause which could save someone's life in emergency situations. Bhagwan Singh and Mukesh Sahni, both patrons of Salaam Zindagi, appealed the youth to shun drugs in order to be eligible healthy donors.Foundation president Manjit Saini and general secretary Anurag Kahlon expressed their gratitude to the volunteers for the success of this camp. Programme officers of GNDEC NSS unit professor Arvind Dhingra and professor Pankaj Bhambri lauded the efforts put in by volunteers and the participation of donors.Rahul Verma, 19, a BTech-I student of GNDEC from Industrial Area, who was one among the many enthusiastic donors, said, a??a??It feels great to have donated blood for thalassemic children.'' Another BTech student from the college Lipsa Sehrawat, who was a first-time donor at the camp said, a??a??I am proud to have donated blood which will be used to save someone's life. The organizers gave us juice, raw cheese and bananas and I feel fit and fine after donating blood.''Dean, administration, GNDEC, professor Sandeep Gill congratulated the organizing team. Dr Surya Pandey, international research relations director of WINTEC University was present on the occasion and he appreciated the volunteers and donors going around the camp.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12362900", "title": "Let cars drop people at Sec 17: Traders to high court", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Adding twist to city's much-talked about plan of making Sector 17 no-vehicle zone, the shop owners knocked the doors of high court on Wednesday submitting that the move can lead to collapse of entire market. They proposed for introducing \"stationary parking\" system where the customer can only get dropped in the market and not park the vehicle there.The case took a U-turn on Wednesday, when shop owners' lawyer Anupam Gupta appeared before the special bench, comprising Justice Surya Kant and Justice Ajay Tewari, and submitted that plaza, which is focal point of city, if made vehicle-free, entire market would collapse. \"Chandigarh is no longer a city of retirees and a large number of markets have sprung up, we fear that ban of vehicles in Sector 17 would mean people would start going to other areas of city,\" Gupta added.Submitting that making plaza vehicle-free should be the last resort, Gupta suggested that court should evolve the mechanism where customer can be dropped in core areas of plaza and car be parked elsewhere. Advocating that without invigilation of courts nothing can be implemented, Gupta also suggested that court could conduct a survey for the proposed system and make huge increase in the parking fee in plaza. He also suggested involving traffic cops in implementing the new proposal.Responding positively on Gupta's suggestions, bench made it clear that their aim is \"not to discourage buyers or harm business at plaza, but to encourage pedestrians to make Sector 17 walkers' paradise\". Bench also asked Gupta to give the court a detailed proposal on the matter.Meanwhile, counsel for UT administration sought some more time to work out the modalities on the issue. Expressing surprise over UT's poor response, bench observed that it appears to be lack of conviction on the part to authorities to comply with the court orders and a tactic to delay the plan. Thereafter, bench directed the Chandigarh administration to come up with a concrete proposal on the issue on April 3.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12362308", "title": "Octroi officials can check shops too", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) has finally cleared the proposal authorising octroi department inspectors to check establishments of traders and businessmen.The PMC is probably the first municipal corporation in the country to take such a step. It now awaits the state's nod for the proposal.\"After GB's approval, the mayor has signed the proposal and now execution is possible. The PMC can now increase its octroi revenue and also curb octroi evasion,\" said Subhash Jagtap, leader of the house in the PMC, at the general body (GB) meeting on Wednesday.Earlier, the proposal was mired in controversies because of differences of opinion among corporators. The GB, in August last year, had approved it which enabled octroi department officials to check any shop or business establishment. However, the proposal was pending with the office of the then mayor Mohansingh Rajpal.During discussion on the tax structure for the financial year 2012-13 in the GB on Wednesday, Congress leader Arvind Shinde alleged that the octroi department proposal was deliberately kept pending. Leader of the house Subhash Jagtap replied by saying that the ruling NCP never opposed the proposal and it has been cleared and is ready for execution.Once implemented, the octroi department inspectors can visit any shop or business establishment and scrutinise all documents related to import of goods. Earlier, these rights were restricted to the octroi department chief and municipal commissioner. Now, inspectors too have been given the authority.Some senior leaders, who represent the trading community, had repeatedly opposed the proposal since they feared a misuse of the right to harass traders and businessmen.Former mayor Mohansingh Rajpal had kicked off a controversy by asking the octroi department to \"perform its duty well and look inward instead of troubling the traders.\"Ajit Sethiya, chairman of Poona Merchants Chamber, said, \"Allowing octroi officers to inspect merchants' godowns is not fair to officials located at octroi posts. If these officials are working efficiently, there is no need for another inspection. It would only lead to harassment of traders.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12363371", "title": "Monorail project awaits railways nod for 3 bridges", "text": "MUMBAI: The construction of monorail bridges across railway lines near the BPCL refinery in Mahul, at Wadala and on Currey Road is threatening to delay the project as the Indian Railways is yet to give its go-ahead. The bridge to be built in Mahul is part of monorail's Chembur to Wadala route while the other two are on the track between Jacob Circle and Wadala.\"The Indian Railways has strict standards and we cannot force things,'' said an official, adding that plans and designs for the bridges are ready but work has not started in Wadala and on Currey Road. Some pillars have already been installed for the Mahul bridge, but permissions for crucial parts of the bridge have not yet come.\"We expect to get the go-ahead for the bridges soon,'' said an MMRDA official. He admitted that getting permissions from the railways was a daunting task.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12356502", "title": "Asus Transformer Prime: The two-in-one device", "text": "Asus's Transformer Prime is a tablet that thinks it's a PC that runs a tablet OS that aims to do the things that a laptop lets you do on hardware that's almost notebooklike with a processor that's possibly faster than what you have on your desktop, but one that is still meant for slates.Comprendez?Simply put: If you're looking for a single gadget that lets you swipe when you want and speed-type when you need to, then this device could be it. The operative phrase being 'could be'. So, can Transformer Prime do a double duty as a laptop and a tablet? We find out.Prime as a tablet Make no mistake: The Prime, which runs on Android 4.0-aka Ice Cream Sandwich (ICS)-is primarily a tablet. And its brushed aluminium 'metallic spun' design, with buttons and ports that are smartly integrated into its curved sides, makes it a very good-looking one at that.It sports a 10.1-inch capacitive screen protected by Gorilla glass. Its Super IPS+ display is very bright - and this helps during outdoor use. Its colours, though not as punchy as what is found on Super AMOLED screens, are pleasing to the eyes. And as is typical of IPS panels, the viewing angle on this slate is fantastic.As for its camera, the 8MP rear shooter on the Prime is capable of detailed photos. And this makes Prime the tablet with the best camera in the Indian market at the moment. Videos, which can be shot in 1080P (full HD) resolution, are not as sharp, but are better than what has been seen in other tablets so far.On the software front, the device is a mixed bag. When compared to other Android tablets, most of which run Honeycomb, its performance is superb: Scrolling is smooth, apps open in a jiffy, and there is virtually no stutter or sluggishness in the user interface.ICS retains all the goodies for which Android is famous. The web browser, with support for tabbed browsing and modern web standards, is very good. Multitasking has been improved and, not surprisingly, the support for various Google services like Gmail is top-notch.Given its Tegra 3 processor, the tablet makes for a good video player. In our tests, it handled full HD movies in formats such as MKV, AVI and MP4 with ease.The tablet, however, lacks quality third-party utilities. Android may have lakhs of apps but the ones that can utilize the large screen and better hardware on this slate are few. Also, when compared to the quality of offerings for the iPad, the app experience on Android still has room for improvement.What is noticeably lacking on the Prime, however, is 3G connectivity; a factor that limits its usefulness as an anywhere-computing device.Prime as a laptop As Asus will tell you, the real appeal of Prime is in its keyboard dock. Just like the tablet, the dock is built with brushed aluminum and feels solid.The key with Prime is that unlike what others tablet makers sell, Asus's dock is not just a keyboard. It also has a battery in it, which recharges the tablet when Prime is plugged into it. The dock also has a slot for USB devices, including pendrives, and a SD card reader. If a user wants, a mouse can be connected to the device through USB port.Asus claims Prime can be transformed into a laptop. But we found the reality is more nuanced. Prime The laptop, just like Prime the tablet, is a mixed bag.Asus has spent lots of time on the dock. There are no function keys like F1 and F5 - Android doesn't need them. But in their place Asus has put keys that allow a user to control settings like brightness, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and lockscreen etc. There is even a key that mimics the function of the 'back' button on Android.The keys are better than what cheap laptops and netbooks have. Despite the thin profile of the dock, they have some degree of feedback. This helps in accurate typing. Touchpad, however, is average.It works well and Asus has even enabled two-finger swiping to mimic touchscreen experience, but we would have preferred one with a smoother surface. Also, we felt that there was a hint of lag in cursor movement when we used touchpad. The same cursor responded well when controlled with a mouse.After using it for over a week, we felt Prime, with its dock, is better than a netbook. It has a better build quality, better display and the goodness of touchscreen, which is easier to use while web browsing instead of relying on trackpad.But it is not as good as a laptop. Though that's understandable. Android is primarily a smartphone and tablet OS. It not only lacks the flexibility of a full-blown PC operating software but also the rich apps that are available on computers and laptops.Sum of it all Seen separately, Prime The tablet and Prime The Laptop are fine devices. But not exceptional. iPad is a better tablet. And a cheap laptop will work better as a PC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12365571", "title": "Officials Will Have To Speed Up Work", "text": "ALLAHABAD: In a major relief to Central, state and deemed universities, the University Grants Commission (UGC) has given a grace period of six months to utilise the unspent grants allocated to these institutions under XIth Five Year Plan. This extension would also be applicable for various components of the UGC's XI Plan along with the merged schemes.The letter dated March 16 and signed by UGC under secretary AK Saroya communicates the decision to all the universities which have been given development and other plan grants under XIth Plan. The decision follows the UGC meeting held on March 13, wherein the extension has been given till September 30 has been given for utilization of various components of XIth Plan development and other plan grants including the grant allocated for merged schemes.Further, the UGC has given a grace period of two years, i.e, till March 31, 2014, to these universities, including AU, for completion of buildings where building construction has started on or before March 31, 2012. The letter bears significance for AU as it has been struggling to utilize the funds allocated under the XIth Plan of UGC. Had the letter not come into effect, around Rs 64 crore would have lapsed after March 2012. The UGC had allocated over Rs 104 crore to AU under XI Five Year Plan. The funds were to be utilised within five years, starting from 2007 and ending on March 31, 2012. Of this amount, AU had been sanctioned over Rs 54 crore but it managed to utilize only Rs 40 crore in the past five years.Thus Rs 14 crore is still laying unutilised with AU while the remaining amount of over Rs 50 crore is still with UGC only to be given to AU if the sanctioned funds were utilized and utilisation certificate presented at UGC.Now with the UGC giving the grace period of six months, in case of spending the sanctioned and allocated grant, and an extension of Two years for completing the buildings, Allahabad University has the opportunity to avail Rs 64 crore before September 30. It would, however, be a Herculean task for the university to spend the entire amount in next six months given the slow pace of works.AU finance officer PK Singh while commenting on the UGC decision said, \"Although we were lagging behind in terms of utilizing the funds, the UGC decision comes as a welcome step. We are now hopeful that the entire amount allocated in the XIth Plan would be utilised.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12365766", "title": "Meter reading to be a click away soon", "text": "MUMBAI: If you are pilfering power by tampering the meter then better stop doing it and get used to paying your bills regularly. MSEDCL has decided to create a power 'Big Brother' that will enable the company officials to know the power consumption of a consumer at any given moment. Once the system - automated metering infrastructure (AMI) - is fully in place, meter readers will be a thing of the past. However, in phase I, the system will make meter readers' task easy.MSEDCL sources said that the company had placed orders for 50 lakh meters that use infra-red (IR) and radio frequency (RF) technologies. The IR meters would be used in rural areas and RF in urban localities. Company officials said that MSEDCL is the first power utility in the country to implement this project on large scale.An official said that a low power RF unit, similar to those used in cell phones, will be installed on meters. The meter reader's hand-held unit (HHU) will have a RF unit. The meter reader's unit will be able to record the readings of all the meters located one after another within 30 metres. It will take only five seconds to record one reading.The reading unit will begin with the unit nearest to it. In case a meter is not functional since last 24 hours it will immediately alert the server. Most importantly, if a consumer's meter has not been functional for some time of the day, the meter will detect it. Those consumers, who switch off meters at night using switches, will get exposed.The official said that meter readers would move around the city recording the profile of all the meters. This process will not be very fast. Once the database is ready, recording meter reading of a high-rise building will be a matter of two or three minutes.If MSEDCL suspects theft by a consumer, the meter can download his load profile but this will take five minutes.Once this process is completed in major urban areas, MSEDCL will go in for phase II of the project. Data concentration units will be installed on distribution transformers. Using RF technology these units will record all the data of the meters served by transformers. The transformer will then transmit data to the central server using GPRS technology.This will enable an MSEDCL official to see power consumption of a consumer at any time of the day and this would make power theft by meter tampering impossible.In rural, IR technology would be used. There would be an IR chip in the meter and another in the hand-held unit (HHU). The HHU must be within 1.5m of the meter for taking the reading and there should be no obstruction. As soon as the meter and the hand unit get connected, the meter chip will send the reading to the hand unit, which will store it.One HHU can store 2,000 readings. After the meter reader returns he will connect the HHU to a computer with an USB chord and transfer the data. The purpose of this project is to reduce human intervention and reduce data entry errors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "cuttack, odisha", "code": "12367344", "title": "Matric exams deferred after question paper theft in Odisha", "text": "CUTTACK, ODISHA: The Board of Secondary Education (BSE) in Odisha has deferred the ongoing matriculation examination after alleged theft of question papers from a school in Puri district, official sources said today. The Examination Committee which met last evening took the decision after it was found that question papers of English, Third language, Mathematics, and two papers each of Science and Social Science were found missing from Bhagabati Vidyapeeth of Bajapur in Kakatpur of Puri district.The examination centre superintndent and three others have been placed under suspension following the incident, the sources said. Sources said the locker of the almirah kept in the school office was broken and seals of the question packets were broken. Questions papers from the seven subjects were missing from the packets while the door of the school office was dismantled.\"Although, we have not yet received any complaint of question leak, yet we cannot take risk of conducting the examinations as per schedule since some questions are missing from the packets,\" Board president Satyakam Mishra said. While the MIL paper of the examination was over on March 19, the students appeared the English paper yesterday and the next paper was on Friday.\"In view of the fact that some English questions were also missing from the Kakatpur school, we have also cancelled the paper that was over yesterday,\" Mishra said.\"We will take a decision of rescheduling dates of the examinations in a day or two,\" Mishra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12365609", "title": "Spotlight on health diet, saving water", "text": "ALLAHABAD: \"Like an apple, a tomato a day keeps doctor away. Tomato is full of antioxidants and must be consumed daily to enhance immunity,\" said Dr Niraj Kumar, executive secretary, National Academy of Sciences Of India. He was addressing students in various programmes organized under Science Communication programme of DBT, Government Of India.Scientists like KP Singh (Reader, University of Allahabad), Dr Anees F Rizvi, Archana Pant (Scientists) from the Institute of Applied Sciences and Dr Chitaranjan Kumar (Research Scientist) from the National Academy of Sciences, India attended the programmes.Dr Niraj elaborated on ecological development and concept building, Dr KP Singh expressed his views on Scenario on Fisheries, Dr Anees F Rizvi on population dynamics and fish product development and Archana Pant on Fodder Product Development while Dr Chitaranjan Kumar explained on Biodiversity.A large number of students, teachers and scientists of various organizations participated in these programmes. Water is essential for all dimensions of life. Over the past few decades, use of water has increased, and in many places water availability is falling to crisis levels. More than eighty countries, with forty percent of the world's population, are already facing water shortages, while by 2020 the world's population will double.The quality of water in rivers and underground has deteriorated, due to pollution by waste and contaminants from- cities, industry and agriculture. Ecosystems are being destroyed, sometimes permanently. To spread this message among the masses a meeting of executive body as well as the office bearers of the Institute of Applied Sciences (IASc) was held on Wednesday to observe World Water Week in which the decision was taken to sensitize the people, especially the rural populace about its utility other use for prevention of water borne diseases as well as to make them aware of conversation of water, the World Water Day will be held on March 28. The meeting was presided over by Dr B P Agrawal (President).Among others present on the occasion included Dr.Niraj Kumar (Founder Fellow and Scientist, IASc)) Dr K P Singh ( vice-president), Prof D K Chauhan( Treasurer), Prof UC Srivastava, Dr Mohd Masood, Prof Krishna Mishra, Dr SAM Meesum, Dr Manvendra Tripathi, Dr VC Srivastava ( Scientific advisor) and Dr Anees F Rizvi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "12362398", "title": "Woman kills husband for two bigha land", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: A woman allegedly murdered her husband along with her lover for getting ownership of two bighas land located along the Yamuna Expressway. The deceased, Charan Singh, a native of Mathura, had been working along with his brother-in-law in Rajasthan. His decision to sell the land prompted his wife to murder him and claim ownership of the plot.Police said that the woman, Devendari, had been living on the plot in Jewar. She was having an affair with a neighbour Devender. When Charan came back, she called her lover and his friend Ram Kishan who got him drunk, stabbed him to death and buried him. They decided to frame his brother-in-law for the murder and lodged a case in Mathura.Meanwhile, when Charan's brother-in-law could not locate him, he filed a missing complaint. Cops from Rajasthan soon came to Jewar and interrogated Devendari. She finally broke down and confessed to the murder. The body has been recovered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12362336", "title": "Scrap IT sector sops: Corporators", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) corporators on Wednesday demanded that concessions to the IT sector be withdrawn and that IT firms be charged commercial property tax rates.During the debate over tax structure for the current financial year at the general body meeting (GB), corporators across party lines came down heavily on the civic administration for not tapping new revenue sources. They also wanted the concessions given to the IT sector withdrawn, saying the sector had failed to contribute to the infrastructure development of the city.Replying to the debate, municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak said, \"Concessions to the IT sector are given as per the state government's rules. The city has grown as an IT hub, and more and more people will be attracted to the city. If the PMC wants to withdraw the concessions, the GB should to take a decision on this.\"The IT and ITES policy of Maharashtra came into existence on June 4, 2004,, and since then the municipal corporation has been giving the sector various concessions like an increased floor space index (FSI) and concession in property tax. \"The PMC is not exactly levying residential rates for the IT sector, but the rates are somewhere between commercial and residential rates,\" said Pathak.Congress leader Arvind Shinde led the demand and many other corporators supported it. Shinde said that because of the concessions to the IT sector, the pressure on the city's basic infrastructure had increased. \"Compared to the pressure on the infrastructure, the contribution by the IT sector to city's development is not much. They should be charged commercial property tax rates like any other commercial establishment,\" said Shinde.The corporators said that the PMC should not burden the common citizen with increased taxes, but curb octroi evasion instead and withdraw concessions to IT.Leader of the house and NCP corporator Subhash Jagtap did not agree. \"The IT sector has grown in city because of concessions. The PMC's role in the growth of IT is vital. We should give more concessions to the IT sector, not withdraw the concessions,\" he said.Mrityunjay Singh, president of the Hinjewadi Industries Association said, \"Concessions given to information and technology companies is part of the state policy, not of any local government. If the state wants to change it, it can. IT companies are generating huge employment, contributing to revenue and driving the economy, hence IT companies should not be disregarded.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12366743", "title": "I am not aware of CAG report: Sushilkumar Shinde", "text": "NEW DELHI: Power Minister Sushilkumar Shinde today said he was not aware of the Comptroller and Auditor General's (CAG) report that has reportedly pegged a Rs 10.7 lakh crore loss to the exchequer due to coal allocations between 2004 and 2009.\"I am not aware about the report,\" Sushilkumar Shinde told reporters here in response to a query on the draft CAG report.According to a media report, CAG has said that allocation of 155 coal acreages between 2004 and 2009 to about 100 firms resulted in a notional loss of Rs 10.7 lakh crore to the exchequer.The report comes against the backdrop of many sectors, primarily power, grappling with acute coal shortage.Commenting on the issue, NTPC -- one of the entities that was allotted coal mines during 2004-09 period -- said it has not reaped any windfall profits.\"There is no way by which NTPC can make windfall profit out of the coal produced from these mines as under the CERC regulated regime the cost of coal from these mines will be pass-through in the power tariff...\"Therefore, it will only help to reduce the ultimate cost of power at the end-user,\" NTPC chairman and managing director Arup Roy Choudhury said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12362502", "title": "Haze to clear by Friday", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The thick blanket of dust hanging over Ahmedabad on Tuesday wore a thinner look by Wednesday. Weather officials said that the haze will clear off in a day or two.Director of India Meteorology Department (IMD), Gujarat , Kamaljit Ray said, \"The dust particles suspended in the atmosphere became less on Wednesday and are likely to give way to clear, sunny sky by Friday.\"Ahmedabad was completely covered with dust, looking more like Gardabad on Tuesday as a thick curtain of dust suspended from the sky. These were dust particles which had blown in from Rajasthan due to north westerly winds and had settled in the atmosphere.Visibility, which had lowered to less than 1,000 metres too improved beyond the 1,000-metre mark. People following reports of the dust storm in Ahmedabad expressed relief that the city and state had got away with dust hanging from the skies.\"There are reports of 40 people dying in the dust storm in UP. Rajasthan, too, is severely affected. We are lucky to have escaped with just dust particles suspending from the atmosphere\", Rajvi Patel, a housewife in Satellite , said.On Wednesday, people found thick layers of dust lining their furniture and window sills and women faced a tough time cleaning the homes. People suffering from asthma had a tough time battling the heavy concentration of dust.\"We saw a marked increase in the number of patients having dust allergy who got attacks of coughing, sneezing and breathing troubles,\" said Dr Tushar Patel, leading chest specialist.Patel said that this heavy blanket of dust will take time to clear off and patients have been advised to wear masks even indoors and not to venture outdoors without helmets on the roads.\"Protective measures are needed to prevent emergency cases,\" Patel said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12363127", "title": "MP bankers' meet focuses on priority sectors", "text": "BHOPAL: Financial inclusion is yet to percolate completely in the state. The State Government was requested to look into the possibility of institutionalizing some kind of cadre from among the youth in the State for BC work on behalf of the banks, according to the state-level state-level bankers' committee.The 146th meeting of State Level Bankers' Committee (SLBC) held here on Wednesday observed that one of the major impediments faced by banks in this respect is of selecting right kind of Business Correspondents (BCs).The meeting co-chaired by the state Chief Secretary Avani Vaish and M V Tanksale, Chairman and Managing Director of the Central Bank, reviewed the performance of the bank during the quarter that ended in December 2011.Addressing the participants Vaish informed that special attention is being given to priority sector and allied sector by the state government. A separate budget for agriculture and allied sector has been conceived and introduced in the state in this year's budget. A total outlay, incorporating the various demands related to the agriculture sector together, has been projected, so that the progress on agriculture becomes clear. He solicited the co-operation of banks for this.It was also said that thrust has been given to agriculture and allied sector in the Budget 2012. Govt of India's desire to identify potential in the Agriculture in each area and focus on it for development was underlined.For effective implementation of Green Initiative of Government of India, Central Bank of India has decided to provide e-Treasury services in Madhya Pradesh. In this context, the State Government was requested to ensure that all EBT payments to beneficiaries who have been issued Smart Cards should be made through smart cards only. The meeting was attended, amongst others, by R Parasuram, Additional Chief Secretary, Ajay Nath, Principal Secretary-Finance, Aruna Sharma, Principal Secretary - Panchayat &amp; Rural Development, Ashok Shah, Commissioner-Institutional Finance and S Choudhary, GM and Officer-in-Charge, RBI, Bhopal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12363008", "title": "Patil against \u2018lengthy and costly\u2019 judicial inquiries", "text": "MUMBAI: State home minister R R Patil on Wednesday questioned the need for judicial inquiries into cases of firing, rioting or custodial deaths, as they were \"time-consuming and expensive\".Citing the example of last year's police firing at Maval, in which three farmers were killed, Patil said precious time was wasted in conducting judicial inquiries. \"The same thing happened with cases in Jalna and Nagpur; the inquiries took a long time and they also proved expensive. It would be prudent to order a judicial probe only in exceptional and special cases. Instead, we would depend on the state's existing mechanisms,\" he said in the legislative council in reply to a supplementary demand.Officials said there were enough mechanisms/acts with a judicial character within the state administration.'Mumbai safest in world for women'In reply to a supplementary demand on the issue of women's safety, home minister R R Patil said the state was committed to ensuring their security. Mumbai, he added, was probably the \"safest city in the world\" for women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12362751", "title": "Chief minister largesse enriches mutts", "text": "BANGALORE: Giving his predecessor-turned-rival BS Yeddyurappa a taste of his own medicine, chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda tried to appease various castes and communities by allocating Rs 1,000 crore for their welfare.Yeddyurappa had earned the goodwill of religious mutts and backward caste groups by allocating huge sums of money in the past six consecutive budgets he presented. Gowda has now outdone him in wooing them.The increase in total outlay for welfare of backward classes to Rs 1,000 crore from Rs 760 crore in 2011-12 has surprised everybody. Perhaps, this is the reason why Yeddyurappa wanted Gowda to be out of the CM's post before the budget. A grant of Rs 75 crore will be provided for special development and for educational infrastructural facilities of the various backward community gurupeethas/ mutts. The former CM extended largesse to upper caste Lingayat and Vokkaliga mutts in the past few years. Inclusive of allocation to SC/STs and others Rs 3,993 crore has been reserved for social welfare.An outlay of Rs 2,680 crore is being provided for Special Development Programme (implementation of Dr Nanjundappa Committee report) during 2012-13 for development of backward areas in the state. Social security pensions in the age group of 65 to 80 years has been increased to Rs 500 per month. Total outlay of Rs 2,310 crore has been made for this purpose. Yeddyurappa had earmarked Rs 400 per month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "model town", "code": "12366128", "title": "Frequent temperature change ups viral infection", "text": "MODEL TOWN: People are fighting infection, fever and cough and cold due to sudden temperature changes. The strong winds blowing have resulted in spurt in the incidence of upper respiratory tract infections among adults and children here. Says Sapna Dang, a homemaker of Model Town who got viral fever a few days ago, Weather is showing a sudden change. After few sunny days, cold winds start blowing, bringing down the temperature. This results in viral fever that takes at least a week to go. Aarti Aggarwal of Aggarwal enclave near Dandi Swami Road, whose Shaurya, 10, and daughter Avni have caught up viral fever, says, a??Shaurya who studies in class IV got viral fever during his exam days. His studies were put at stake. Now he is recovering fast. Even my daughter caught fever and had severe cough.a??a??The weather is so mind-boggling. Few days ago, we had to switch on the fans and now all of a sudden, cold winds have started blowing,Aarti Aggarwal added. Dr Vikas Lumba, physician at a hospital says, a??The number of patients with upper respiratory tract infection, whose symptom is viral fever, has increased these days due to weather changes. The numbers we are receiving now are about 20 per day, which was 1-2 during normal days. There is a way out for people to escape the viral infection, which is to increase immunity and prevent oneself from the contact of patients with upper respiratory tract infection.a?? Dr Amit Bery, a physician in the same hospital, says, a??The virus responsible for the infection affects respiratory system and causes cough, cold, sore throat and viral fever.a?? Dr Amit Modgil, another physician says, a??There has been roughly about 50% increase in the cases of viral fever around this time of the year at our hospital.a??Doa??s and Dona??ts Avoid moving within extreme temperature at a given time Avoid contact with patients", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12365198", "title": "This award is different: Soumitra Chatterjee", "text": "KOLKATA: Soumitra Chatterjee was on his way back from the Purple Movie Town studio where he was shooting for Gautam Ghose's \"Shesh Anka\" when somebody called to tell him that he has been awarded the Dadasaheb Phalke. The veteran, who had called it a day prematurely for he was not feeling well, quickly drove back to his Golf Green residence. Even though congratulatory messages and calls poured in, Soumitra refused to meet anyone. He interacted with the press briefly before leaving for a prior invitation and spent a quiet evening with his family.\"I have received several state awards. I have accepted them because I didn't want to dishearten people who love me. But honestly, I have never had much faith in them. But Dadasaheb Phalke is different. This award is a prestigious one. It is highest form of recognition in Indian cinema. This makes me realize that I have walked the right path in my 54-year career,\" said Soumitra .He also paid a rich tribute to his mentor Satyajit Ray. \"I owe my acting existence to Satyajit Ray. Whatever I am today is all because of him. I have learnt from him and couldn't help but think of him when I got the news,\" he said. Chatterjee added that many of his contemporaries and seniors deserved the award but had missed out. \"Many like Bhanu Bandopadhyay, Tulsi Chakraborty, Chhabi Biswas and Tapan Sinha should have been given the award. They were greats who missed out. So, I dedicate my award to them as well,\" said the actor.\"It is rather difficult to discover me through my movies. The easier approach is to read my poems,\" added the actor-poet", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12363465", "title": "Maharashtra worried over rise in leprosy cases", "text": "MUMBAI: An increase in the incidence of leprosy cases in the state has the government worried.Public health minister Suresh Shetty said on Wednesday that surveys carried out in 173 talukas of 19 districts in 2011-12 revealed that the incidence rate of leprosy was above the guidelines set by World Health Organization (WHO) for areas where leprosy was declared as being under control.Of the 2.44 crore persons surveyed, 2,440 tested positive for the disease. While WHO has set a limit of one positive case among 10,000 as the upper limit for areas where leprosy is under control, the survey findings revealed that the incidence rate had touched 1.17%.Raising a calling attention motion on the issue in the legislative assembly, Opposition leader Eknath Khadse said the rapid rise in leprosy incidence was a matter of grave concern. Shetty replied that his department had already initiated various measures, including sensitization of doctors and awareness campaigns.He also said that the state had already increased allowances and grants to NGOs and hospitals involved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12365467", "title": "Goan papers would reach Bangalore for him", "text": "PANAJI: Matanhy Saldanha would receive Goan newspapers once a week even when studying in Bangalore and Belgaum so he could keep himself updated with issues plaguing Goa, his college mate Roque Furtado told TOI on Wednesday, unraveling little known facets of Saldanha's personality.\"He was the simplest man one could meet. He was a reserved person. But once he got to know you, he would take anything-good or bad-from you. He was also very straightforward,\" Furtado, a retired teacher, told TOI.Saldanha was fired with political zeal from a very young age. \"Even when studying in Bangalore or Belgaum, he would get Goan newspapers in the room. He was extremely well-read and he would lament the various issues plaguing Goa. He would speak about there being no justice for the people. Once he entered activism, he did not bother about religion and social status,\" Furtado said.Sergio Carvalho, a retired teacher who has been closely associated with Saldanha since the mid-1960's, said, \"Many of us who worked very closely with Matanhy know of his unchallengeable sincerity for Goa,\" Carvalho said.Another of Saldanha's associates from the 1980's, Chandrakant Shirodkar, said, \"He would go to teach to school in the mornings and come back straight to join our various movements. He would not even have time for food. After working past midnight for various causes, he would still make it on time for his job the next morning.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12362929", "title": "Patna DM to probe Gandhi school issue", "text": "PATNA: DM would probe into the matter related to the encroachment on Gandhi High School premises, Khagaul, minister for law, planning and development N N Yadav said on Wednesday. The 5.04 acres land for school was donated to Mahatma Gandhi .Replying to a question in the legislative council, Yadav said Patna DM would thoroughly probe into the matter. He has been asked to submit the findings within two months, the minister said.\"Only after the submission of report, the government would be in a position to take action against the land grabbers,\" he said.Making a supplementary, RJD member Nawal Kishore Yadav said that land mafias had grabbed the land which was donated to Mahatma Gandhi. He said while the government was trying its level best to set up a central university in Motihari, the workplace of Gandhi, mafias were grabbing Mahatma's land in the state capital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "12368770", "title": "Satra bans tobacco use", "text": "JORHAT: The Dakhinpaat Satra in Majuli, which has imposed the Cigarette and Other Tobacco Product Act (COTPA), 2003, on its premises, was declared a tobacco-free institution on Wednesday.\"We declared the satra as a tobacco-free institution on Wednesday. We have enforced COTPA to save our future generations from the ill effects of tobacco,\" said Nani Gopal Dev Goswami, the head priest of the satra. He added that a meeting was organized on Tuesday where an oath was taken not to consume tobacco on the satra premises by the disciples. \"The district tobacco control cell of Jorhat inspired us to take this step,\" he said. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12362622", "title": "Basic facilities yet to reach tribals in state", "text": "JAIPUR: The tribal population in the state is a disgruntled lot. And if they are to be believed, they have every reason for it.A public hearing organised here on Wednesday brought to fore the poor implementation of most of the Central laws drafted for the upliftment of tribal.Cases were cited in abundance during the hearing, ranging from poor implementation of the Forest Rights' Act and the Panchayats (Extention to Scheduled Areas) Act, to absolute apathy of the state towards non-inclusion of several tribal-dominated areas under the Schedule V, and sale of tribal land for housing projects and poor rehabilitation of displaced tribals.The tribals however, are not willing to suffer silently anymore, and are planning to assert their demands under the banner of Adivasi Adhikar Manch.\"Adivasis in Rajasthan include communities like Sahariya, Garasia, Koli, Bhil, Berat, Meena, Mev and Rawat representing a total of 12.5% of the state's population. These communities have over the years invariably got left out from basic facilities like education, health, livelihood, employment, electricity and denied forest land rights,\" says Dharamchand Kher of the Manch.\"The tribals have suffered the impact of modern development and its processes - which has brought with it displacement and migration. Under the panchayati raj system, tribals have been given self-governance rights but their efficient execution remains a grey area,\" he adds.\"In the districts of Chittorgarh, Tonk, Bundi and Bhilwara, the implementation of the Forest Rights Act has not yet begun. The issue of displacement of tribals due to the Kadana dam in Banswara, the Rana Pratap Sagar dam in Chittorgarh or due to the nuclear power project has not been adressed. Most of the adivasis in these regions are still awaiting proper rehabilitation,\" says Kher.\"Apart from the 23 blocks included, there are at least 15 more blocks in seven districts which have over 50 % tribal population and are still to get a place under Schedule V. The government has been silent on this, and as a result, tribals in these regions are missing out on a whole lot of benefits,\" says RD Vyas, a member of the Manch.The declaration of Kumbhalgarh sanctuary as a national park by the state government in November last year is the latest trouble to worry the tribals.\"The government suddenly declared the sanctuary as a national park. The gram sabha was not consulted, nor were the people. Now, the government has asked us to give up our land, take compensation and leave. Many of us do not have a proper land title, though we have been staying here for decades. We will be forced to leave, and that too empty handed,\" rues Gujjar.The issues that came up during the public hearing will now be placed before government officials for redressal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12368776", "title": "Indulge in Mewari cuisine delights at Saffron", "text": "With a focus on flavours and ingredients, the Mewar Food Festival in Mumbai is set to bring the culinary heritage of Rajasthan and please all food lovers .The special menu comprising authentic dishes once served to the royals of the Kingdom of Udaipur in Rajasthan will guarantee an exquisite culinary experience. Every delicacy is prepared in keeping with traditional recipes almost dating back to 1400 years ago.The Mewar region brings a lot of diversity in its cuisine distinct from other parts of the state. Primarily a lake region, people consume a lot of fresh water fish and also more corn (makkai) is consumed rather than millet (bajra). Chef Bhikh Singh from Jaipur Marriott promises to craft a menu that will focus on these unique aspects of the region's food culture. Ingredients brought from Mewar will lend the true taste of the cuisine relished by the royal clans in Rajasthan. The prominent dishes to be served at the festival are:Fish Jaisamandi - Pomfret fillet cooked in tomato and yoghurt gravyLaal Maas - Traditional Rajasthani lamb curry cooked with Matania chilies and yoghurtMurg-ka-Sweta - Succulent chicken and pounded corn kernels cooked in ghee with vegetables and spices.From the vegetarian corner :Vegetarians can opt from an array of preparations including Mangodi Leela Kaanda, lentil dumplings and spring onion cooked together in yoghurt gravy, Dal Panchmel- a blend of five lentils tempered with roasted cumin, Asafoetida and desi ghee and the most popular of them all, Plain Baatti with Dal- wheat flour dumplings baked in oven with desi ghee.Where : Saffron, JW Marriott, MumbaiWhen : On till March 31, 2012Timings : 7pm - 11:45 pm", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12362824", "title": "Trading love from across the border", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Forging new ties and strengthening old ones with Pakistan, in the backdrop of CII's third edition of Made in Pakistan, a fair to be held here from March 22, would be the main aim this time around too. Business would be incidental at the fair that will conclude on March 26.Already there is a little bit of Pakistan in several homes in Chandigarh and Punjab and Haryana, from where people had visited the earlier two fairs. And not many have forgotten the taste of lip smacking dishes from across the border that was available at the food courts during the earlier fairs.\"I had bought decoration pieces made out of onyx, which is otherwise hard to find in the city. Pakistani suits with their typical embroidery are also something to look forward to at the fair. My husband relishes mutton dishes each year for their trademark spices,\" said Amarjot Kaur, a resident of Sector 27 and regular at the fair.Apart from promoting people-to-people contact, the fair, to be held at Himachal Bhawan in Sector 28, will showcase best of Pakistan's culture with display of products like garments, footwear, handicraft, onyx, furniture and gemstones. Food courts serving Pakistan cuisines would, as usual, be a big draw.A total of 65 companies will set up 70 stalls and four food courts. The event is a complete representation of the Pakistan culture.CII director Nitin Peshawarya said, \"We started this fair in 2006 and the growth has increased three times since then. This event will serve as an ideal platform to strengthen trade and business ties between the two nations.\"Khurshid Barlas, member of Chamber of Commerce and Industries said, \"What CII started in 2006 was not only for trade purpose, but the main aim was to send a message of love . We have lot of potential, just need to explore ourselves and that will be possible only with the help of each other.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "12368661", "title": "Pandemonium in Tripura assembly", "text": "AGARTALA: There was a huge uproar in the Tripura assembly on Wednesday over the proposed felicitation of chief minister Manik Sarkar in Dhaka on March 27, along with 129 foreign luminaries, for his contribution in the 1971 Liberation War.Opposition legislators raised slogans seeking a clarification from Sarkar on his contribution in the Liberation War. Bowing to pressure, the speaker finally asked the CM to give a clarification. \"I have been permitted by the ministry of external affairs to join the celebrations to commemorate 40 years of Bangladesh's independence and I will accept the Muktiyudha Samman in Dhaka next week,\" Sarkar said in the house. Sarkar said the decision to felicitate him was taken by the neighbouring country's national committee headed by Bangladesh foreign minister Dipu Moni. The statement of the chief minister has triggered resentment in the house and opposition members advised Sarkar to tell Bangladesh that he did not have any significant role in the war and that he would accept the honour if it is given to the state of Tripura, and not him, as an 'individual'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12366652", "title": "Pursuing career before education?", "text": "At the end of every academic year, most fresh graduates head westards for their first semester abroad. Arshie Chevalwala lists the pros and cons of working before pursuing an education abroad and vice-versaRiddhima Kukreja, a 23-yearold finance executive, recently quit her job at a reputed business firm to pursue her Master's in Mass Communication in California. She divulges, \"Many of my classmates went ahead and enrolled for master's courses right after graduation. I am glad to have waited as working for the past two years has given me a better perspective. Even though the choice of my higher education is not concurrent to that of my existing career, I know that this is what I want to do. I am glad I pursued finance as an undergraduate because that will only give me an edge in the future.\"BenefitsOne of the major benefits of taking time off before pursuing your master's course is the surety and confidence that you will have in the decision you arrive at eventually. However, there are those who quit their jobs to pursue further education in the same line of work. Also, it is believed that those with some work experience are best suited to benefit from studying abroad. \"Working helps one understand the practical world and gain insight, thus making higher education more effective. Work experience also brings with it some amount of maturity and discipline, which is necessary at the academic level. In my personal opinion, it is always a viable option to pursue education abroad after gaining some experience. Individuals with work experience can also fund their studies easing the financial complications that often accompany studying abroad,\" says 22-year-old Yaashna Baid, who is pursuing her second year global management course from Regent's business School, London .TimingHowever, the major dilemma that comes with working and higher studies is the timing of the decision. It is crucial to choose the most suitable time to quit one's job in order to pursue education abroad. You need to be sure that you have gained enough work experience, arrived at the most suitable decision and it is not \"too soon\". So, when is the best time to leave your job? The answer largely depends on how serious you are about heading abroad, along with the notice period you must serve. \"I quit my job eight months prior, so that I could concentrate on my GMAT and applications. I did this because I was absolutely sure of my decision. However, most quit only after receiving acceptance letters from universities, to avoid the situation where they are without a college or a job,\" adds Baid.Amita Kala, an employee at Sharon Bio Medicine Ltd quit her job and relocated to Manchester to pursue an MS in International Business and Management at Manchester University. \"Moving to another continent to pursue higher education was what I chose to do. As I see it, quitting my job was just something I had to do in order to complete my education. I think gaining that work experience has helped me learn better and subsist my postgraduation to the very fullest,\" she says.Leaving your job to study abroad can go a long way in furthering your career. However, be sure to adequately research about the shift and its consequences. Also, mentally prepare yourself for the transition. Once you have made your choice, give it your very best.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12363284", "title": "HC pitches for distributed sound system", "text": "MUMBAI: Music blaring from loudspeakers may soon be a thing of the past in the city, especially in silence zones. The Bombay high court on Wednesday directed the police to grant permissions for functions on the condition that they would use distributed sound system and not regular loudspeakers.A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Ranjit More was hearing a petition filed by Indian Education Society, which runs King George School in Dadar.\"This is a welcome order that will hopefully make people change their mindset about loud, noisy functions which are common in India,\" said Sumaira Abdulali of Awaaz Foundation, one of the parties in the petition, which has been espousing the case of implementing noise and silence zone rules.At present, functions use high wattage of loudspeakers which are placed mostly near the stage or at one or two places. According to Sumaira, in order to reach the entire audience, speakers are generally kept at a high volume. This not only disturbs those in the audience who are seated close to the speakers, but the high sound travels beyond the boundaries of the venue.Distributed sound system uses low wattage loudspeakers or radio transmitters which are placed at regular intervals throughout the venue. \"The sound is controlled at a low volume which is pleasingly audible to the audience, and will not travel beyond the premises, ensuring that neighbours and others in the locality are not disturbed,\" said Sumaira.In its affidavit, Awaaz suggested that police authorities should issue licences to sound engineers and experts who are trained to set up a distributed sound system. Loudspeaker permissions should be given only to such licensed operators and their licences should be cancelled if they violate noise rules, added the affidavit.The court hearing also saw the judges using a noise meter to measure decibel levels in the room. When advocates in the case were addressing the court without the use of a sound system, the decibel levels varied between 50 and 58 decibels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12365280", "title": "Jyothirmayi all for women's rights", "text": "Jyothirmayi is the brand ambassador for the 'Thantedam Gender Fest,' organised by the Department of Social Welfare in association with various women's organisations.\"Though women can excel in any field, they have to work harder than men to make an impact. I want to make a difference by standing up for women's rights,\" says the Vedigundu Murugesan girl.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12362965", "title": "Govt to construct low-cost houses", "text": "PATNA: Urban development department is all set to construct one lakh low cost houses in the state during the next five years. However, in the first phase 25,000 houses would be constructed in Patna , Bhagalpur, Gaya and Muzaffarpur districts in the next fiscal.This was announced by urban development minister Prem Kumar while replying to debate on the cut motion moved by RJD member Jitendra Rai on the budgetary demand of over Rs 1,553 crore of the department for the fiscal 2012-13 in the State Legislative Assembly. The cut motion was defeated in the House amidst walk out by the RJD members.The minister further said that a sum of Rs 9 crore has been earmarked for holding a survey on techno-economic feasibility on metro and mono rail operations in the state capital. The minister mentioned that the state government would get a loan of 200 million dollar from the Asian Development Bank for beautification of cities in the state. The minister further said that units would be set up in the state to produce organic fertilizer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12369048", "title": "Medical college teachers to go on strike", "text": "VADODARA: Teachers of the Baroda Medical College and the GMERS Medical College here will go on an indefinite strike from Thursday over pay anomalies and disparities. A decision in this regard was taken by the Gujarat Medical Teachers Association (GMTA) as the demands were not met despite repeated representations to the state government.The medical teachers here had gone on a one-day mass casual leave in August, but had suspended their agitation as the government had assured to resolve the issue. GMTA has claimed that while the government came up with a resolution in September, it did not address the demands comprehensively. Following this, the agitation was resumed in December.The agitation is being conducted in other government medical colleges in the state too. Medical teachers are demanding University Grants Commission (UGC) scales on lines with arts, science, commerce and engineering colleges. They claim that they work for public health in addition to teaching, but their salaries were lower than their counterparts in other disciplines.The doctors have also raised the issue of pay ceiling to central government employees which was Rs 85,000 as against Rs 75,000 to medical teachers. They are also seeking time bound higher scale payment and promotions in line with the Tikku Commission recommendations.Vadodara GMTA secretary and M S University (MSU) syndicate member Dr Beejaysinh Rathod said that the decision for the indefinite strike was taken as the government did not take a decision on their demands by Wednesday's deadline. He said that teachers of government medical and dental colleges, Gujarat Medical Education and Research Society (GMERS) medical colleges and dental as well as medical colleges run by municipal corporations in the state had joined the stir.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12365962", "title": "Lilies, the new love of Ludhianvis", "text": "LUDHIANA: Lilies are the new flower love of Ludhianvis, who seem to have deep love for nature and flowers. In lilies, they have found the perfect companions to fill their homes with beauty and frgarence. Says Arjinder Kaur, owner of The Flowers Hub at Samrala Chowk, a??The lilies are in demand. These are mostly used in interior decoration and for making bouquets and flower baskets. We sell at least two baskets, having 10 stems each, in off season whereas the numbers are much more in peak season. There are two types of lilies, asiatic and oriental, which we sell in Ludhiana.a?? She adds asiatic lilies of various hues, including white, pink and yellow are more in demand though orange is also popular to some extent.Another florist, Amit Sood of Green Florists along Pakhowal road echoes the same love that Ludhianvis have developed for lilies, saying a??We sell good number of lilies in red, white, yellow, orange, pink and red colours. Besides the middle class, these flowers are popular among elite class who use it for interior decoration and also in flower baskets and bouquets. We sell at least a basket of 10 stems on a daily basis. The asiatic lilies are mostly grown in Kulli in Himachal Pradesh and Bangalore. Oriental lilies are grown in countries like Holland, Thailand and China.a?? He added that whereas oriental lilies have fragrance and sell at Rs 100-150 per stem, the asiatic lily has no fragrance and sells at Rs 75.Rishu, an employee at Blooms and Hues in Civil Lines area, says they receive a good number of customers for lilies.A flower lover, 26-year-old Kriti Ahuja, a homemaker of Rajguru Nagar, says, a??Lily is such a beautiful flower that its sight soothes eyes. It is a wonderful flower for interior decoration. I gift it to my friends and well wishers as bouquet and flower baskets during special events.a?? Another flower lover, 30-years-old Rajan Sharma, a businessman of Model Town, says, a??Lilies are awesome flowers which catch attention of one and all. Since it has good shelf life, it can be used for a week to 10 days for interior decoration. It also gives a unique touch to bouquet and flower baskets.a?? -- shariq.majeed@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12363040", "title": "Two samples sent for H1N1 test", "text": "BHOPAL: Two samples were sent to laboratories for the H1N1 influenza test here on Wednesday. District chief medical health officer, Dr Pankaj Shukla has meanwhile sought more information on the matter from private National Hospital in the city while the samples have been sent to Jabalpur.Earlier on Tuesday, the department of health had issued a state-wide alert after reports of swine flu deaths from Pune. The health authorities have requested the public not to take the symptoms of swine flu lightly, which are similar to those of cold and cough. District epidemiologist Dr Rashi Jain has been asked to monitor the situation in the city.Ten samples have been sent from the city for swine flu test since January.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12368993", "title": "Rare Indian Grey Hornbill bird sighted in city", "text": "VADODARA: A rare species of bird was sighted right in the heart of the city's busiest road last week. The Indian Grey Hornbill that usually keeps away from urban areas was sighted on Old Padra Road by two bird lovers. The duo - Rahul Bhatt and Mittal Patel - was on their way into a building near Vaccine Institute Ground when they saw the bird perched on top of a tree next to the building. The duo immediately clicked photograph of the bird.Wild life activists confirmed that the bird was Indian Grey Hornbill. While the activists were excited to see the bird in city it also left them worried. \"This species of bird is rarely sighted in Gujarat. It is mostly found in northern and eastern parts of the state. It is surprising that bird strayed into Vadodara,\" said Kartik Upadhyay, a bird watcher and wild life activist.According to experts, this bird is usually seen in dense forests of Dahod and sometimes in Gandhinagar. Another bird watcher from Surat said that the bird seems to be a female Indian Grey Hornbill. \"It is worrying to see this rare bird in urban areas. May be its habitat has been destroyed or is on decline. So, it is possible that it is now looking for new home,\" Upadhay added.The hornbill usually feeds on fruits, especially berries. It stays in small openings in the trees. The female horn covers herself inside the opening while laying eggs while the male bird feeds her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12368424", "title": "Police release sketch of rapist", "text": "NASHIK: The city police have released the sketch of an unidentified youth who raped a nine-year-old girl on Friday evening. The police have also formed three teams and intensified the search for the accused. The police said they reckon he must be 20 years of age.Senior police inspector of Sarkarwada police station Dileep Gavit said a few more sketches of the accused would be prepared in a day or two with the help of the girls. The police have checked the girls' school, slums, cable operators and boys in the remand home.On Friday at around 8pm, the accused entered the residential society, near Dhamankar Corner on Trimbak Road, and identified himself as a cable boy to two girls playing on the premises. He asked the girls to get the keys to the terrace from the watchman's wife and asked them to show him the cable box on the terrace of the building.After getting the keys, the girls went with him to the terrace to show him the cable box, when he raped one of them. He had allegedly threatened the girls to throw them down from the terrace if they tried to shout and before leaving also threatened to kill them if they told the incident to anyone in their families.After the accused left, the girls came down crying and narrated the incident to their families.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12365729", "title": "Short film 'Paati' wins first prize at international film fest", "text": "NAGPUR: On the penultimate day of the 3rd International Film Festival being organized in the city at Smruti theatre, congratulations were in order. Besides the screening of the remaining number of short films, it was also the day when prizes were announced for this competitive segment.The contest saw entries by first-time filmmakers who have made films in Nagpur with local actors. A jury comprising Rina Amrapurkar and Dhrubo Bannerji had viewed the films last week and shortlisted 20 from 35 entries. The films were screened over the last three days.The first prize which carries a cash award of Rs 15,000 was won by Paati, an emotional drama about the desire of a young boy to study, made by young directors Agnel and Thomas Roman and Vishal More. The second prize of Rs 10,000 went to the documentary film The Return of the Tigress which was made by the forest department in association with PANCAN. The third prize was bagged by the film Niyat-Niyati made by celebrity chef Vishnu Manohar. It won a prize of Rs 5,000.The prizes were given away by Prashant Pathrabe, director of National Film Archives of India, Pune, who was in Nagpur for the event. The government institution is the content provider and co-organizer for many film festivals.Earlier, interacting with the media, Pathrabe said that festivals like this were promoting film appreciation amongst viewers. \"Previously these festivals were restricted to metros, but now we are also getting requests from cities like Trichur and even Kurukshetra in Haryana and Simla, to organize these events and film appreciation courses.\"Films like 8\u00bd, Hugo and Jospehine, Seven Samurai, Ballad of a Soldier and Closely Watched Train were sent for screening at this festival by NFAI. \"Our mandate is to show good cinema and popularise film viewing. The content of the festival is decided by the organizers and they send their requisition to us,\" said Pathrabe. As the prints of a film weigh up to 35kg, carting them has become a costly affair. But solutions are in sight with the availability of digital formats. Pathrabe said that most of the festivals now opt for digital format but the archive does not have very many digital prints with them. \"But this new format has certainly given a much required impetus to filmmakers and viewers as making films and viewing them is more accessible now.\"The parameters for a successful film festival are high content, bringing cinema which is otherwise not available to the people of the venue city, resources in terms of sponsors and the interactive sessions that are organized by calling in the filmmakers. \"The festival here has been quite a success when measured on these lines,\" said Prashant Pathrabe.Showing today:National Alley: (Iranian) 10amThe Three Way Wedding: (French) 12.30pmBaru: The Wonder Kid (India) World Premiere, 3pmArdha Gangu, Ardha Gondya: (Marathi) 5.30pmSeven Samurai: (Japanese) 9pm", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12365448", "title": "Tributes pour in for Matanhy", "text": "This is a great loss, especially because Matanhy Saldanha proved himself a leader in many causes dear to the Church. His role was prominent in the causes of the ramponkars, campaign against Meta Strips, Konkan Railway alignment, protection of traditional occupations... He had the cause of Goa and Goans at heart.Filip Neri Ferrao, archbishop-patriarch, Goa &amp; Daman--The party has lost an able leader who worked relentlessly for strengthening the BJP in Goa. He was known for his concern for environmental issues and was known for his passion for balancing development with ecology. He had a strong popular base in all communities in Goa. His untimely demise is an irreparable loss for the partyNitin Gadkari , national president, BJP--We've been orphaned. His struggles led the Union government to formulate laws to protect our land. For us traditional fishermen, it was his efforts that led to a ban on mechanized fishing during spawning season. He got us the government subsidy on kerosene. He had other plans for us too, but God thought better to take him away from us.Agnelo Rodrigues &amp; Vishwanath Naik, president &amp; secretary, Goenchea Ramponkarancho Ekvott--He was an educator who went beyond the classroom and desired to create conviction within his students. It was clear he had larger concerns on issues affecting society which led him to enter electoral politics. He came across as one who loved Goa and its people, especially those disadvantaged such as fishermen, standing by them and fighting for their rights.Fr Ian Figueiredo, Salesian Provincial, Panaji-Konkan Province--His death has brought genuine sorrow to the dwindling Goan patriots who see their values being fritted away by unscrupulous leaders. As an activist he was selfless and fearless and was always targeted by the enforcement agencies, but would refuse to compromise. Goa will certainly miss him in the years to come.Radharao Gracias, vice president, United Goans Democratic Party--He was a leader of the masses and resolved their problems by taking up their issues with the government or even by coming out on the road to fight against the injustices. In his death, Goa has lost a leader of the masses.Surendra Sirsat, state president, Nationalist Congress Party--He was in the forefront to protest against polluting industries. He worked to protect ramponkars' livelihood. As an environmentalist, he understood the issues of protecting forests, coastal regulations and eco-sensitive zones and had generated hope of addressing Goa's causes using his offices. He believed in protecting Goa's identity and fought against colonization through SEZ. Goa has lost a dedicated activist.Sabina Martins, convener, Goa Bachao Abhiyan--Tributes were also received from Goemchea Rakhondarancho Awaz, Goa Environmental Action Group, Goa Su-Raj Party, former Union minister Eduardo Faleiro , Rajya Sabha MP Shantaram Naik, former St Cruz MLA Victor Gonsalves and the Goa state committee of CPI (M).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12362529", "title": "Workers to protest against corruption in NREGA", "text": "JAIPUR: Picking up from where they had left about two years ago, hundreds of MGNREGA workers across the state will once again assemble near the Statue Circle on Thursday to protest against corrupt practices under the scheme and repeated assaults on whistleblowers.In 2010, hundreds of MGNREGA workers had gathered at the same spot for a demonstration that lasted 47 days drawing the entire nation's attention towards anomalies existing in UPA government's flagship programme. Most of the promises made by the government then remain unfulfilled.\"The special social audit that the state was supposed to ensure is not happening anymore. FIRs have not been lodged in half of the 31 cases of anomalies that the government had detected then. Also, RTI activists seeking information on MGNREGA schemes are being beaten up in the state. It is these issues that the demonstration will highlight,\" says Nikhil Dey of the Mazdoor Kishan Shakti Sangathan (MKSS) that will spearhead the agitation.Dey says MGNREGA is failing to meet the aspirations of people. With villagers complaining about not getting work on demand, even as officials maintain they never received applications, the scheme is going through a crisis period in the state.\"Employment figures are plummeting, wages are still too low, and corruption is rampant. The promises made to us during our last agitation of providing minimum wages have not materialized, payments are not being made on time and the state government has failed to index its minimum wages to inflation,\" says Dey.The 'Samvad' dialogue between MGNREGA workers, activists and government officials that should have ideally spread to other social sector programmes and departments, has almost stopped.\"One of the best ways of ensuring effective implementation of the Act would have been effective social audit. But, it is being killed in Rajasthan, the place of its birth. As a result, none of our reforms will really work,\" he adds.The issue of Dhurra Ram, an RTI activist who was beaten mercilessly in Somalsar village, Nokha, Bikaner by the son of a sarpanch will also be taken up. Dhurra Ram has been instrumental in bringing out anomalies of about Rs 4.5 crore in the Somalsar village through an RTI application.\"The panchayat there has shown an expense of Rs 4.5 crore in removing sand from a mud road under MGNREGA when he is not entitled to undertake such work under the scheme. Not just that the sand was suppose to have been removed at a time when sands least clog roads in this area. This was a sheer anomaly that Dhurra Ram was pursing when he was beaten up to such an extent that he had to suffer 10 fractures. But till date no one has been arrested,\" says Dey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12365494", "title": "Gulhar murder case: MCOCA slapped on 10 persons", "text": "NAGPUR: Crime branch has slapped stringent Maharashtra Control of Organized Crime Act (MCOCA) on the 10 accused, including three who are on the run, in the murder case of Manjit Singh Gulhar. Special MCOCA judge GJ Akarte remanded the seven accused in police custody till April 2 on Wednesday.Gulhar was shot and stabbed to death at the premises of an upmarket hotel on Hingna Road on March 12. Gulhar had walked out of the hotel with a woman after enjoying snacks and wine with her when the assailants opened fire and then chased him inside the hotel where they shot him at point blank range along with inflicting stab injuries.The woman accompanying Gulhar has remained untraceable since then. Cops are even unsure of the role she played in the entire episode that once again underlined the new trend of firearm usage in crime here. Though mastermind Diwakar Kottulwar and sharp-shooter Manish Sribas, apart from another plotter Takshak Meshram are still at large, police have managed to arrest seven alleged assailants.Diwakar's younger brother Ashish, Kartik Tevar, Rahul Dwivedi and Ashish Naidu were nabbed within hours of the murder by Kelvad police while fleeing to Pandhurna in Madhya Pradesh. Crime branch team subsequently nabbed three more Sunil Waghmare, Sachindra Ramteke and Kapil Singh from different locations. Police were initially taken aback as all assailants started claiming the responsibility of the murder. The investigation team later all were part of the conspiracy and were trying to derail the probe.While search for three accused is still on, crime branch tightened its grip on the case by adding sections of the MCOCA. Additional Commissioner of police Ravindra Kadam stated that the case fitted the criteria. \"Sribas, Diwakar and Meshram not only have notorious criminal background but were also having alleged involvement in continuous unlawful activities. They were also part of the organized crime syndicate. These people along with the one arrested utilized their network and resources to commit the murder,\" said Kadam. He said that whoever next is arrested or booked in the case would automatically attract the stringent law and hence such numbers may shoot up further.It is being said that Gulhar had to pay the price for an enmity with Diwakar, his brother Ashish and their allies over sale of a property. Gulhar had in February stabbed Diwakar who had vowed to take revenge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12362644", "title": "'Swine flu has targeted mostly women, kids'", "text": "JAIPUR: Women and children are the main target of swine flu as it has mostly inflicted them while rearing its ugly head again in the state. So far five deaths due to swine flu have been reported, three of them were women and one girl child.The first case of swine flu was an eight-year-old girl, who died on March 1, and was a resident of Bajaj Nagar here. After that a 26-year-old woman died of the disease.So far, 28 persons in the state have tested positive for the disease in March. Among them, seven are children below 5 years. But, there are two more cases which are in the age bracket of 6 to 15 years.The medical, health and family welfare department officials said that children and women are more vulnerable to swine flu. Among the five persons who died, four of them were women and children. But, the fifth one was a 70-year-old man of Bikaner.But the men, too, are at risk as eight cases reported in different parts of the state are of men above 25 years of age.But, in the 16 to 25 years age group, there were only two women who contracted the disease in last 21 days. Out of the total 28 swine flu cases, 9 are under 15, 11 are female and 8 are male.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12366877", "title": "Happy that my work has been recognised: Soumitra Chatterjee", "text": "He turned down a national award 11 years back but legendary Bangla actor Soumitra Chatterjee is proud to recieve this year's Dada Saheb Phalke award, the highest recognition in Indian cinema.\"I am happy and feeling good. At least this award is away from any competitive politics. I have been working for more than 50 years and I feel really happy that my work has been recognised,\" Soumitra told PTI from Kolkata.The 77-year-old actor had turned down the special jury award for best actor in 2001 to protest the bias of national film awards committee in selecting mainstream cinema.This time, however, the jury chose Soumitra over veterans actors like Pran, Manoj Kumar and Vyjanthimala.Considered one of the finest actors India ever produced, Soumitra is known for his long association with legendary Satyajit Ray , starring in 14 of his films.He made his film debut in Ray's 1959 film \"Apur Sansar\" and went on to act in several other of his masterpieces like \"Devi\", \"Charulata\" and \"Ghare Baire\".Some of his finest performances came in the role of detective Prodosh Mitter (Feluda) in Ray's \"Sonar Kella\" and \"Joy Baba Felunath\" as also a school teacher fighting against a despot king in \"Hirok Rajar Deshe\".Soumitra credits Ray for making him what he is today.\"Ray made me what I am today. Had the director not been a great artist like Satyajit Ray, I wouldn't have been able to perform so well,\" said the veteran actor.He later went on to work with directors like Tapan Sinha and Mrinal Sen, the legends in parallel Indian cinema.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12364507", "title": "Court asks commissioner to probe case diary lapse", "text": "KOLKATA: Calcutta high court on Wednesday directed commissioner of Kolkata Police R K Pachnanda to personally visit Amherst Street police station and investigate why its officer in charge (OC) failed to produce the case diary in an anticipatory bail case before the court on its first hearing on March 5. The directive by the division bench of justices K J Sengupta and J Bagchi came after the court rejected the earlier investigation report on the matter signed by Pachnanda on the ground that the probe was conducted by DC North and not the CP as directed by the court.Advocate general Anindya Mitra, appearing for the CP, said Pachnanda had no intention to disobey the court's order. But since this investigation is a disciplinary action within the police force, the CP had instructed the DC North to conduct it. The report was signed by the CP.The court did not accept this submission and asked when the high court had directed the CP to personally investigate the matter, why had he instructed a subordinate officer to do so. The bench, however, exempted the CP from personal appearance on the day the investigation report is filed.During the hearing, the court raised certain questions regarding the production of the case diary in the anticipatory bail case. It said while its takes the state police just 24 hours to send case diaries from remote police stations like Nandigram, Kolkata Police fails to do so from nearby Kasba and Amherst Street. This is a major hindrance for litigants and lawyers.The advocate general told the court that the CP had deputed an officer in the high court public prosecutor's office to ensure smooth production of case diaries for hearings. The court said it is interested only in results and not the CP's administrative mechanism.The anticipatory bail petition over which the court sought the CP's personal appearance on Wednesday was filed by CTC driver Chitta Bose. The driver sought anticipatory bail as he apprehended arrest for running over a pedestrian on Amherst Street on February 20. As the case diary was not produced in court during the first hearing of Bose's petition on March 5, it had to be adjourned to March 7. The Amherst Street police station OC produced the case diary at the second hearing when Bose was granted anticipatory bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12362689", "title": "Sons and lawyers: PIL on court kinship", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Can a son himself appear on behalf of his father in a criminal case in the high court? A PIL has come to be filed in Gujarat high court demanding permission to a citizen to appear and argue case of his blood relative in court.Petitioner Divyesh Joshi from Rajpipla has approached the court with the request to permit him to present a case of his father, wherein the father used to appear as party-in-person. But when, Joshi insisted to represent the case, though he is not a lawyer, justice B N Mehta stopped him from arguing the case last month.Justice Mehta passed an order saying that the rules do not permit a layman to represent a case of other litigant, who insists to appear as party-in-person. Aggrieved with this decision, Joshi has filed the PIL.As per case details, Joshi was booked in 2006 for a brawl in sub-divisional magistrate's office and for hurling castiest remarks against the officer. He was booked under various sections of IPC and atrocity prevention law. He was jailed and his father, Harihar Joshi, deposited Rs 5,000 to bail him out the next day.The father filed a criminal appeal in HC last year seeking the amount of his deposit back, but did not appear for argument, though no lawyer was engaged. Instead, the son appeared for argument and he was barred.In his petition, which may come up for hearing soon, Joshi has requested the court to allow a son to represent the case of his father, since he is well-versed with the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "portland", "code": "12364596", "title": "'Google needs new strategy for Wallet'", "text": "PORTLAND: Google Inc is weighing changes aimed at improving its Google Wallet mobile-payment system following slow adoption and the departure of two key managers, according to people with knowledge of the project.The company is considering sharing revenue with carriers such as Verizon Wireless and AT&T; Inc to get them to embrace the technology, which lets users pay for items at checkout by tapping phones on a reader device, said the people, who asked not to be named because the discussions are private.Google aims to spur demand for its Wallet app, which is designed to boost its share of the multibillion-dollar market for mobile advertising by letting it target shoppers with coupons and promotions. The challenge: Few phones have the right technology installed, and rivals are readying their own systems, including one called ISIS that's backed by carriers.\"They are in a bit of a re-evaluation pattern right now,\" said Rick Oglesby, an analyst at Boston-based research firm Aite Group. \"It's going much slower than anticipated.\"One of the two original creators of the Google Wallet software, Jonathan Wall, left Google this month to start his own company focused on mobile shopping, Tappmo Inc. Marc Freed- Finnegan, lead product manager for Google Wallet, also departed to join Tappmo.Making progress Google said it's enthusiastic about Google Wallet's progress so far. The company is enlisting retailers such as the Pinkberry frozen-yogurt chain, which announced this week that it is using the system. Google Wallet relies on a system called near field communications, a wireless standard that works from within a few inches.\"We continue to work hard to develop Google Wallet and build the partner ecosystem to make it possible for everyone to pay with their phones and get great deals while shopping,\" Nate Tyler, a spokesman for Mountain View, California-based Google, said in an e-mailed statement.The mobile-payment market has drawn scads of competitors, including startups and more established companies such as Visa Inc , all aiming to capitalize on the growth of smartphones. The idea is to free shoppers from having to carry credit cards or cash -- they just need their handsets. Mobile-payment transactions will top $170 billion by 2015, up from about $60 billion last year, according to Juniper Research.ISIS system As the owner of both the world's most popular search engine and smartphone operating system, Google has an inside track with consumers. Still, it lacks the support of the two biggest US carriers, Verizon and AT&T;, which are backing the ISIS system. For now, Google Wallet's NFC functions only work on two phones from Sprint Nextel Corp, the third-largest US carrier. While 50,000 to 100,000 people have downloaded the software, only a small percentage use it, Oglesby estimates.\"The reception has been lukewarm,\" said Chetan Sharma, an independent consultant focused on the wireless industry.Gaining a bigger foothold in the wireless-payment market would help solidify Google's role as the leading seller of ads on phones and other mobile devices. That industry is projected to reach almost $11 billion in 2016, up from $2.61 billion this year, according to research firm EMarketer Inc.The proposal to share revenue with carriers would involve the coupons and special offers that run on the Google Wallet app, the people familiar with the matter said. Carriers might get a cut of the proceeds when consumers accept the deals.'No incentive' \"Today, the operators have no incentive to adopt Google Wallet, given that they have their own ambitions in this space,\" said Sharma, who is based in Issaquah, Washington.Verizon, AT&T; and T-Mobile USA have joined forces to create ISIS, which is slated to roll out in the next few months. At the same time, carriers aren't making it easy for their customers to use Google Wallet. In December, Verizon blocked the app from its new Galaxy Nexus smartphone, citing security concerns.\"We are continuing our commercial discussions with Google on this issue,\" Brenda Raney, a Verizon spokeswoman, said in an e-mail. Mark Siegel , an AT&T; spokesman, declined to comment on whether the carrier might offer the app in the future.Another option Google is exploring: sidestepping the carriers altogether and relying more heavily on in-store terminals to complete mobile-payment transactions, the people said. This approach could involve additional hardware or software for the terminals, coupled with software that runs on Google's servers, they said.Work around So instead of requiring phones to authenticate payments -- something that needs assistance from carriers -- the system might send transactions to Google's servers for approval and then clear it with the retailer.Google currently works with VeriFone Systems Inc, Ingenico and ViVOtech Inc, which make hardware and software for cash registers and other payment systems. Other Google Wallet partners include retailers such as Macy's Inc, Subway Restaurants and American Eagle Outfitters Inc.Google is adding more employees to the effort, seeking to fill eight Google Wallet positions. Last November, the company folded its Checkout service, which lets customers make online purchases, into Google Wallet.Sprint will introduce as many as 12 new phones able to run the Wallet app this year. Even so, Google's retail partners aren't seeing much traffic for now.\"We knew from the get-go we won't see a lot of volume,\" said Robert Notte, chief technology officer at Jamba Juice , which accepts Google Wallet NFC payments at 276 stores. \"We are in very early stages of this.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12362165", "title": "Ice-cream shop owner booked", "text": "PUNE: The Deccan Gymkhana police on Tuesday booked a 65-year-old ice-cream shop owner after a woman filed a complaint alleging that he had mixed sedatives in a milkshake she had taken from his shop on March 17. The woman said she had fallen unconscious after consuming the milkshake.The police have booked the shop owner under section 328 (causing hurt by means of poison with intent to commit an offence) of the Indian Penal Code.The 42-year-old woman was a regular customer at the ice-cream shop located on Karve Road. On March 17, she had gone there to buy ice-cream when she saw the owner having a milkshake. \"When she inquired about the drink, the owner said he could offer her a glassful. However, the woman decided on a takeaway. On consuming the milkshake at home, she lost consciousness. Her husband admitted her to hospital,\" sub-inspector V N Pansare of the Deccan Gymkhana police station said.According to Pansare, the woman's blood test report at the hospital revealed the presence of 'bhang' (cannabis). \"We have collected the glass from which the woman consumed the milkshake at home and sent it for a chemical test,\" he said.After the woman was discharged from hospital, she went with her husband to the shop and told the owner that they were going to lodge a police complaint against him. \"The woman has alleged that the owner's brother-in-law then threatened them. The complaint was lodged on Tuesday,\" Pansare said.The police are yet to ascertain any motive in the case. \"We could not question the shop owner as he too has been admitted for hospital for some other ailment. We will arrest him once he is discharged,\" Pansare said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12365559", "title": "Amitabh Bachchan wants to play sitar again", "text": "He has lent his unmistakable timbre to songs with remarkable results. And now, Amitabh Bachchan has expressed a desire to learn a musical instrument as well. Late last evening, the actor wrote in his blog, about his wish to pick up the sitar again, something he had done years ago. But there is a catch.Being a left hander, he is unsure of what position to adopt while playing the instrument. It is a similar dilemma for another musical instrument, the sarod. This diarist would like to add in a word of encouragement here.One of the most revered musicians of all time, Baba Allauddin Khan, Guru of Pandit Ravi Shankar and late Ustad Ali Akbar Khan's father, was a left hander. His instrument of choice was the sarod, but he was also known to have exceptional control over all classical instruments.Incidentally, the original god of electric guitar, Jimi Hendrix was left handed too, but it is said that his father forced him to play right handed because he believed being left handed was a sign of the devil. But surely, we have come a long way since then!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12362870", "title": "Will Sonia grant Telangana to save Congress?", "text": "HYDERABAD: The story doing the rounds is that chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy is interested in contesting the 2014 Lok Sabha elections and that he has even identified a possible seat - Rajampet -from where he could run. Though Rajampet is in Jagan land Kadapa- segments of the Lok Sabha seat fall in Kiran's native Chittoor and hence his preference for the seat. The story may or may not be correct, but illustrates the state of affairs in the Congress party. If the party were to be on a good wicket, the chief minister would want to run for another term, not seek refuge in Lok Sabha.Even before Wednesday's election results, analysts were sure about one thing: The contest in the 2014 elections in the Andhra and Rayalaseema region would be between Naidu's resurgent Telugu Desam Party (TDP) and Jagan's YSR Congress while it would be Telangana Rashtra Samiti (TRS) all the way in Telangana. Congress, the grand old party, that has been in power in all but fifteen years in the 55 years history of Andhra Pradesh would be reduced to an also ran status.The Reddys around whom the Congress was built have started deserting the party for Jagan's YSR Congress, taking along with them a large chunk of Dalits. These are the Malas, who are found predominantly in the coastal Andhra area. Many of the Malas are Christians too. This leaves only the Kapus to hold the Congress. For those who came in late, the social base of the Congress from the very beginning has been the combination of the Reddys, Kapus and the Dalits, with the last two being junior partners in the coalition. Though numerically the Reddys are small - not more than 8% of the population- their importance lies in their leadership in various fields like business and education.With the byelections results announced, the Reddy outbound traffic from the Congress is expected to increase. \"It is not that the Reddys have any problem with the Congress. But everybody likes to align with the winning horse. Although it may be a little premature to predict that Jagan can power his way to victory, it is however quite clear that the Congress is on the descent. Therefore they will move out from the party,\" said a senior Reddy leader. Byelections to 17 seats to the Assembly - all vacated by Jagan loyalist MLAs who quit the Congress - are slated in the next two months. Their results will be a further indicator to the state of affairs.Cognizant that the Congress future lies in keeping its Reddy base intact, the high command had installed Kiran Reddy as chief minister in November 2010. Young and urbane Kiran was expected to checkmate Jagan, but that has not happened. Hampered by lack of experience in realpolitik (including money play and decision making) Kiran has faced a rising tide of opposition from his ministers and MLAs. He has also been unable to get his writ run through his officers, and as a result governance has taken a backseat. Of course, the part of the problem is the doing of the high command. Dependent as it was on Y S Rajasekhara Reddy for marshaling resources and MPs for the Lok Sabha, the high command allowed the late chief minister to choose his own men for the 2009 assembly elections. More than half of the Congress MLAs owed their personal loyalty to YSR and after his death shifted their loyalties not to the Congress party but to Jagan. \"Had it not been for this dependence on YSR, the Congress would have been in a better position in Andhra Pradesh. The MLAs would not have run to Jagan,\" a senior Congressman says.To counter the exodus of Reddys, the high command was able to cajole Chiranjeevi to merge his Prajarajyam party into the Congress. This is seen by analysts as a positive move which will benefit the party. Although the Kapus (who were the main base of the Prajarajyam) numerically are much higher than the Reddys, analysts are not sure whether this move would counteract the impact of the desertion of the Reddys. Moreover there are indications that many mid-level Kapu leaders - who were earlier in the Prajarajyam are these days running around like headless chickens not able to find their feet in the established hierarchy of the Congress party. Such leaders can be fodder for Jagan whose new party can accommodate virtually everybody.The Congress high command's thinly disguised move to hem in Jagan by unleashing the CBI on him has also not resulted in major gains till now. CBI has alleged that YSR and Jagan had allotted land to corporates in lieu of investments in Jagan's media ventures but they have not been able to put the boss of YSR Congress behind bars. As the recent Supreme Court directive to issue notices to ministers and bureaucrats in the Jagan assets case demonstrates, there is no way in which Jagan can be nabbed leaving unscathed many Congress party leaders.It is a Catch 22 situation for the Congress and internal wrangles are bound to intensify in the coming days. Already there is a demand for changing the chief minister with the hopefuls ranging from deputy chief minister Damodar Raja Narasimha (Dalit) to Botsa Satyanarayana (Kapu). In the meanwhile, Kiran Kumar Reddy is seen resigned to his fate: his recent pix in the newspapers like playing cricket and cycling around the Necklace Road is seen as evidence of this.What the Congress high command would do next is anybody's guess. If instability is on the rise it could impose President' rule in the state. This would cease political activity in the state. However, analysts perceive that in a last ditch effort the party can go ahead and create Telangana. That would leave Naidu to battle Jagan in Andhra/Rayalaseema while the Congress would want to win Telangana by carving out the new state. It might also persuade K Chandrasekhar Rao to merge his TRS with the Congress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12364819", "title": "After 80 yrs, posthumous degrees for revolutionaries", "text": "KOLKATA: It took more than 80 years to right a wrong. Bina Das and Pritilata Waddedar, two of Bengal's best known revolutionaries, will be awarded posthumous degrees by the Calcutta University, after the British government withheld their graduation degrees in the 1930s.While the certificates will be given out at the CU convocation on Thursday, no member from their respective families will be present to accept the degrees on them. Instead, the certificates will be received by the state government and preserved in the university.It was in the 1930s that Pritilata graduated in philosophy from Bethune College in Kolkata, with a distinction. She then went back to Chittagong and joined the team of revolutionary Master Da Surya Sen. She, in fact, led a team of men to bomb the Pahartali European Club which had hung a board that read, 'Dogs and Indians not allowed'. While the club was torched, the revolutionaries got caught. In order to escape arrest, Pritilata consumed cyanide. The British, however, withheld her degree.It was around the same time that Bina, revolutionary who was working closely with armed extremists in Kolkata, tried to attack Stanley Jackson , the then Governor. But, the attempt failed. Incidentally, this was at the CU convocation where Bina was to receive her degree. As a result of the attack, her degree was withheld and she was imprisoned.About five months back, the Chittagong Parishad, an organization of which most of the revolutionaries were members in those days, informed Calcutta University that degrees of both these women were yet to be conferred.that exists to this day and of which all revolutionaries those days were members, alerted CU that the degrees of these two revolutionaries were still to be conferred. Das had graduated with a distinction while Waddedar had passed her English honours with flying colours.The chancellor of the university, Governor MK Narayanan had, hence, asked the university to check their records dating back to 1932. The records proved that despite passing out with flying colours, Bina and Pritilata's degrees were withheld by the British.\"We were instructed by the chancellor to prepare certificates for the two freedom fighters so that these could be posthumously given to them. The chancellor will receive the degrees on their behalf as a mark of our respect and duty to the nation,\" said CU vice-chancellor Suranjan Das.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "kavali", "code": "12362995", "title": "Bodies of seven students retrieved", "text": "KAVALI: A pall of gloom descended on Kavali town after the bodies of seven SSC students, who drowned in the local tank, were recovered in the early hours of Wednesday.The boys, who were students of a local private convent, went for a swim in the tank and slipped into the deep waters accidently. The boys had left home soon after having lunch.Their parents waited for their return till late in the night thinking that they might have been preparing for the annual examinations. The locals grew suspicious when they found bicycles and chappals on the bund of the tank and alerted the parents.The shocked parents and relatives rushed to the spot. They sought the assistance of the locals for searching in the tank as it was completely dark in the area.The search operations picked up momentum only after local revenue divisional officer Subramanyeswara Reddy and DSP Indira Devi reached the spot and pressed expert swimmers and machines into service. Realising the parents' worst fears, swimmers retrieved the bodies of the children, stuck deep in the waters one after the other. Police said that the unsuspecting boys must have got stuck in the thick mud and deep holes at the bottom of the tank which were believed to have been made by poclains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12362921", "title": "Open spaces a blind spot for BMC every year", "text": "Surveys and studies repeatedly cite paucity of open spaces as a major contributing factor for the poor quality of life in Mumbai. And yet the BMC pays little heed to the issue when it comes to allocating finances. Since the last three years, it has been allotting less than 4% of its total capital expenditure budget for the development of the city's green lungs, and even in that the lion's share is always earmarked for the revamp of the Byculla zoo. In the 2012-13 budget that was presented on Tuesday, the percentage share for open spaces was a paltry 1.6%.The BMC has estimated that in the financial year 2012-13 it will spend Rs 9,433 crore on infrastructure work (also called capital expenditure ). Of this sum, it has put aside just Rs 150 crore for gardens and open spaces. Look closely and the picture is worse. About half of the Rs 150 crore-or Rs 70 crore-is for Byculla zoo's revamp.The skewed priority is not new. In the 2010-11 budget, open spaces received 3.5% of the allocation for infrastructure development: while the capital expenditure estimate was Rs 8,250 crore, just Rs 286 crore was for the city's green lungs. And of the latter figure, Rs 188 crore was for the zoo. Similarly, in the following budget, Rs 7,772 crore went for capital expenditure, Rs 130 crore for open spaces and, of that, Rs 50 crore for the zoo.Activists find the trend worrying. Nayana Kathpalia of NGO CitiSpace said the civic body's priorities are twisted. \"The BMC doesn't seem to realize that well-maintained open spaces are required for the overall well-being of citizens. There should be more allocation so that lack of funds is not given as an excuse for giving backdoor entry (into open spaces ) to private organizations. That is how misguided rules such as caretaker policy come about ,\" she said.An internal report of the BMC's development plan (DP) department late last year showed that the BMC had managed to acquire only 16 % of the major open spaces reserved in the DP over about 10 years till March 31 , 2008 . \"There should be enough money for at least acquiring reserved open spaces. That is the first step towards reclaiming them and saving them from encroachments,\" said architect PK Das.Cong opposes water hikeA day after the Shiv Sena-led BMC proposed a hike in water rates, Congress leaders called for an agitation to oppose it. \"The proposed increase will affect slumdwellers and middle class people. People should realize that electing the Sena-BJP alliance was a mistake,\" said Sachin Sawant, spokesperson of the state Congress committee. TNN", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12366881", "title": "Kummanam seeks probe into Marad riot", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Hindu Aikya Vedi will continue its protest agitations till the government orders a CBI probe into the 2003 Marad riot in which nine persons were killed, said Kummanam Rajasekharan, state general secretary of the organization.Inaugurating the collectorate march taken out by Hindu Aikya Vedi activists here on Wednesday, he said all segments of the people including the judiciary and political parties, were in favour of a CBI investigation to unravel the conspiracy behind the killings.\"Even the IUML has openly welcomed a CBI probe. But the government is turning a blind eye to the demand, raising suspicions that it is being controlled by extremist elements,\" Rajasekharan said. Recent developments in the e-mail hacking controversy have proved that extremists have infiltrated eventhe police.If the government is sensitive to the demands of the majority community, it should institute a CBI probe, he saidBharatiya Matsyapravarthaka Sangham state president N P Radhakrishnan also spoke.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12365700", "title": "Committees set up for admissions", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The authorities of the Allahabad University have constituted an admission coordination committee, admission test core committee and various other cells for conducting admission at AU for the next academic session .These committees will now carry out the admissions under the supervision of the AU Committee of Admissions and the AU Admission Cell as per the schedule already declared by the varsity administration and regulation of the same has been drafted and has been implemented at AU. As per the list, proposed by director of AU Admission Cell Prof BN Singh and approved by the vice-chancellor Prof AK Singh, the coordination committee has four senior professors, one from each faculty of the varsity. These include Prof Shankar Dayal Dwivedi (Arts faculty), Prof Jagdamba Singh ( Science Faculty), Prof Anil Srivastava (Commerce faculty) and Prof BP Singh (Law faculty). This coordination committee will help in the admissions to the various programmes of their respective faculties.The admission test core committee that will supervise the admission tests and subsequent admissions to different courses includes Gurugyan Singh of the faculty of Law, IR Siddiqi of the department of chemistry, R S Singh from MONIRBA, J P Mishra from Law, A R Siddiqi of the department of Geography, Dr Prashant Agarwal of Defence, Dr Dhananjai Yadav from Education, etc.Dr Amiya Mishra of Sanskrit, Dr K N Uttam of Physics, Dr Katyayani Singh of Hindi, Dr Anupam Pandey and Ashwajeet Chaudhury of the department of Geography.Along with these, Prof B N Singh has also constituted various cells. A coordinator advisory board has been constituted with the members including Prof Shankar Dayal Dwivedi, Prof Jagdamba Singh, Prof Anil Srivastava and Prof BP Singh. The monitoring and assessment cell has been constituted members of the same being Dr I R Siddiqi, Dr Anupam Pandey, Dr R S Singh and Dr J P Mishra. The members of the planning and management cell would be Dr I R Siddiqi, Dr R S Singh and Dr J P Mishra while the members of the general administration would be Dr G G Singh, Prof Prashant Agarwal and Ashwajeet Chaudhury. The exam center incharge would be Dr I R Siddiqi, Dr Anupam Pandey and Dr Rajesh Singh.Dr Dhananjai Yadav have been made the media incharge while the cell looking after transportation would be looked after by Dr K N Uttam and Ashwajeet Chaudhury. The computer and lab data cell would be looked after by Dr Anupam Pandey, said Prof B N Singh. A hospitality committee has also been formed with Dr Katyayani Singh and Dr Amiya Mishra would be the members, he added.= = =EoM", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12362778", "title": "Man held for blackmailing wife\u2019s friend", "text": "MUMBAI: A 38-year-old man was arrested by the Kasturba Marg police for allegedly blackmailing his friend's wife for cash and sex.The accused, Karan Rathod alias Umesh, using his cellphone camera shot photographs of the woman with her lover over the past fortnight and threatened to expose it to her husband. The woman works at a private bank in Borivali East and stays at Kandivali with her husband.The woman approached the Kasturba Marg police on Wednesday after Rathod started demanding Rs 20,000 in cash from her, besides sexual favours , for not exposing her affair . According to the police, the 36-year-old woman was married for the past four years. Her lover also worked with her at the bank.\"Rathod met the woman, told her that he had photographs of both of them together and asked her for sexual favours and Rs 20,000 in cash to keep silent about her affair. The woman gave Rs 5,000 in cash but he wanted the balance soon. He also harassed her when she refused to comply with his demands for sex. Fed up, she decided to file a complaint against Rathod,\" a police official said.On Wednesday, the police laid a trap at the Sanjay Gandhi National Park and asked the woman to summon Rathod to collect the balance amount.\"We arrested Rathod when he accepted money from the woman. He has been booked on charges of extortion and will be produced before a metropolitan court on Thursday,\" said an official . The police have seized Rathod's cellphone and sent it for analysis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "in december, mit media lab researchers caused a stir by releasing a slow-motion video of a burst of light traveling the length of a plastic bottle. but the experimental setup that enabled that video was designed for a much different application", "code": "12366188", "title": "A camera that peers around corners", "text": "In December, MIT Media Lab researchers caused a stir by releasing a slow-motion video of a burst of light traveling the length of a plastic bottle. But the experimental setup that enabled that video was designed for a much different application: a camera that can see around corners.In a paper appearing this week in the journal Nature Communications, the researchers describe using their system to produce recognizable 3D images of a wooden figurine and of foam cutouts outside their camera's line of sight.The research could ultimately lead to imaging systems that allow emergency responders to evaluate dangerous environments or vehicle navigation systems that can negotiate blind turns, among other applications. The principle behind the system is essentially that of the periscope.But instead of using angled mirrors to redirect light, the system uses ordinary walls, doors or floors - surfaces that aren't generally thought of as reflective. The system exploits a device called a femtosecond laser, which emits bursts of light so short that their duration is measured in quadrillionths of a second.To peer into a room that's outside its line of sight, the system might fire femtosecond bursts of laser light at the wall opposite the doorway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12368715", "title": "Small tea growers to create own brand", "text": "GUWAHATI: Small tea growers across the country are contemplating creating a brand of their own to make their presence felt in the market. The Confederation of Indian Small Tea Growers' Association (Cista) said it has been mooting the idea of creating a brand identity for small tea growers by setting up self-help groups (SHG) of growers and factories.Cista president Bijoy Gopal Chakraborty said factories have been sanctioned to enable small tea growers to produce tea by themselves instead of selling green leaves.\"The time has come for small tea growers to create a brand of our own. That is why we are forming self-help groups and setting up factories for processing green leaves. Two factories are already coming up in North Bengal and two others have been sanctioned in Sonitpur district of Assam ,\" Chakraborty said.Cista has also proposed that the Tea Board of India (TBI) to open a research division, an extension wing and marketing unit at the newly-opened directorate of small tea growers in Assam's Dibrugarh district.TBI has asked small tea growers of the northeast to form SHGs so that the board can support them in setting up tea factories. TBI executive director Rakesh Saini said a tea factory is already coming up in Nagaland with the support of the board and with financial assistance from NEDFi.The Delhi-based Centre for Education and Communication (CEC) said that creating a brand for small tea growers' produce has become a necessity in order to make them visible in the market.CEC executive director J John said, \"Having their own brand would be a motivating factor for growers. But the emergence of the brand should be the final stage of improvement of small tea growers. The small tea growers should come together and form a federated structure which will be the owner of the brand.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12366821", "title": "10 fined for travelling in ladies train", "text": "CHENNAI: Ten men were fined Rs 500 each at Tambaram on Wednesday for travelling in a ladies special train.Based on a tip-off by a women commuter through helpline number (044-25353999 ), a railway protection force team checked a Main Electric Multiple Unit ( MEMU) train running between Melmaruvathur and Chennai Beach.The team found 10 men in various compartments with tickets meant for travel on normal EMUs. The commuters ,between 18 and 25 yearsof age , boarded the train at Maraimalainagar andwereheaded to Guindy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "mode town", "code": "12365980", "title": "Sabinaa's design hub blings up party plans", "text": "MODE TOWN: What started as a hobby and a helping initiative for Sabina Singh, 22, when she was in her high school, has taken shape of a well planned venture for the innovative artist. When in school, Sabina used to make models and charts not only for herself, but even for her friends, who would pay her for the creative help. The cash collected from friends was Sabina's investment in her art as she bought colours and other stuff with it. Over the years, the young girl has nurtured her talent of painting, packaging and decorations in to a thriving business venture and the best part is she is still as passionate about this as much as she was as a teenager. Moving away from her family's property business, she has named her design hub Journee Parfait. The Model Town resident says, Journee Parfait is a designer hub I started in January this year. It is a new concept for city residents as they would get paintings, trousseau packing, flower decoration, theme party planning and wedding planning under a single roof.''A pass out from the BCM School, Sabina says grasping theory lessons was never her cup of tea and so, she quit her BA course in the first year to take up a three year course in web engineering. a??a??I found it more creative,'' she adds. At the age of 19, she started organizing theme parties for her relatives and practising flower decoration and was appreciated for her talent. It was then that Sabina felt confident to take a professional leap turning her passion into her career.I like doing creative things, so soon I included trousseau packing and wedding planning in my venture,'' says the young entrepreneur. Functioning from home at present, Sabina would soon have a store for Journee Parfait in Model Town market as she has received an overwhelming response so far. a??a??The USP of my store will be that it would not just be about my products but even other creative youths will be given a chance through this venture. The budding artists involved in similar work can display their work at my store,'' says Sabina. a??a??I had no avenues to go to in the city when I decided to take this up professionally. I want the youth of the city to have a platform to showcase their creativity,'' she adds. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12362353", "title": "District hospital vandalized", "text": "NOIDA: Angry relatives of a youth killed in a road mishap on Tuesday night went on a rampage at the Bhimrao Ambedkar multispecialty hospital and beat up the duty doctor when they learnt that he had sent the body for post mortem without waiting for them to arrive. Soon, doctors and other employees of the hospital went on a flash strike. However, they returned to work on Wednesday afternoon after the police, senior officials of Noida Authority and district administration rushed to the hospital and persuaded the doctors to resume service. The police have arrested six persons and booked them for attempt to murder, rioting and manhandling a government official.Around 9.30pm, Virendra Kanojia (24), the deceased, a resident of sector 29, was going to Delhi riding a motorbike with his friend, Khusboo Kuchekar (22) when another two-wheeler rammed into them and sped away near the Great India Place mall. Kanojia, reportedly under the influence of alcohol, lost his balance and his bike crashed into the road divider, police said. The impact was so severe that Kanojia was killed on the spot, while Khusboo lost consciousness. According to the police, an ambulance spotted the accident and took the couple to the district hospital where Kanojia was declared brought dead.As the doctors were unable to identify the body, they sent it to the city mortuary. Later, family members of the deceased reached and assaulted the injured girl's relatives, police said. When the doctors tried to intervene, they too were assaulted. The man's kin alleged that the girl's family did not approve of their relationship and he was murdered by them. \"They then started beating by the duty doctor, Dr Arvind Singh, who had attended to the case,\" said the SP, Anant Dev Tiwari. They also broke the glass doors of the entrance to the hospital and destroyed the furniture, police said.Hospital staff alleged that a PCR van near the hospital moved away instead of providing assistance to them when the victim's kin went on a rampage and assaulted the doctor and others. They even started looking for the girl and her relatives, threatening to harm them. \"The hospital staff and doctors hid us, but not before Virendra's mother and sisters manhandled me,\" said Anvesha, Khushboo's elder sister. \"These people kept this on for nearly 45 minutes and we were scared as they had threatened to kill us,\" added Khusboo's elder brother, Avinash. Khusboo is now stable.The police finally arrived by about 12.30am and took several people into custody. \"The CCTV footage of the incident will be examined and a detailed investigation conducted. The guilty will be brought to book,\" said Tiwari. \"We have arrested six people and an FIR has been registered,\" he added. When asked about the sudden disappearance of the PCR van, the SP said that an ASP-level enquiry would be conducted and the required action will be taken against the guilty cops.\"As hundreds of people coming to the hospital for treatment would have been affected by the strike, we have decided to call it off,\" said Dr RMP Mishra, chief medical superintendent. \"We will let the police do their work and have, in the meantime, requested for more security to avoid more such incidents in the future,\" Dr Mishra added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12365432", "title": "'I am fine, don't drive rashly', he told Suhas Naik", "text": "PANAJI: Shigmo in Canacona on Tuesday was his last public event.Returning home from there, he had a fit of coughing after midnight. The tourism minister then suddenly collapsed due to cardiac arrest, doctors said.His wife, Alina noticed him coughing heavily, but after he suddenly collapsed, he was immediately shifted to private hospital.\"Even when I was driving he kept telling me that he is fine and not to drive rashly. When we reached the hospital we saw that he had already urinated and emptied his bowels. Even as I was driving him to the hospital I could not believe what had happened,\" communist leader and Saldanha's neighbour Suhas Naik said.\"We were not able to find his pulse and blood pressure, but he was just breathing,\" a doctor said.A team of doctors commenced treatment on him. He was then immediately put on ventilator, and the doctors, including a cardiac specialist, tried cardiac resuscitation for more than 90 minutes.\"We tried our level best to save his life but he did not respond to the treatment\" a doctor added. A little later, he breathed his last. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12364413", "title": "Satellite mapping, tougher rules to save waterbodies", "text": "KOLKATA: The environment department is considering a stringent Act to prevent encroachment of waterbodies.A panel headed by river expert Kalyan Rudra will submit its report to the state government later this month to prepare the basis for a new set of rules to protect the wetlands.Sources say that the government may amend some existing provisions of the Fisheries Act to ensure that a technical committee clears all applications to fill up small waterbodies that are seen as a \"health hazard\".The panel feels that each of these cases has to be examined very closely, and a \"floodgate\" of random clearance at the pretext of \"health hazard\" should not be allowed. The panel recommends that there must be \"solid technological backing\" to every application.It wants the government to ask National Remote Sensing Agency of Hyderabad to get a high resolution satellite data to map all waterbodies. The existing pond list with the Kolkata Municipal Corporation hardly offers comprehensive information. Lists of ponds and other waterbodies have been sought from all district magistrates, but the panel is unsure that it is a reliable study.The Institute of Wetlands Management, Salt Lake , can procure the high resolution satellite data from Hyderabad, and this may be the starting point to stop all land fillings in the future. \"The database is crucial. The KMC has a pond list, but it isn't comprehensive. So the waterbodies in the 185 sq. km of the city area with 5 million population is under constant threat,\" said an official.The panel was formed in October last year. Apart from Kalyan Rudra, the panel has Dhrubojyoti Ghosh, an expert on the East Kolkata Wetlands, Sushmita Sen , geographer and teacher, who specializes in legal aspect of wetlands, and K D Raju, teacher at IIT-Kharagpur specializing in environmental law.Rudra did not want to comment, but officials said the panel will place a new policy and a new Act before environment minister Sudarshan Ghosh Dastidar.As of now, Water Pollution &amp; Control Act 1974, the Town &amp; Country Planning Act 1979, Fisheries Act 1984 and the Land Use and Development Control Plan of 1996 are in vogue to protect water bodies. But despite that, on an average, two complaints come every day to environment department.Block development officers may be at the frontline of the battle to save wetlands. \"The police are overburdened and by the time the complaint reaches the right people, the waterbody has already been filled up,\" said a source. Therefore, the BDO would be given the power to take such complaints and initiate action. A block level panel would be formed to take care of the complaints in every district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12362493", "title": "CM shames MCD with Lalita Park", "text": "NEW DELHI: The inquiry commission probing the Lalita Park building collapse has given Delhi government yet another reason to justify its decision to trifurcate MCD. In its 296-page report, which was tabled in Delhi Assembly on Wednesday, the commission has indicted MCD for many lapses. Chief minister Sheila Dikshit later cited trifurcation of the civic agency as part of its action taken report. Interestingly, the government passed the bill to trifurcate MCD on December 1 last year, 11 days before the report was submitted by the commission. Sources say the timing of the release of the report is significant as it shows the BJP-led MCD in a bad light when the civic polls are to be held within a month.The report is an indictment of the functioning of MCD. It stresses on the failure of the civic agency to monitor illegal constructions in the city. It blames MCD's building, property and factory licensing departments for not being vigilant and for poor coordination which led to the collapse. \"All these departments of MCD have failed miserably in discharging their statutory duty on their own, independently much so less in coordination with each other....It cannot be the case that none of the field functionaries of these departments ever noticed the existence of the building or the activities going on there in all these 23 years,\" says the report. It regretted the \"evasive\" responses by MCD to its queries all through the inquiry.The construction of the building began in 1988. Interestingly, MCD claims to have sealed 1112 properties and demolished 8077 in Shahdara, South Zone, between 1988 and 2011, but the illegal construction on this plot \"skipped the attention of watchful eyes of MCD's field staff for reasons best known to them,'' observed Justice (retd) Lokeshwar Prasad, chairman of the commission.While MCD took action against five officials, four were reinstated on the ground that charges against them couldn't be proved. The commission has stressed on the need to fix responsibility on senior officials of the ranks of chief engineers, superintending engineers and executive engineers as they failed to keep a check on their subordinates.\"The commission feels convinced that there is a deliberate attempt to shield the higher level functionaries,'' the report says.The commission has also held DDA, BYPL and Delhi Police responsible for the collapse. It blamed DDA for not checking violations of the zonal plan either before 1987 or later. Discom BYPL also attracted criticism for giving two electricity connections for non-domestic purpose on a residential plot which enabled the builder to carry out commercial activities and increase the load on the building.Since the Lalita Park building collapse in which 71 innocent lives were lost, there have been five more such incidents in the city but no official has been found guilty so far. Reacting to the inquiry commission's report and the timing of its release, Delhi mayor Rajni Abbi said, \"With weeks left for the municipal elections, it is a desperate attempt by CM Sheila Dikshit to gain publicity. Why did the government take three months to make the report public?\"FIXING RESPONSIBILITYBuilding dept of Shahdara South zone didn't check illegal construction carried out by Lalita Park builder Between 1988 and 2011, MCD sealed 1,112 properties and demolished 8,077, but took no action against this property Lack of coordination between property tax, factory licencing and building dept. Facts were not brought on record Commission found water in basement of some buildings contrary to MCD's claim No action taken against senior officials such as chief engineers, superintending engineers &amp; executive engineers for not keeping a check on illegal activity Discom provided two non-domestic electricity connections in a residential premise DDA didn't check on violation of Master Plan and zonal development plan.ROAD TO DISASTERMunicipal records of 1971 describe property as one room, measuring 12'X 10' on the ground floor, meant for residential purpose According to municipal regularization plan, same plot earmarked for construction of road, acquired by land and building department of Delhi government and handed over to DDA Plot, however, remained in private hands and sold and purchased. Finally acquired by Amrit Singh in 1988 (on paper in 1990) Singh build basement, ground floor and two storeys in phases; added another floor in 1997 In 2005, he constructed brick walls on all the floors to divide them into small rooms of the size 8'X 7' to be rented out Same year, fourth floor added and another room on the rooftop, taking total count to 40 rooms Further damage caused by a water tank (15 feet long and 10 feet wide) constructed on the top floor.WHAT LED TO COLLAPSEHeight of building 20.46m, more than four times the width of the base (4.68m). Length of building also four time the base width. Limit for height is 15 m under bylaws Since building on corner plot, with two sides open, needed special care that was absent Prolonged waterlogging in the basement from September to October 2010, causing weakening of foundation A nearby ranny well not operational causing increase in the level of groundwater Footings of columns not bound with each other, no casting of frames Flooring of basement cast without any RCC frame or steel No load calculation for casting the columns Service, sewage and utility pipes placed and pierced randomly No government sanction sought during construction process No architect, structural engineer consulted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12362963", "title": "Family displaced from mosque still await relief", "text": "HYDERABAD: Dastagir Ghulam and his family are still reeling under the impact of the 2007 Mecca Masjid that rendered them homeless. The family, comprising eight members, who were living in a tiny house inside the mosque compound for decades were forced to vacate it due to security reasons soon after the blast. They vacated the house after the government assured them that they would be suitably compensated and ever since Ghulam has been running from pillar to post for the compensation. On Tuesday the State Human Rights Commission (SHRC) took a serious note of the delay and directed the Hyderabad Collectorate officials to give a final report within a month on the case.\"Our whole family used to live in the one-storied structure for the last four decades,\" says Ghulam, who is the husband of the petitioner Amatul Batool Firdous Jahan Begum. \"After the incident, we were forced to look for rented accommodation or seek shelter in a relative's house.\"According to him, the conditions immediately after the blast made it impossible for them to stay on. \"Within two weeks we had to shift because the security forces would close the entrance after the daily prayers. They did not even pay heed to our request to allow our friends or relatives to visit us. When the then Union home minister Shivraj Patil had arrived, the security forces locked our gate for nine days and we had to enter our house through a neighbour's gate.\"In the same year, the family approached the home department for help and police officials had even inspected the site and given a report that the property be acquired and the family be compensated. The family finally knocked the doors of SHRC because of the delay. \"In October 2007, the commission ordered the government to pay monetary compensation within three months but even then there was no progress,\" informed Ghulam. He added that two years ago, the deputy collector of the land acquisition department took measurements of the land for estimation and submitted the same to the minority welfare department. \"We have been suffering because of the lethargic working ways of the government officials. We are just hoping we get the compensation as soon as possible without further delay,\" he said.The case has moved more departments than an honest officer would in the government. Initially, it was the home department that had to pay up the displaced family but then it was passed on to the minority welfare department and later to the Hyderabad collectorate. \"We have received the case only in 2010 and have been working on it ever since,\" said K Niranjan, senior assistant, Hyderabad district collectorate. \"The minority welfare department took charge of it and then handed it to us. We have already made the assessment and will send it to the minority welfare department now. After that they will release the compensation amount.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12362564", "title": "\u2018Corrupt system triggered disaster\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: MCD failed to get its act together even after the Lalita Park house collapse exposed the rot within. While conducting an inquiry into the disaster, the civic agency again lived up to its callous image and turned a blind eye to irregularities.MCD was told to survey buildings near the collapse site for waterlogging and safety measures, but it shockingly gave a clean chit to 38 buildings in the vicinity which violated norms and had knee-deep water in its basements. This came to the fore after the inquiry commission did a reality check. \"After the survey, MCD authorities had reported that there was no water in the basements of the buildings and these were safe for human dwelling,\" said the inquiry commission report. MCD had surveyed 14,023 buildings for structural safety aspects in east Delhi.Taking a serious view of corruption in civic bodies, Justice (Rtd) Lokeshwar Prasad blasted the civic agencies for not taking action against top-rung officials, who worked in connivance with the accused. The report stated that despite the commission raising the issue of corruption, both MCD and DDA are silent. \"No disciplinary action has been taken against any MCD official. The civic agencies are silent on whether any public servant has been dismissed or sacked,\" the report said.Criticising DDA for not responding to its queries, the report said that either the agency did not take the matter seriously or intentionally withheld information from the commission.The probe panel also hinted at the involvement of the government's land and building department, saying \"this could not have been possible without active connivance of DDA, MCD and land &amp; building department\". In its concluding chapter, the commission clearly states that a corrupt system had triggered the disaster.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "12365282", "title": "Zilla parishad polls: Congress kept out at Chanda, Gadchiroli", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: BJP, NCP and Yuvashakti Shanghatna forged an alliance and garnered support from a few other minor stakeholders to rise to the power in both Chandrapur and Gadchiroli zilla parishads on Wednesday. BJP kept president's post in Chandrapur ZP and gave vice-president's post to NCP. In Gadchiroli ZP, NPC kept president's post and gave vice president's post to BJP.Santosh Kumre of BJP was elected president, while Sandeep Gaddamwar was elected vice-president in Chandrapur ZP. Congress, having strength of 21 members, had pitted Rambhau Tonge for president and Dr Vijay Deotale for vice-presidents post in the fray. However, BJP, with 18 members, garnered support of NCP (7), Yuvashakti (5), Shiv Sena (2), Shetkari Sanghatana (2), BSP (1) and MNS (1) and this alliance pitted Kumre of BJP for president and Gaddamwar of NCP for vice president's post. Kumre and Gaddamwar defeated rival candidates by 36 against 21 votes and were elected president and vice president of Chandrapur ZP for the new regime.Even in Gadchiroli, Congress party with leading strength of 14 members was cornered and kept away from the power by its opponents. None had gained clean majority in Gadchiroli ZP, hence coalition was inevitable. NCP and BJP made alliance with Yuvashakti Sanghatna, Adivash Vidyarthi Sangh, Communist Party of India and a couple of independents to come to power. BJP-NCP and allies pitted Bhagyashree Atram, NCP member and daughter of former minister Dharamrao Baba Atram, for the post of president, whereas Tamdeo Dudhbale of BJP filed nomination for vice-president's post. Congress fielded Penta Talandi for president's post and independent Vishawas Bhovte for vice-president's post.Atram defeated Talandi by 30 against 14 votes and Dudhbale defeated Bhovte by 30 against 12 votes.BJP with the support of Yuvashakti Shanghatna meticulously tapped NCP's alliance to keep Congress, the leading party in both Chandrapur and Gadchroli ZPs, away from the power. NCP's rise to power in Gadchiroli ZP helped to save the face of its senior leader and home minister RR Patil, who is also guardian minister of Gadchiroli, after the party's poor performance in the ZP elections. NCP having strength of only nine members took the opportunity to gain president's post in Gadchiroli and agreed to lend its support to BJP in Chandrapur ZP.State BJP president Sudhir Mungatiwar managed to exude his strength in his home district by clinging to the power in Chandrapur ZP. Yuvashakti Sanghatna led by Bunty Bhangadiya managed to come to power in both the district by lending support NCP and BJP. Yuvashakti is likely to get share of three chairman's posts in Gadchiroli ZP and two chairman's post in Chandrapur ZP against its support to allies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12363013", "title": "MU colleges gear up for Bihar Diwas celebrations", "text": "PATNA: Colleges under Magadh University (MU) located in and around Patna are fully geared up to celebrate Bihar Diwas on Thursday on their respective college premises. College buildings have been illuminated in blue to mark the celebrations.A N College, which held a debate on Wednesday on the issue, would hold a variety of cultural programme to mark Bihar Diwas. Seminar, conferences and other cultural activities would be held till March 24 to celebrate the occasion, said college principal Haridwar Singh, adding extra care is being taken to keep the college campus neat and clean. According to him, about 100 candles will be lit on the college campus on March 22 and 23. MU VC Arun Kumar will participate in a special function to be organized on March 24 on the college campus to mark the concluding day function of Bihar Diwas, the principal said.Arvind Mahila College has also illuminated its building in blue colour. About 100 earthen lamps would be lit on Thursday night. About 150 students and college teachers would participate in a special programme 'Ganga Ke Laheron Mei' on Thursday. Teachers and students would move on a streamer in the Ganga and release 100 colourful balloons at the Gandhi Ghat here, said college principal Asha Singh, adding the college has already started week-long celebrations on March 15.T P S College has decided to light 100 candles on the college building on Thursday night to celebrate the day with fervour and enthusiasm. National seminars, conferences and cultural activities would be held on March 22 and 23 on the college premises, said college principal Baban Singh.B S College, Danapur, is also geared up to celebrate the day on Thursday. While 100 candle lights would be lit on the college building in the night, seminars, conferences and cultural programme would be held on the campus till March 24, said college principal Praveen Kumar .J D Women's College has also made arrangements to celebrate the occasion. Apart from the college building which would be decorated with lights and illuminations, the college would hold various programmes till March 24, said college principal Usha Singh.Similarly, B D College, Ganga Devi College, Dwarika College, R P M College, Patna City, Mahila College, Khagaul, and many other colleges are geared up to celebrate Bihar Diwas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12369033", "title": "Mrunal Jain mobbed", "text": "Mrunal Jain who is seen as Sameer Deewan in Hitler Didi recently went to infiniti 2 to buy a pair of jeans. He was surprised when not only the shopkeeper recognized him but few kids with parents came forward to take his autographed and people started clicking his pics.He confirms, \"People and kids not only recognized me but even asked me for autographs and pictures with them. The crowd was increasing so I had to quickly buy the jeans and leave the shop.\"Well Mrunal, Adulation is what an actor craves for.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12366763", "title": "Death does not mean defeat", "text": "Ninasam is an organisation devoted to theatre, cinema and literature. Started as an adda by the Magsaysay award winner K V Subanna in 1947, it was formalised later as a drama school and publishing house.For urban visitors like us, the red soil, lush vegetation and pure air of Ninasam are undreamt of gifts; and at night, there's the added bonus of a brilliant Venus sparkling in a crystal clear sky.Millenia ago, this region was part of the Dandaka forest that extended from the Vindhya range to the tip of the peninsula. Rama and Lakshmana are said to have come here, looking for Sita. They called the tribals who inhabited the land, vanaras (apes). One of the vanaras was the mighty Vali, king of Kishkindha, who had driven his younger brother Sugreeva away for usurping his throne. Sugreeva had met Rama and made a political pact with him. Rama was to kill Vali and Sugreeva was to help him find Sita.Rama fulfilled his part of the pact by sending Sugreeva to challenge Vali to a duel, while he himself hid behind a tree waiting for a chance to shoot him. As Vali lay dying, he challenged Rama to defend his act. Was it honourable, just, or even valorous to shoot him in this manner, when he was unprepared?We saw an enthralling performance of this episode from the Ramayana in the Tala Maddale form at Ninasam one evening. Tala Maddale is Yakshagana without costume and dance. Here, the Bhagavatha sits at the back of a small stage singing songs narrating the episode, accompanying himself on tiny cymbals called tala. The percussionists sit beside him, playing the maddale and the chande. The actors face each other in front, ready to engage in extempore debate, one speaking as Vali, the other as Rama. In normal circumstances, the actors would have spoken in Kannada. But we were a linguistically mixed group on whom the entire argument would have been lost had it been in Kannada. So, amazingly, they performed for us in English.At first, we were apprehensive about the experiment. But in the hands of these veteran performers, English was transformed into an Indian language. The words came from other shores, but the facial expressions and gestures were home-grown. What was even more amazing in the context of the colour that Rama bhakti has acquired over the last two decades, was the sheer audacity of Vali's argument.What right did you have to shoot me since I am not your enemy, have done you no harm, and, as King of Ayodhya, you have no territorial rights over my kingdom , he demanded. Further, why did you, equipped with your divinely powered arrows, have to use subterfuge to kill me? And finally, what kind of justice is this that you heard only Sugreeva's version of the fight between us and did not ask me for mine? Do you not think you should have talked to me? If you had asked, I too would have helped you find Sita.Developing his argument further, Vali attributed imperialist designs to Rama. I am not interested in conquering other people's territories as you seem to be, he said. But I do have a right to defend my own. My brother captured my throne while I was locked in battle with a rakshasa who was posing a threat to our kingdom. Was it wrong of me to have taken back what was mine? And remember, I merely drove Sugreeva away from my kingdom. I didn't kill him as I could have very well done. But he was my brother, and I honoured that bond. And he? He made a deal with you to kill me, his elder brother and his king.Tell me Rama, is this behaviour honourable?Rama was more or less tonguetied by Vali's logic. Pushed to the wall, he could only take recourse in the shastras. They had given him the right to destroy evil wherever it existed. But the shastras you speak of are yours, not ours, Vali argued. Your morality is not our morality. Why else would you have decided that I was more evil than my brother Sugreeva and deserved to be killed?As a final gambit, Rama declared the truth of logic as being lesser than the truth of the shastras. Vali had to lump that, whether he liked it or not. And so Vali died, but not ignominously. The actor, character and argument had together won the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12366382", "title": "Design dazzling rangolis this Gudi Padwa", "text": "Rangolis are an important Gudi Padwa tradition. However, they have acquired an air of modernity. Mithila Mehta explores this unusual canvasGudi Padwa brings not just joy and festivities, but creativity in the form of beautiful rangolis. In what is a traditional rituals, homes come alive with an array of dazzling designs. \"The area around the gudi, outside the entrance of the home and near the temple in the home are all decorated with Rangoli. Usually, the rangoli is done early on Gudi Padwa morning,\" shares homemaker and Shivaji Park resident Smita Jadhav.Legendary linkWhile Rangoli is commonly linked to various Indian festivals like Diwali, it also has a significance during Gudi Padwa. As per a legend, the son of an important priest passed away. Lord Brahma asked the priest to create a rangoli that looked exactly like the boy. He then gave life to the drawing. In this manner, the first rangoli was created. Since Gudi Padwa is dedicated to Lord Brahma, the rangoli also has significance.The lovely rangoli, with its bright hues and dancing forms is also meant welcome Goddess Lakshmi into the home. \"It is considered auspicious to buy gold, silver, ornaments, electronics and real estate on Gudi Padwa. To ensure that these investments prove fruitful, the goddess of wealth is welcomed into homes,\" explains Jadhav.Making the rangoli is usually a familycentric process. Though originally limited to the women of the household, men are increasingly getting involved as well. \"I encourage my son Sahil to contribute to the rangoli. In this world of equality, it is important that he gets involved with this tradition as well,\" explains Sharda Lele. Says a shy Sahil, aged five, \"I am not very good at drawing so I just help my mother and aaji by mixing colours.\"Designs and motifsRangoli designs are mooted in tradition. Goddess Lakshmi's footsteps are drawn at the entrance of the home. Other common designs include the kalash of the gudi, the swastik, the Ashoka tree and the elephant. The rising Sun is a popular symbol become it indicates a new beginning and Gudi Padwa is a celebration of the new year. Geometric shapes and designs are also popular. The mango motif is commonly used, as Gudi Padwa signifies the beginning of spring and season of the mango fruit. \"Most rangolis are symmetrical as this symbolises balance in life. Also, it is important to ensure that the outer shape of the rangoli is completely enclosed. There must be no gaps for the evil to enter,\" shares Kandivili resident Mayuri Shirke, who carefully designs her rangoli weeks in advance.In keeping with march of modernity, rangoli designs are acquiring a modern touch as well. Abstract, asymmetrical rangolis are no longer uncommon. The intricacies of traditional designs are making way for the convenience of simplified versions. \"We no longer have the time or skill to make very complicated rangolis. The idea to keep the tradition alive to the best of our ability,\" says Lele. Unlikely symbols, like hearts and Chinese characters, are making their way into the rangoli. \"The older generation are staunchly against deviation from original designs, but we have come to accept it,\" she adds.Evolving traditionsBreaking away from tradition, nineteenyear-old Anuradha Jadhav, a student at SNDT College, plans to make a socially relevant rangoli this year. \"My rangoli will be dedicated to the hardships faced by the girl child. Social occasions are the best platform to voice social concern,\" she says.Rangolis are changing in other subtle ways as well. Simple paint rangolis are finding favour, as several find application of powdered colours laborious and messy. The original rangolis were created using rice powder and flour. However, this is no longer prudent to most homemakers. Seamlessly walking a tightrope of tradition and modernity, the Gudi Padwa rangoli is as resplendent as ever!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12363566", "title": "Foresters spot 'mystery cat' in Sunderbans", "text": "KOLKATA: The deeper you go into the Sunderbans, the more mysterious it is. The camera traps that have snapped 18 Bengal tigers outside the core area of the mangrove forests also captured two photos of a never-before seen cat. It could be another species altogether, a eureka moment for conservationists and wildlife enthusiasts.Forest officers scanning through a bunch of pictures of the wild stopped in their tracks when they came across a small, black cat with a long tail. Nothing of the sort had been seen in decades of documentation and exploration in the Sunderbans.The Sunderbans is the only tiger reserve in India where leopards have never been seen. Its Bangladeshi side reported the last sighting of a leopard in 1931.The cat spotted in the camera traps is bigger than a wild cat and smaller than a leopard, say sources. It's not yet known whether it's a new species but forest officials believe it is a melanistic leopard-cat , a rarity in the animal world.In leopards, two genes determine whether the animal's colour will be yellow with black spots or completely black. The black panther gets its colour from the black recessive gene.\"We have never seen any animal like this in the Sunderbans . Apart from the 18 tigers, scores of other cats, including jungle and fishing cats, were found during the exercise, which was done outside the reserve area for the first time. Most of them were expected till we came upon two sightings of a black cat with a long tail,\" said Sunderbans Biosphere Reserve director Pradeep Vyas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "taleigao", "code": "12365505", "title": "Fight for the causes he stood for", "text": "TALEIGAO: It was a grieving fisherwoman who with her cries pierced the uneasy silence late on Wednesday morning at Taleigao, in the entranceway of the apartment block housing the residence of tourism minister Matanhy Saldanha.\"Why couldn't you let him live for at least one more year? Who else cares to fight for poor people? What is your will, oh God?\" the tall and dark middle-aged woman cried out loud raising her hands towards the sky, drawing the attention of all the visitors who were either headed towards Saldanha's apartment or returning from it.The words led an elderly woman, sobbing silently in a corner of the lobby until then, to break into a stream of tears. It was the only moment when the restraint with which relatives, friends and associates mourned Saldanha's sudden and untimely demise was broken, probably because the fisherwoman had in her outburst voiced the unspoken general sentiment for the day in the apartment complex and beyond.Former chief minister Digambar Kamat, ruling BJP MLAs Laxmikant Parsekar, Ramesh Tawadkar and Mahadev Naik, Congress MLAs Atanasio and Jennifer Monserrate and Vishwajit Rane were only some of the visitors at the apartment complex on Wednesday who had the same feeling to express as the mourning fisherwoman, albeit in a much more subdued manner.The emotional outburst of the fisherwoman apart, plastic chairs were neatly laid out for visitors on either side of the entryway to the apartment block. A can of water also rested on a table with steel glasses for visitors. A handwritten note taped on the wall below the apartment block urged mourners to avoid condolence visits for the day and asked them to put down their messages for family members in a register left on a table nearby.But regardless of the note, the flow of visitors was nearly endless to the third floor apartment, which was Saldanha's residence for the last couple of years. Saldanha's wife Alina remained concealed from view for most of the time as the bedroom was covered with pale curtains.In a short prayer service held in the apartment living room, Fr Eremito Rebello summed up the feelings all the mourners, \"Fighting for the causes Matanhy stood for is the fitting tribute we need to give him.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12362525", "title": "Conviction in MLM scam an uphill task", "text": "JAIPUR: The absence of specific laws governing multi-layered marketing (MLM) businesses is likely to hound the prosecution in court rooms even though the Rajasthan police has booked the directors of Goldsukh Trade India and others in the case under Indian penal code for committing offence of fraud, cheating, criminal breach of trust and criminal conspiracy which may prove tricky to be established in the criminal court.Since the burden of proving guilty under Indian law is on prosecution and the matter is highly charged, it will not be an easy course for the prosecution to see the desired end result in the case. While the accused could temporarily be lodged behind bars during the trial but their conviction will be an uphill task.The accused will certainly take shelter under the corporate veil as the defrauding firms are registered under the Companies Act. The offences under Section 420, 406, 120-B IPC will need high level of accuracy at the end of prosecution to prove charges.The moot question will be to establish that the trade or the business of multi-level marketing that was promoted by these companies in question was illegal, prohibited under law or against public order and the business was a sham to dupe common man. The prosecution, if fails to establish the same, will be then required to prove the alleged offences considering each individual complaint and any joint or generalised charge sheet will defeat the case of prosecution.Surprisingly, a few years back the Central government in response to a question in parliament had said that there is no need for separate legislation to regulate such multi-level marketing institutions and that such marketing is no fraudulent activity, leaving no room for safeguarding interests of investors while also making task of prosecution all more difficult. When similar frauds surfaced in the 80s, the Central government enacted the Chit Fund Act, 1982 regularizing chit funds with certain riders and fixing responsibilities of directors but no such responsibility can be fixed in present case in absence of law.Gold Sukh Trade India Limited, for example, traded in gold and so do many other firms with some investment in realty sector and others in clothes or products of daily usage etc. They offered certain schemes to the investors to choose from and promised hefty returns in 12 installments. The time period of each scheme was three years.Important aspect of these cases to note here is that the complainants who approached police are mostly those who are actually secondary customers and purchased goods or invested money by making small payments for hefty returns not to the company but to the already existing customers.It may further be noted that all of them have signed an agreement with these companies where they declared that they are neither dealer nor an agent to the company and have no relation with it.In such circumstances the onus to prove role of each of the accused will be a tough task. It may further be cumbersome for the prosecution to prove their guilt without roping in officers of the registrar of companies whose casual approach resulted in this huge scam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12365139", "title": "Soumitra Chatterjee happy to win Dadasaheb Phalke award", "text": "The phone will not let him rest. It's the day's end, the thespian is worn down with the heat and light of shooting for Goutam Ghose's film, every single person is saying the same thing. Still, Soumitra Chatterjee is visibly happy. The voices in so many euphoric pitches are all congratulating the latest in the long line of Dadasaheb Phalke winners.So what's new for the actor who has under his belt the National Award for Best Actor (2007); the Special Jury Award (2001); the Sangeet Natak Akademi award, the Padma Bhushan (2004), a Lifetime Achievement award from Italy, the Officer des Arts et Metiers by the French Government? \"It's truly an honour,\" says Chatterjee, the subject of a documentary by the French Katherine Berger, about the 'crowning glory' for anyone who's spent his life in cinema. We take this as a cue for reviewing 'Apu's views on awards, roles, theatre, acting, cinema, society...What's special about this award named after Phalke?It hasn't gone to any objectionable name. Almost all the names from the very beginning to the last year are respected across the length and breadth of this vast country. And to be placed alongside names like Satyajit Ray , Mrinal Sen, Tapan Sinha - that really elates. I suppose that's why I'm flooded with calls! Such a vast number of people are calling to say they are delighted by the news - that is adding to my happiness!This award also puts an end to the feeling that every award is subject to politicking. I feel assured that there are things outside the purview of politics, things that are not affected by politics...Is there a message there for the generation of actors who've come after you?Most certainly they can take a leaf out of my experience. There have been times when I felt disillusioned, disappointed, even despondent. But, well, all that seems to have ended. And I hope this will be an inspiration for them.Can we go back in time to the handsome young announcer with AIR who had a passion for recitation and acting?His big moment had come when he got to act with Sisir Bhaduri in the play, Prafulla. For, after that, I'd gone for a screen test for a devotional film and got rejected! I had concluded that I wasn't photogenic. Naturally, when I got to act in a film directed by the towering personality of Satyajit Ray, I was plagued by lack of confidence. But the very first take had got okayed, and I had got a new identity - that of Apu.What are the tangibles you got by playing Apu?I got a chance to grow into 'Ray's favourite actor.' That epithet itself is something any actor would covet. People have written that 'Soumitra Chatterjee was to Ray what Toshiro Mifune was to Kurosawa and Marcello Mastrioanni to Fellini'. Additionally I got a lifetime friend in my co-star, Sharmila Tagore . I got to act under directors like Tapanda, Mrinalda, Ajay Kar, Tarun Mazumdar, Asit Sen, Harisadhan Dasgupta, under Sandip Ray, Goutam Ghose, Rituparno Ghosh , Atanu Ghosh, Suman Ghosh... All these directors, with films like Kshudhita Pashan, Akash Kusum, Sansar Simantey, Saat Paake Bandha, Feluda series, Dekha, Asukh, Angshumaner Chhabi, Padakshep have carved a distinct place in the heart of filmgoers - and their finely etched characters have firmed up my place in their heart!Did it hurt when Manikda cast Uttam Kumar as the superstar in Nayak?I won't deny that initially I was. But I had so much faith in Manikda's power of casting that I felt there must be something in the role that only Uttam Kumar can deliver. That faith was vindicated when I saw Nayak, and my respect for Manikda went up manifold.What was the most treasured lesson you got from him?Several. For one, I learnt from him that often the test of acting lies in not acting. Underplaying is a fine art, and I don't think I could have mastered it under any other celluloid master. But perhaps his most valued lesson in acting was: \"Don't look down on any film as 'stupid', especially if you're acting in one. You're a professional - you must believe in the reality of that scene and discharge your duties as an actor,\" he say. I have never forgotten this - not even when I acted on television, in Jatras, or even when I took to writing or directing plays.At one point of time you'd felt that the level of acting (in Bengal) had fallen drastically. Why was that?It was the teleserials. At least in Bengal the budget was so low that it murdered quality. Our megaserials were money spinners that had little need for ideas, concepts, vision. Most did not even use professional actors. That's why NSD graduates would not return to Kolkata. Frankly, how many students of theatre have made it big since Shah Rukh and Manoj Bajpai ?The world knows you first and foremost as Ray's hero, then as a star of Bengali superhits, and only then as a stage artiste. So why did Gaachh, Berger's documentary on you, have so little footage from your films?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12362539", "title": "When one room turned into a towering disaster", "text": "NEW DELHI: How a one-room house turned into a 40-room warren housing 60 families is a story recounted in detail in the Justice (Retd) Lokeshwar Prasad inquiry report tabled in the Delhi Assembly on Wednesday. Tracing the roots of the Lalita Park tragedy to 1970, the report questions the status of the land on which the building stood and the construction standards followed by the accused.According to the report, the building that collapsed in November 2010 killing 71 people was registered as a one-room house in the municipal records of 1971. It terms as \"startling\" how \"a piece of land, which as per the municipal plans was 'residential ' and as per the regularization plan was earmarked for 'road' , and already stood acquired by the Land and Building Department in the year 1970, saw transactions between the private parties from 1971 onwards, resulting in the construction of the building in question\" .The report cites municipal records of 1971 to point out that the house was assessed for property tax in the name of Sudharshan Kumari even after being acquired by the Land and Building department for construction of a road in October, 1970.Despite this, Kumari transferred the property to Padam Kumari in 1988, and it finally came into the possession of the accused , Amrit Singh, in January 1990.Singh, though, had control of the plot since 1988 and had begun construction on it. He built a basement and a ground floor before adding two more floors in phases . In 1997, he built another floor.The report says the building was badly designed from the base up but it became structurally unsafe in 2005 when Singh divided all the floors into 8'x 7' rooms with brick walls.After this, he added one more floor to the building and an additional room on the rooftop, taking the total to 40 rooms. A 15'x 10' water tank on the roof that was always kept filled increased the stress on the structure.\"The design of the building did not take care of the bearing capacity of the soil of the area. Moreover, the building, being a corner one with no side support, needed special care by the architect /builder,\" says the report.Also: \"The building had questionable structural integrity beyond second floor because the columns were not intimately connected with the loading frame.\"Not content with the rent from 40 rooms, Singh started using the residential plot for commercial activities. The basement was given to Choudhry Tent House for storage.A large hall on the ground floor became a godown for a snacks manufacturer while Singh used a small room as his own office . The first floor had a garments factory and the remaining floors were put to mixed residential and commercial use.The building rose flouting every rule in the book, without Singh ever seeking any sanction or clearance. Its length and height were out of proportion with its width. Instead of structural engineers , a contractor named Roop Kumar had carried out all the construction. The basement was water logged and gradually ate away the foundation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12365898", "title": "Music industry upbeat over HC order on online piracy", "text": "Music industry has termed as \"landmark\" the Calcutta High Court order which it thinks will put a leash on the scourge of online piracy.\"It is a landmark order in a way that the high court directed internet service providers (ISPs) to block the websites that illegally allow the downloading of songs which result in piracy. The judiciary has understood the sensitive issue of piracy. Even the ISPs have shown their support,\" the Indian Music Industry (IMI) General Secretary Savio D'Souza told PTI.IMI, an umbrella organisation of over 140 music companies, including market leaders like Saregama, Universal Music , Sony Music , Venus, Tips etc, had served the notices to ISPs like Bharti Airtel , Vodafone India, Reliance Communications Infrastructure, Sify Technologies, Hathway for alleged violation of music copyright by illegal websites.In its order last week, the high court restrained the ISPs from reproducing, adopting, distributing, communicating, transmitting, disseminating or displaying in any manner infringing the copyright in sound recordings belonging to the IMI member companies.\"I believe nowhere in the world this kind of order has come out in support of the music industry...So it is a big victory for us. The high court understood our concern about the illegal business. With this order we expect to control piracy in three to six months,\" owner of Tips Music Company Ramesh Taurani said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12365871", "title": "Artist Samir Mondal turns 60", "text": "Celebrated water colour artist Samir Mondal, observes his 60th birthday with an exhibition of his works especially created for the occasion. Debarati S Sen reports.Samir Mondal does not need an introduction - the water colour man has woven his magic again with his latest exhibition titled 6X10 that celebrates 60 years of his life. Each of the 60 paintings, sized 6 x 10 inches are water colours of flowers.Talking about the theme of his exhibition Samir says, \"The 60th year is very important for me because I believe that it is the average human age and that I have finished my quota of life. So, I wanted to celebrate it with my work.\"Despite the theme remaining the same, each painting is unique and shows his periodic development as an artist. They reflect his artistic journey from the very early periods of formal British school of painting to the middle period of experimental work and the last abstract post-modern style.The artist feels that the last few years the art world has been going through a lot of experimentation with artists experimenting with different media, sizes, textures and art has become complicated and narrative. \"I felt this had become kind of tiring and heavy for the audience. So in this exhibition I have tried to keep everything very simple - I have drawn just flowers,\" he says.Keeping the medium same, the size of paintings same, yet making sure each of the 60 works of art is unique and stylised differently, is what Samir has showcased in this exhibition and this shows his immense versatility and creative vision.All the paintings are of flowers but in some they are subdued and a part of the painting, in some they are standing still and pretty in flower pots without showing too much character, while in some the flowers stand out, assume a lot of character and become protagonists and then there are also some abstract paintings where the flowers are just a vague presence, just a shadow, or just a petal. And that is what adds to the beauty of this entire exhibition.Artists usually explore different kinds of media and to stick with just one - water colour for so long and yet be so successful is indeed considered a feat that few have accomplished. The artist, who is considered a master of water colour says, \"What angers me most is when people say oil paintings survive longer, will water colours last? Water colours have been here since the last 33,000 years while oils are just a few hundred years old. Look at the Indian frescos and miniatures - they were all water colours!\"He has used water colour with the same elan as the other artists use oil-based colours. There are works in this exhibition that seem to have more gloss and glamour than oil colours.Art for art's sake - it is a challenge for an artist of such calibre to go down to basics and express himself in a simple minimalist manner and he has taken it up very well.Samir Mondal's works can be viewed at the Jamaat Art Gallery , Colaba till April 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12362759", "title": "Goya work 100-year-old copy: Archaeological Survey of India", "text": "MUMBAI: Over a month after the police sent a painting by celebrated Spanish painter Francisco Goya to the Archaeological Survey of India to verify its genuineness, the ASI has confirmed that the painting recovered last month from a real estate agent's home in Oshiwara is around 100-year-old copy of the original painting and \"antique\".\"We completed our examination and concluded that it is an antique painting. We sent our report to the police,\" ASI superintending archaeologist M S Chauhan said.Goya's painting 'Saturn Devouring His Son' was recovered from real estate agent Majeed Sultan Khan's home on February 3 while the police were searching for illegal firearms. The police have now summoned an Andheri-based developer to question its origin after Khan produced a document stating that the developer had purchased it from his Uttar Pradesh-based relative in 1998.Khan had claimed that the developer had gifted the painting to him a few months ago to settle an Rs 40-lakh payment issue and he was looking for a customer to sell it for crores of rupees.However, Chauhan from ASI said that it was difficult to comment on the value of the painting as it depended on several aspects, including the artist who painted it. The ASI arrived at its conclusion after experts examined the materials used in painting and its frame along with other details. The police had arrested Khan after he failed to produce valid documents for keeping the painting. He has been released on bail.The police said they have called the developer for questioning as they suspect that the painting was smuggled into the country. They also plan to question the developer's relative.The police said till now no one has claimed the 19th century masterpiece and they will wait for some time before handing it over to a government museum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12362808", "title": "Scholars to operate Panjab University helpline", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Panjab University is all set to rope in research scholars to operate its admission helpline counter this year. Mooting a 12-hour helpline for students that would operate from 8am to 8pm, PU officials are now gearing up to engage university students to assist the staff during the work hours on campus.\"For the next two months, since the number of queries related to admission would be too large to handle, we have suggested the vice-chancellor to start a helpline in association with the students. Although they may not have sufficient information on all courses, they can assist the staff or take some role,\" said A S Ahluwalia, DSW, PU.In the past, PU student organizations have been perpetually putting up helpdesks during the admission season in a bid to woo voters before the student council polls. Last year, however, PU officials attempted to strengthen its helpline by engaging staff during extra hours. \"Students can be trained to handle the desk during work hours, while the staff can handle it after the 5pm. We will work out the modalities,\" said Ahluwalia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "cuttack/bhubaneswar", "code": "12366330", "title": "BJD drubs Congress in Athagarh bypoll", "text": "CUTTACK/BHUBANESWAR: BJD's Ranendra Pratap Swain won the Athagarh bypoll defeating his nearest rival Suresh Mohapatra of the Congress by 47,390 votes. \"Swain secured 87,604 votes while Mohapatra polled 40,214. BJP's nominee Bikram Das ended up a distant third with only 2,377 votes,\" said the election officer.Thanking the people of Athagarh for his victory, Swain said \"I am extremely thankful to the people of Athagarh for bestowing their blessings upon me. It is not only my victory but of the electorate that voted for me\". Swain also thanked chief minister Naveen Patnaik, who had campaigned tirelessly for the by-election. \"The development programmes implemented by the Naveen Patnaik government has led to the victory,\" Swain said.Within hours of after the returning officer on Wednesday declared Swain elected in the Athgarh by-poll, the new MLA rushed to the assembly, took oath and attended the house proceedings.Speaker Pradip Kumar Amat administered him the oath of office and secrecy at his official chamber in the assembly premises. Parliamentary affairs minister Raghunath Mohanty and some senior members among others were present on the occasion. The simple oath taking took place only after Swain submitted his certificate of winning to the speaker.For 59-year old Swain, it would be his fifth term as MLA. He could not file his nomination in the last 2009 assembly election on the ground of not submitting some requisite papers and had to fight a marathon legal battle for over two years to prove his point and to replace his predecessor from Athgarh Ramesh Rout.\"Swain took oath as member on the same day of declaration of result is unique,\" said a senior legislator of the ruling party. He added, soon after Raja got elected his oath taking was fixed immediately.Talking to media persons after taking oath as MLA, Swain described his winning as a victory truth and justice. He said he will work for people of Athgrah and thanked them for electing him.Replying to a question Swain said there was nothing special to take oath as member on the same day of his winning and within a fixed time in the afternoon of the day.Chief minister Naveen Patnaik also congratulated people of Athagrah for supporting party candidate Ranendra Pratap Swain.Leaving nothing to chance, Naveen had launched an intensive campaign and made whirlwind tours of the constituency to garner support for Swain. Patnaik had also deputed a brigade of ministers in the constituency to ensure the party nominee's victory. Swain was ahead of his rivals right from the first round of counting.The Congress has alleged that BJD won the election by misutilising the government machinery. \"BJD won the by-poll by extensively misusing the government machinery,\" said Suresh Mohapatra, the Congress candidate.The bypoll was necessitated after the Supreme Court in December 2011 had declared the Athagarh assembly election of 2009 null and void.Swain, a former minister and four-time legislator, could not contest the elections in 2009 after the election officer rejected his nomination papers on grounds that he had not submitted the BJD ticket in original. Swain challenged this in court and won the case, leading to the by-election.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12365314", "title": "What steps should the government take to tackle corruption in the state?", "text": "As corruption is a dangerous and deep-rooted phenomenon, the government should make every effort to eradicate it. First and foremost, stringent action should be taken against any government servant who indulges in corrupt practices. Zero tolerance towards corruption can only be a reality if people who run the state are themselves clean.Angela D'Cruz e Mendesadvocate, MercesTo fight corruption the government needs to first put a stop to favouritism and introduce transparency while giving jobs to unemployed persons and issuing contracts for various projects. Those who indulge in such favouritism, for whatever the rewards, should be punished stringently.Anand Masurassociate professor, MargaoThe new government has promised zero-tolerance to corruption in their manifesto. We can only hope that they will abide by it as they have expressed their intention to give people a good government. There is also a need for a vigilance committee and employees should be warned not to entertain any requests in exchange for rewards. Also, the public needs to cooperate with authorities to tackle corruption. They need to complain when they encounter employees demanding bribes.John MendoncaFormer headmaster, FatordaThe government has to fight corruption by curtailing the long procedures for obtaining various licences and certificates. It also has to eliminate the long chain of officers involved in any these procedures. Wherever possible, the government should provide online services. Strengthening the anti-corruption awareness movements among students and youth and severe punishment for corrupt people should also be considered.Vijaykumar Verekarteacher, Sanquelim", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12362646", "title": "Rogue \u2018cop\u2019 runs out of luck, nabbed in hotel", "text": "NEW DELHI: Police on Tuesday night got a tip-off about two luxury cars bearing the same numberplates parked at a five-star hotel. However, little did they know they were going to meet a former colleague, who had turned into an outlaw. He has halfa-dozen cases, including that of murder, against him.The accused, Ramesh Chaudhry, 50, is a former constable with Delhi Police. The special staff of New Delhi district police raided the hotel at10:30pm and arrested Chaudhry besides impounding the cars- an Audi and a Skoda - bearing the numberplates HR 70 D 0001, police sources said.A case of using a false property mark under IPC Section 482 has been filed against him. Chaudhry told his interrogators how he took to the path of crime, the sources said.Police said he first donned the uniform in 1981. \"In 1987, he was booked for robbery while posted at Kotwali station. The victim, who had come to lodge a report, identified Chaudhry as the robber. Since then he was involved in many cases which finally led to his dismissal in 1994,\" said a senior police officer.The sources said he was booked in 1993 for criminal intimidation (506 IPC) at Model Town police station. In 1995, he was charged with murder at Vasant Kunj. A year later, he was booked at Hauz Khas police station for trespassing with the intention of assault, they said.His brush with the law did not end there. Chaudhry eluded cops for years. In 2007, he hogged the limelight once again when he was charged with theft at Mapusa police station in Goa. As late as in 2011, he was charged with rioting and criminal intimidation, among other things, at Model Town police station, police said.Chaudhry was acquitted in the robbery and house trespass cases. In most of the other cases trial is pending against him, the sources said.Not only did he manage to hoodwink police for many years, he also managed to get a passport issued in his name after police verification - an indication of his clout in various departments, the sources said. He even managed to get the passport renewed, they said.Police said his son, Rupesh Chaudhry, also got a passport issued despite having two criminal cases pending against him. Police have asked the passport department how passports were issued to Chaudhry and his son, the sources said.Chaudhry is a native of Bahadurgadh in Haryana and stayed at Mahendru Enclave in the Model Town area. During his early years as a cop he only had a scooter, but in ten years he managed to procure a fleet of cars, the sources said.Senior officers said he loved to stay in five-star hotels and would be there for 15-20 days in a month. He also has a residence in Model Town and several other houses elsewhere, police said. They said the hotel authorities may be questioned as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12368863", "title": "All India United Democratic Front at president's door over 'harassment'", "text": "GUWAHATI: The All India United Democratic Front (AIUDF) has raised the issue of harassment of Indian citizens by dubbing them as Bangladeshis in the state with President Pratibha Patil in New Delhi on Wednesday.A six-member delegation of AIUDF, headed by its president Badaruddin Ajmal, met the President, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi and discussed the issue of harassment of Indian citizens and \"doubtful\" voters.The AIUDF has sought the Centre's intervention in resolving the issue of \"doubtful\" voters and said that Bengali Hindus and Muslims were being increasingly targeted. The delegation has also told the President and PM how the rising population of Muslims in the state was being attributed to influx from Bangladesh by different social organizations.The party argued that the rise in population of Muslims was primarily due to illiteracy and socio-economic backwardness of the community and not influx from the neighbouring country.Ajmal, who is also an MP from Dhubri, said even Muslims in the state were lagging behind in getting government jobs. \"Muslims are deprived of all jobs and state largesse so much so that even today their percentage in services is only 2% in Grade III and Grade IV jobs against their population ratio of more than 30%. In Grade 1 jobs, the presence of Muslims is not even 1%. Harassment and economic deprivation of the Muslims in Assam has been going on since 1947. Time and again, Bengali Muslims in Assam became victims of communal attacks and harassment in the name of citizenship,\" added Ajmal.\"Both Bengali Hindus and Muslims of Bengali origin are being branded as 'D' (doubtful) voters entirely on the assessment of half-literate and biased enumerators,\" said Ajmal.Reacting to the recent incident of handing over a group of Muslims by local groups to police after branding them as Bangladeshis in Nagaon district, the AIUDF demanded that such acts by non-governmental groups should stop. \"Those people were from Dhubri district and were in search of jobs. But they were rounded up by local groups and handed over to police, suspecting them to be Bangladeshis. Later, they were found to be Indian citizens. Such acts were being meted out just for the sake of harassing the community,\" said Ajmal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12366803", "title": "World Water Day 2012: North Chennai goes without water", "text": "CHENNAI: Today is World Water Day . But that does not make any difference to residents of some localities in north Chennai who have been facing a severe shortage of drinking water for two weeks or more.People in Tiruvottiyur are the worst affected as water pipelines have not yet been laid out in many parts of the coastline esplanade and the taps are bone dry in households that have connections. The Chennai Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board tankers that carried water to the area have not been seen for many days.Former chairman of Tiruvottiyur municipality R Jayaraman says work has been delayed on the drinking water pipeline. \"After the municipality was merged with the Corporation of Chennai, the work came to a standstill,\" he said. He said Rs 85.88 crore had been allocated to Tiruvottiyur under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission ( JNNURM) scheme to lay 173km of pipelines for supply of drinking water.Residents say certain areas in Tiruvottiyur, like Manikam Nagar, Kanagar Line, Shakti Moorthy Nagar, Eranavur, Raja Shanmugam Nagar, Anna Malai Nagar, Bala Krishna Nagar and Ramanatha Nagar, are facing an acute water shortage and the onset of summer has compounded the problem.Besides, the sewage lines in north Chennai are old and too few for the quantity of sewage generated.\"This has resulted in overflowing sewage entering wells, making the water unfit for drinking,\" said R Shankaran, a resident. \"We now use borewell water for washing and bathing.\"When contacted, Metrowater officials said around 40% of the work on the JNNURMfunded project has been completed . They said work on a Rs 87.63 crore drainage project financed by the World Bank project is also underway.\"Once these projects are completed, people should not face any water problem,\" a Metrowater official said. The local councillor, B Tamilarasan , said north Chennai including Tiruvottiyur, Manali and Tondiarpet zones face a big water problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12362417", "title": "Cool wind brings temperature down in the capital", "text": "NEW DELHI: Gusts of cool wind picked up in the capital around 11pm on Tuesday and continued till the next afternoon. The city woke to a breezy Wednesday with winds clearing the dust haze that had enveloped the city the previous day.The maximum temperature plummeted by eight degrees to settle at 26.3 degrees Celsius, four degrees below normal. The morning also saw a similar drop in temperatures that shot down from 21 degrees on Tuesday to 13.5 degrees, two degrees below normal, on Wednesday.Surface winds of about 40kmph that swept the city on Wednesday morning cleared up much of the dust that had brought down visibility on Tuesday. However, Met officials said the dust was still present in the higher levels of the atmosphere. \"States like Punjab, Haryana, Delhi, Uttar Pradesh, Gujarat, Maharashtra and Madhya Pradesh continued to be affected by the haze. Some cities in northern India had improved visibility, but places like Bhopal, Khajurao, Gwalior and Mumbai remained affected. The strong winds were only present in the first 4-5km above ground,\" said R K Jenamani, director in charge, IGI Met.Met officials said that when the wind picked up on Tuesday night, it was blowing at a speed of about 30kmph and went up to more than 40kmph on Wednesday morning. \"The winds were coming from the north/northwest direction as the western disturbance over the Himalayan region is now moving eastwards. The hills have received snow so these winds were quite cold. The wind speed will now drop and temperatures are expected to rise slightly so that they are near normal in another day or so,\" said a Met official.Temperatures dropped across several northern states as well. A drop of 4-8 degrees was recorded over many parts of Jammu &amp; Kashmir, Punjab, Haryana and Rajasthan. Jammu &amp; Kashmir and Himachal Pradesh also witnessed rain and snow.\"Winds of 20-30kmph will continue to blow over the Indo Gangetic plains for the next 48 hours. Temperatures too will start rising gradually. A fresh western disturbance is expected to affect the western Himalayan region from March 23,\" said a Met official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12362400", "title": "SP government restores zonal policing system", "text": "LUCKNOW: As expected, the Samajwadi Party government has decided to restore zonal policing system. This means reverting to the system of SPs and SSPs becoming district police chiefs. A government order (GO) in this regard has been issued by the home department, confirmed a senior official.Now, the state will have 17 ranges and eight zones.Former chief minister Mayawati had scrapped the zonal policing in February 2009. It resulted in inspector general rank police officers getting posted as deputy inspector generals while DIGs took the role of SSPs in nine big cities of Lucknow, Kanpur, Allahabad, Varanasi, Gorakhpur, Meerut, Bareilly, Moradabad and Agra.Similarly, in NCR region, Mayawati had formed NCR zone and posted an ADG rank officer.The decision to scrap the zonal policing appeared inevitable after senior superintendent of police Sunil Kumar Vajpayee replaced DIG Asim Arun in Agra.The home department official told reporters that posting of the officers in the districts will now done as per the new GO. This means that like Agra SSPs will be appointed in Lucknow, Allahabad, Kanpur, Bareilly, Moradabad, Meerut, Varanasi and Gorakhpur. DIG Lucknow Ashutosh Pandey may be made DIG range.The zonal policing will restore the powers of IGs, DIGs and SSPs as was the case three years back, an elated IPS officer told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12363855", "title": "NRI attacks LK Advani, loses BJP support", "text": "NEW DELHI: The BJP on Wednesday reversed its controversial decision to support Ashutosh Mishra's bid for a Rajya Sabha seat from Jharkhand, directing its MLAs not to support the NRI or anyone in the biennial elections to the Upper House from the state.The decision to remain on the sidelines in the Rajya Sabha polls came against the backdrop of resistance by senior party leaders like Yashwant Sinha and not before Mishra had discomfited the BJP by launching a frontal assault on the former Union finance minister L K Advani and former Himachal Pradesh CM Shanta Kumar.According to reports from Ranchi, Mishra, whose aspiration for a RS seat melted , attacked Advani for having praised Pakistan's founder M A Jinnah, and linked Sinha's opposition to the machinations of a corporate house, while calling Shanta Kumar a geriatric. The outburst stung the party into swiftly announcing the decision not to participate in the RS polls for Jharkhand.The decision was taken at a high-level attended by leader of the Opposition in the Lok Sabha Sushma Swaraj , her Rajya Sabha counterpart Arun Jaitley , senior MP from Jharkhand Yashwant Sinha, general secretaries Ananth Kumar , Ravi Shankar Prasad and others.BJP president Nitin Gadkari went along with the prevailing mood instantly.Soon, a Mishra retired from the fray. \"I would have won,\" the NRI claimed. He also disowned the attacks on BJP leaders attributed to him, saying that his statements had been distorted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12365860", "title": "Combine yoga with nutrition", "text": "LUDHIANA: Members of Ludhiana Management Association had a quality time in a special yoga and nutrition session organized by the body at Hotel Park Plaza.The session was addressed by Dr Ishi Khosla and Shivani Bajwa. While Khosla is a practising clinical nutritionist, a writer, researcher, author and entrepreneur, Bajwa is a yoga teacher and proprietor, Yog Sutra, Ludhiana.They told the gathering that a combination of yoga and nutrition can lead to weight loss , increased energy levels and improved health. The synergy of yoga and nutrition is not new as the yogis have been focusing on the proper nutrition for centuries, but the same was not adopted in the way it should have been, they said. Yoga and its link with food, common health concerns, managing food choices, dining out, travelling tips and how to deal with weight and other related problems were discussed in the meetingKamal Wadhera, general secretary of Ludhiana Management Association, said their organization keeps holding such courses for members for their all-round development.Later, all guests were treated to a sumptuous and a nutritious lunch of salads and pastas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "twitter, the microblogging service that lets users send out messages up to 140 characters long, now has -- you guessed it -- more than 140 million active tweeters. that's up about 40 per cent since september, a growth spurt fueled by the site's recent redesign and a relatively old technology", "code": "12366021", "title": "Twitter turns 6, has 140m active users", "text": "Twitter, the microblogging service that lets users send out messages up to 140 characters long, now has -- you guessed it -- more than 140 million active tweeters. That's up about 40 per cent since September, a growth spurt fueled by the site's recent redesign and a relatively old technology: television. The San Francisco company, which turned 6 years old, now sees some 340 million tweets a day, according to Twitter's new blog post.In December, Twitter announced a redesign of the site to make it easier to navigate and more personalized. The timeline feature, a scrolling list of Twitter messages that puts the most recent posts at the top, aimed to be 500 per cent faster than it was three or four months earlier.Television also drove growth, said Jeremiah Owyang , an analyst at Alitimeter Group. He said marketers are increasingly using television ads that incorporate the companies' Twitter account names and hashtags, the symbol used for finding topics on the site.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12365266", "title": "Reginaldo to take up Gogol sewerage issue", "text": "MARGAO: Stating that he would take up issues pertaining to Housing board, Gogol, Curtorim MLA Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco stated that his top most priority was to tackle the sewerage problems as promised by him earlier.Shortly before the election code of conduct was set in place, residents of the Housing board had approached the Margao municipal council complaining that there was no sewerage network in place and that the septic tanks were overflowing causing a stink.Incidentally, the two ward councillors Sadanand and Babita Naik (ward 6 &amp; 7) apprised the MLA of the issue who in turn said he had already spoken to the health officials, who had conducted a site inspection, and was going to follow up the issue with the departments concerned.Lourenco, speaking to TOI on Wednesday, further stated that he was also going to push for setting up underground cabling in Housing board as well as ensuring that there are no problems with garbage collection. TNN", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12363066", "title": "Poor school performance syndrome holds back kids", "text": "BHOPAL: Dhanesh, studying in class IV, excels in extra-curricular activities but when it comes to studies, he avoids writing, prefers to read and watches excessive TV viewing. Consequently, he got poor grades in class IV examinations.Amrish of class IV recently ran away from home and was found on the railway station because he received poor grades in school. He is not interested in studying. Stubborn, he has no visual or auditory problems. His father is a wealthy businessman and mother has studied only upto middle school.Year-end results are out in most of the schools of the city including Carmel Convent and St Joseph's Convent. While results are still awaited at Campion School and a few other schools. Students like Dhanesh and Amrish have suffered bad grades in the annual examinations and are suffering from what is known as 'poor school performance.'Dr Jagmeet Chawla, an educational paediatrician and psychologist at Aadhar says, \"Learning disability is a major cause of poor school performance, and it accounts for more than 10 per cent. Children who have not performed up to the expectations of their parents suffer from a host of emotional problems. The numbers of such children are rising.\"According to Indian Academy of Paediatrics, 20% children in a classroom get poor marks, known as 'scholastically backward'.Such children suffer from low self-esteem for not having met with the expectations of parents, teachers and not being at par with their peers.This also leads to significant stress among parents. Research also shows that this is irrespective of gender and socio economic background. Ekta Sareen, a teacher with Carmel Ratanpur says, \"These days the parents are equally to be blamed. Often marital disputes leading out of stressful lifestyles render the environment at home non-conducive for learning. Also the parents don't give enough time towards the children.\"\"Problems of children should be handled differently than those of teenagers,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12363183", "title": "Rs 12,500 crore Central funds for MP roads: Congress MP", "text": "INDORE: The Congress MP from Ujjain, Premchand Guddu, on Wednesday said that the Centre has sanctioned a sum of Rs 12,500 crore for construction, repair and maintenance work of roads in Madhya Pradesh.This, he said, was informed by the minister of state for surface transport Jatin Prasad in reply to his query on provision of funds for construction, maintenance and repair work of roads.In a press release issued here, Guddu criticized the state government for making baseless allegations against the Union government for not providing adequate funds. \"The moment the Union surface transport minister tabled the allocation of funds for repair and construction of highways, the state government's lies were exposed,\" he said, accusing the chief minister of misleading the people of Madhya Pradesh.\"Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan has been trying to tarnish the image of the Union government that it has not been allocating funds for repair and construction of roads,\" said the MP. Driving home his point, Guddu said that the centre has allocated Rs 413.39 crore for the repair and construction of roads, out of which Rs 341.44 crore has been spent by the state government.The Congress Party MP criticized the chief minister for, what he said, resorting to cheap politics. \"It is not expected from a person holding the constitutional and responsible post,\" said Guddu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12368576", "title": "SIT grills cop held for email leak", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The special investigation team probing the controversial email snooping case began interrogation of hi-tech crime inquiry cell sub-inspector Biju S on Wednesday.Police took Biju, who is accused of leaking sensitive intelligence information to individuals outside the department, into custody on Tuesday for further investigation. Earlier on Sunday, he was remanded to judicial custody.According to sources, police are probing Biju's alleged connections with some fundamentalist outfits. Police had also mentioned this in the report filed before the court seeking custody of Biju. Other aspects, including how Biju used the electronic equipment in the hi-tech cell inside the Police Headquarters to duplicate the intelligence data and how he forged the letterhead of hi-tech cell assistant commissioner R Vinayakumaran Nair to avail himself of the desired information are also being looked into.The investigation team will take Biju to the office of the hi-tech crime inquiry cell and collect evidence in the following days. A wing of the investigation team has also set off to Kozhikode as it had become evident in the initial investigation that the conspiracy took place in Thiruvananthapuram and Kozhikode, said sources.The investigation is being headed by crime branch deputy superintendent of police Radhakrishna Pillai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12366421", "title": "Actor\u2019s bail plea rejected, inquiry pending", "text": "CHENNAI: A city court on Wednesday dismissed the anticipatory bail petition of actor A Alphonsa. Passing orders on Wednesday, principal district and sessions judge P Kalaiyarasan said the petition could not be entertained as police inquiry was pending.The actor filed the petition after a complaint sought action against her over the \"mysterious death\" of budding actor P Vinod Kumar recently. Kumar alias Joy was living in her apartment when he committed suicide on March 4. In her petition, Alphonsa said Vinod was depressed as his debut film did not fare well and he was anxious about his career.According to the police, Kumar committed suicide after a quarrel between the couple. A complaint was lodged against her by Kumar's father R Babu, an AIADMK member and realtor from Kalpakkam, who also met police commissioner J K Tripathy seeking action against her over his son's death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12365427", "title": "Saldanha first minister to die during ongoing Assembly session", "text": "PANAJI: Matanhy Saldanha became the only minister to breathe his last while the House was in session, after he succumbed to a massive heart attack on Wednesday morning. Goa's first chief minister, Dayanand Bhausaheb Bandodkar was the first politician in the higher echelons of power, who died while he held office. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12365273", "title": "'Women need to fight the patriarchal system'", "text": "PANAJI: Women need to emerge from the shadow of the patriarchal system, was the sentiment expressed by participants at a seminar on gender discrimination. \"Women have to fight the patriarchal system... Women should be encouraged to come forward (to do this),\" said Celsa Pinto, former state director of education.Pinto was speaking on the concluding day of the seminar on 'gender discrimination at workplace: myth or reality', jointly organized by the International Centre Goa, FES, MICCI, Gand Goa University's (GU) Centre for Women's Studies.\"Governments and NGOs need to help women (in mitigating gender inequality),\" Pinto stated, while revealing that a mere four out of 60 government departments were headed by women. Journalist Prakash Kamat was of the view that managements discourage women in moving up the career ladder. \"Sensitisation of the society is a big battle,\" said Kamat, while adding that a change in the societal mindset is required. Shaila De Souza from GU felt 50% of government jobs should be reserved for women as they are better educated. Radhika Nayak, principal, SS Dempo College of Commerce and Economics, felt it is essential for women to develop 'courage of conviction' to prevent discrimination. While social activist, Meenacshi Martins, observed that \"women are wired differently. How they perceive situations and tackle them is different\". tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12366840", "title": "Trafficking net wider than thought", "text": "CHENNAI: The racket involving the transport of people by ferry toAustralia, part of which was busted with the arrest of 'Italy' Rajan in Nagapattinam on Sunday,is wider than thought, say investigators.'Q' branch sleuths are now hunting for three people said to be associated with A Rajan alias 'Italy' Rajan, now in Puzhal prison .Police believe this is only the tip of the iceberg.\"There may be other racketeers still functioning in the city and elsewhere in the state. Special teams have gone to several places based on specific information . During questioning , Rajan has revealed much aboutthe racket and the people involved . A few more people will be brought under the scanner and nabbed soon,\" a police officer said .Rajan told investigation officers that he would get information about people willing to travel to Australia by ferry through his associates. Those striking the deal would be taken to the ferry,lying in mid-sea, on catamarans from Tuticorin or Kerala coast by some fishermen, he said .The ferry would set sail with two or three crew members who knew the area well, police said.\"At a selected point, the crew would settheferry on auto pilot and returnin a small inflatable rubber dinghy that they carry aboardtheferry. After theferry enters Australian waters and is nabbed by police and navy of that country, the boat and its occupants are taken to Christmas Island. There the people in the boat would tell the authorities that they fled from Jaffna in Sri Lanka and not Tamil Nadu as instructed ,\" a senior police officer said based on Rajan 'sstatement .Police said each person aboard the ferry paid as much as 1lakh as advance . Those bringing them to the ferry would be told by the crew to hand over the rest of the agreed sum to Rajan who in turn would give a share to his associates responsiblefor the deal", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12364695", "title": "UP's first solar power plant starts functioning", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Amid growing emphasis on adopting alternative and environmental-friendly means to meet energy demands, the first solar power unit of Uttar Pradesh has started functioning on the outskirts of the city.Situated at Naini, about 25 kms from Allahabad, the 5 MW solar power plant developed by Kolkata-based company, EMC Limited, as part of the Union ministry of new and renewable energy's Jawharlal Nehru National Solar Mission became operational on March 4.\"It took us nearly seven years to complete the project which involved a budget of Rs 80 crore. The cost-effectiveness of this project can also be gauged from the fact that its maintenance would involve an yearly expenditure of not more than 70 lakh\", Pankaj Kumar Chhonkar, project manager of the EMC, told PTI.He said electricity is being generated with the help of \"21,300 solar modules which keep functioning efficiently even when the weather is overcast and involve virtually no environmental hazards which have been a major cause of concern with regard to power plants\".\"The EMC had been entrusted with this project by the NTPC Vidyut Vyapar Nigam, with which the company has signed a power purchase agreement ensuring a sale for the next 25 years\", Chhonkar said, adding that a total of 25 acres of land has been utilized for the purpose.He said as per the agreement, \"the Nigam will help EMC recover its costs while the private company will have to work in coordination with Poorvanchal Vidyut Vitran Nigam Ltd, a subsidiary of UP Power Corporation Ltd, and supply electricity to wherever requirement is felt\".\"The EMC has been in the business of power generation and transmission for over four decades. Keeping up with the demands of our times, we seek to make use of our expertise in providing green and clean energy. Solar power has been a huge success in Rajasthan and Gujarat where a large number of such plants are functioning,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12366473", "title": "6 lakh likely to register for teacher eligibility test", "text": "CHENNAI: Around six lakh candidates are expected to register for the Tamil Nadu Teachers Eligibility Test (TNTET) for which applications will be issued from Thursday. Officials said eight lakh applications had been printed. Registrations close on April 4 and details can be got from strb.tn.nic.inPart of the effort to implement the Right To Education Act in schools from the next academic year, the test is expected to set the benchmark for more than 50,000 teachers the government proposes to appoint in the next academic year. Aspiring teachers will have to pass the test with aminimum score of 60 %.Though clearing the test is mandatory for recruitment in government, aided and unaided institutions, many private schools remain unaware of it. Teachers recruited on or after August 23 , 2010, will also have to clear the test within five years. Schools said that though the advertisement put out by the Teachers' Recruitment Board (TRB) calling for applications for the test was clear, few know about the test.Teacher recruitment in private schools begins in March and extends to April. \"The requirement is only for government and aided schools. We have our own criteria for screening candidates. According to government school norms, teachers can be appointed on probation, and given time up to three years to clear the test,\" said a matriculation school correspondent.Other schools said they were in the process of recruiting teachers to get ready for the next academic year but that they would know how many will stay back only in June.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12365423", "title": "A modern society by Anindita Sarbadhicari", "text": "Anindita Sarbadhicari's play, \"Mirror, Mirror on the Wall\", is less a play and more a personal pondering.The performance explored the myriad issues that challenge society, which wraps the 'woman of substance' in glossy covers and, at the same time, capitalizes on insecurities of not being good enough.The play challenged these images propagated by society and journeys through issues of perfection rendered by cosmetics to scalpels, gender identity, girl trafficking, breast cancer awareness, dowry deaths and domestic violence, rape, HIV and female infanticide.\"With minimum props, the characters talk about the trials and tribulations that they have faced in life. A lot of this content has come from real-life experiences. The eunuch, Asha, I played on stage, was someone I had really met on a bus in Chennai - a woman trapped in a man's body\" said Anindita.The play revealed the deep-seated fear that there may come a time when the body cannot be crafted into perfection and one has to give in to age.Stuti Agarwal", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12362774", "title": "Loan flow stemmed for farmers", "text": "BANGALORE: Faced with drought and an agricultural crisis, Karnataka announced interest free short-term crop loans of up to Rs 1 lakh and earmarked a whopping Rs 19,660 crore for agriculture, irrigation and allied activities for 2012-13. But, there's little reason for farmers to cheer simply because they were entitled to Rs 3 lakh loan at 1% interest earlier will now be eligible for only Rs 1 lakh interest-free loan.\"Our idea is to extend the benefit largely to small and marginal farmers, who cover about 75% of the farming population to facilitate timely agricultural operations,'' Gowda said.The government spending for agriculture has been woefully inadequate as it hardly managed to spend Rs 600 crore of the total Rs 16,739 crore earmarked in the first agriculture budget presented for 2011-12.The good news is that the state proposes to establish hire-service centres at district agriculture offices to enable farmers to hire tractors and other high-tech agriculture implements at reasonable prices. The government also plans to set up an oceanarium (a large salt-water aquarium for ocean fish and animals) at Brindavana gardens at KRS in Mandya and Pilikula at Mangalore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12362506", "title": "Plan panel clears Rs 33,500 crore for state in 2012-13", "text": "JAIPUR: Chief minister Ashok Gehlot had much to cheer about on Wednesday with the Planning Commission not just appreciating the state's performance in the 11th five year plan but also extending a central assistance of Rs 33,500 crore for 2012-13, which is more than 17% over the Rs 28,461 crore the state had got for 2011-12. In absolute terms, the hike is Rs 5,040 crore for the new financial year.The annual plan was finalised during a meeting with the Planning Commission in Delhi, with was attended by chief minister Ashok Gehlot and senior officers from the state. The state had proposed a plan outlay of Rs 33,128 crore.Plan size for the 12th Five Year Plan (2012-2017) was also discussed during the meeting. A plan size of Rs 1.94 lakh crore has been proposed for the desert state during the 12th Five Year Plan against a revised plan outlay of Rs 97,000 crore for 11{+t}{+h} plan period (2007-11).Interacting with the media persons after the meeting, deputy chairman, Planning Commission Montek Singh Ahluwalia said that the planning commission had completed the first discussions for the 12th five year plan sizes. \"The first discussions were held with Rajasthan, a state close to us. It has done extremely well in the terms of performance in the 11th five year plan. It is one of the states which was not doing well earlier but the members agree that its performance is now appreciable and that the state has recorded substantiate growth,'' said Ahluwalia.Appreciating the work done by the state government, Ahluwalia said the plan performance in recent past has shown sufficient improvement and that the state's effort in improving socio-economic standard of the people has also registered vast improvement. \"Between 2004-05 and 2009-10, the state has raised 42.8 lakh people above poverty line registering a decline of 9.6%. Against the total national decline of BPL population by 5 crores, Rajasthan accounts for 8.6%,'' he added.The highest priority has been accorded to the energy sector in the 12th Five Year Plan with 37.43%. Social &amp; community services have also been accorded priority with 34.53%. So far it is the biggest plan size for the Five Year Plan got the state.Sharing details about the annual plan for 2012-13, Ahluwalia said, \"We have agreed on annual Plan size of Rs 33,500 crore for the next fiscal which is well funded by the state and some assistance (Rs 60 crore) from the Centre.''Interacting with the media, Gehlot said that the performance of the state in the 11th five year plan had not just been appreciated by the deputy commissioner, planning commission but also the prime minister during his visit to the state in January. The state aims at overall development and the focus would be on power, energy, health, education, infrastructure and other sectors,'' said Gehlot.The state during the meeting again touched upon its long-pending demands including coal linkages for power sector, refinery in the state and special package for drinking water. Ahluwalia said that coal linkages issue was not an issue restricted to the state. Reacting to the demand for special package for water, he said that water is a major issue and that the 12th five year plan would address the issue with a national focus. It has been proposed to hold a meeting of chief ministers to discuss policy decisions,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12368758", "title": "Manipur tops terror chart", "text": "GUWAHATI: Manipur is now the worst militancy-affected state in the country, overtaking Jammu and Kashmir and other northeastern states, while Mizoram and Tripura are among the most peaceful. In a reply to a question in Lok Sabha on Tuesday, minister of state of home affairs Jitendra Singh said a total of 246 militancy-related incidents have occurred in Manipur in the first three months of 2012 against just 34 incidents in Jammu and Kashmir.Similarly, 21 militants, five security personnel and seven civilians have been killed in the state this year which went to polls last month, while J&K; recorded killings of six militants and four civilians.Among the northeastern states, numbers of militancy-related incidents have come down from 424 in 2009 to 251 in 2010, which further reduced to 145 in 2011 and 26 in the current year.Meghalaya is turning out to be a disturbed state with the number of militancy-related incidents increasing every year. In 2009 there were 12 incidents, which rose to 29 in 2010 and then to 56 in 2011. In the first three months this year alone 35 incidents have taken place.In Tripura just one incident has been reported in this year till now. In 2009 there were 19 incidents, 30 in 2010 and 13 in 2011, while no incident has taken place in Mizoram since 2010. There was just one incident in 2009 in Mizoram. In Nagaland , the numbers of incidents have been declining from 129 in 2009 to 64 in 2010, 61 in 2011 and 37 so far in the current year. In Arunachal too, which does not have any militant outfits but is infested with outfits from neighbouring Assam and Nagaland, 53 incidents have taken place in 2009, 32 in 201, 53 in 2011 and 13 so far in 2012.The minister added that the Centre in association with the state government have adopted a multi-pronged approach to check infiltration on international borders by carrying out round the clock surveillance, construction of fencing, installation of floodlights and upgrade of intelligence networks along the international border with Bangladesh, Myanmar and Pakistan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12365457", "title": "Rajkumar Hirani says no to TV", "text": "The filmmaker was offered Rs 1 crore to judge a singing reality show, he refusedSalman Khan was reportedly paid Rs 3.5 - 5 crore for every appearance on the last season of his celebrated reality television show Bigg Boss.The Big B on the other hand got Rs 75 lakh per episode for the 2011 season of Kaun Banega Crorepati. But it's not just the actors who garner such high fee to judge or host a show. Mumbai Mirror has found out that filmmaker Raju Hirani was recently offered a whopping Rs 1 crore per episode to judge a singing reality show Jo Jeeta Wohi Superstar.Sources reveal that initially the Munna Bhai maker was offered a big amount to be a judge on the show. Despite Hirani's initial refusal, the channel and the production house who wanted a celebrity face for the judges panel, kept on insisting. In fact, they kept increasing the remuneration amount to lure the filmmaker. The amount was increased to Rs 1 crore per episode. But Hirani did not change his decision since he had to start work on his next film.A source close to the production told us that the makers even considered Vishal Bhardwaj as one of the judges. However, since Vishal is busy shooting his film Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandola, he was later ruled out. Both Hirani and the channel refused to comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12362350", "title": "Students pay for university goof", "text": "MUMBAI: Three teary-eyed girls stood in front of an auto rickshaw in Vile Parle and pleaded with the driver to rush them to Dahisar, after being refused by many others. The girls who were allotted M K Sangavi College for the TYBCom exam had reached their centre at 10.30am only to be asked to hurry to Matruchhaya College in Dahisar (east), the centre that was re-allotted to them by the University of Mumbai a day before their exam.Similar was the plight of many others who did not check the circular uploaded by the university which revised the seating arrangement for 2,150 students. Of these, 500 are regular commerce students; 1,650 others are distance education candidates.Despite head of the central computing facility Durgesh Mujumdar's suspension, college principals and senior university officials blame Maharashtra Knowledge Corporation (MKCL), that handled the online process, for the goof-up.This state-run corporation which has the higher and technical education minster Rajesh Tope as the chairman, for the first time, handled the pre-examination online process of capturing student data and then uploading the hall tickets on the website.College principals uploaded students' data on the MKCL portal in December. This data was forwarded to the university in installments and all of it was finally received on March 16, said sources. \"However, the information was marred with a lot of errors and we had to cross check each student's handwritten form with the data provided by MKCL. Hall tickets were issued after the errors were rectified,\" said sources, explaining the delay. What made matters worse was that close to 10,000 forms did not specify the area code for selecting an exam centre, added another source.The university has received a report from both the central computing facility that is headed by Mujumdar and from MKCL and is analyzing both. \"Suspending Mujumdar was an administrative decision, but we are an enquiry on his role in the slip-up. If MKCL is at fault, the necessary action will be taken,\" said Rajpal Hande, director Board of College and University Development. Vivek Sawant, MKCL's managing director refused to comment. Tope said he would call for a secretary-level enquiry into the matter.For students and parents the chaos translated to more than just an administrative slip-up. \"Only I know how I drove my car and dropped my son from M K Sangavi College to DTSS College in Malad. I have risked our lives to get my son to the exam hall. The university should have cancelled the exam rather than changing the seating arrangement at the last minute,\" said Ramnath Iyer, father of Kartik, a TYBCom student.Though university officials claimed that no one reached late, many students that this paper spoke to, said they not only reached late, but were given additional time that they had lost in travelling to the centre. \"\"All the colleges were given a blanket direction to permit any student who landed up to take the exam, irrespective of the centre allotted to them. This goof-up should not have happened, but we took the necessary precautions to ensure that students were not distressed,\" added Hande.At Narsee Monjee College of Commerce, two counters were set up at the gate to direct students who came early to their re-assigned centre. \"In all 27 students who came in late were allowed to take the exam from our college,\" said Sunil Mantri, NM College principal. In all the confusion, a girl who was assigned M K Sangavi College was also permitted to take the exam from NM College.Officials of St Rock's College, Borivali, who were asked to host the TYBCom exam on Tuesday swung into action and postponed the upcoming examinations of their junior college commerce students. \"On Wednesday morning, a staff member stood at the gate with the seating list and helped students to their exam hall. Close to ten students came late, but we gave them additional time,\" said vice-principal Neerja Sharan.Several other students who reached St Rock's College in time said they had started early from home as it was the first exam. So despite the fact that they went to M K Sangavi College, the centre that was earlier assigned to them by the university, they had enough time to reach the centre that was re-allotted to them.The Maharashtra Coaching Class Owners' Association dispatched an open letter to the vice chancellor stating that students should be allowed to select a college near their residence. \"Changing the exam centre at the last minute put students through a lot of pain,\" said association vice-president Narendra Bambwani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12366306", "title": "It is half century for Sudhir Sharma", "text": "Sudhir Sharma who has a great success record of hit shows in Karol Bagh 12/24 and Miley Jab Hum Tum ni the past is happy with the way Na bole Tum Na Maine Kuch Kaha on Colors is shaping up. The show recently completed fifty episodes and the cast and crew is happy too.Speaking on the occasion Producer Sudhir Sharma says, \"As a production house when we started creating shows, we had consciously decided not to do the regular run of the mill stuff but rather do something that is endearing and touches the deepest chord of the viewers. Na bole Tum is a show that tells the story of a little girl finding hope for her widowed mother. The flipside of doing the show was our sense of satisfaction at making something original and being able to dish it out in our own unique style. We are getting lot of fan mails for the lead pair. We are happy with the choice of storyline. Feedback is quite important for producers\".Seema Sharma who is the series director for the show adds, \"It feels great when people tell us we have made a show that touches the heart\". We wish the show reaches new milestone with time!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12366944", "title": "Sonu Sood to follow police and gangster for role", "text": "Stepping into the much-hyped role of mafia don Dawood Ibrahim in Sanjay Gupta's \"Shootout at Wadala\", Sonu Sood says the film will see him do many things for the first time onscreen.The 38-year-old actor, who has recently begun shooting his part, said that a lot of research has gone into shaping his role and look in the film.\"I have been reading stuff on Dawood. I have sat for hours to discuss my look. A lot of homework has gone into preparing for the role. We have done so much of research for the character and the script, to get the right look.\"I have a moustache and the 70s-inspired costumes to get that period's look. There are a lot of things I am doing for the first time on screen,\" Sonu told PTI.Vivek Oberoi was supposed to play Dawood's role in the film, but he had a fall-out with the director. \"Shootout at Wadala\", which dramatises the first registered encounter by Mumbai police where gangster Manya Surve was shot dead in 1982, also stars John Abraham and Anil Kapoor .Police encounters is the crux of another upcoming film of Sonu's. The actor is on the right side of the law playing a cop in \"Maximum\", a film based on encounters in Mumbai between 2003 and 2008. Directed by Kabeer Kaushik, the film also stars Naseeruddin Shah and Vinay Pathak.Sonu says this film gave him an inside view about the workings of a police department, as he spoke to a few policemen to prepare for his role.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12365439", "title": "New telecom operators adding users despite uncertainty", "text": "NEW DELHI: New telecom operators, led by Uninor and Sistema Shyam (MTS India), continue to add new subscribers in February notwithstanding the uncertain environment after the Supreme Court judgement cancelling 122 2G licences.Uninor, a joint venture between Unitech and Norway-based Telenor, registered the maximum growth of 6.04 per cent in additions as it added 2.34 million users in the month. Its total user base was at 41.14 million.According to the GSM users data released by Cellular Operators of India today, all operators added 8.77 million new users in February to take the country's GSM user base to 656.86 million.In January, GSM operators had added 8.44 million new users taking the total to 648.08 million.Another new operator Videocon, which added 0.34 million new subscribers, posted the second highest growth rate of 5.97 per cent in February. The user base of Videocon stood at 6.19 million.CDMA player MTS India said it added 0.23 million new customers, taking its user base to 15.43 million.Idea Cellular added maximum number of users at 2.58 million taking its subscriber base to 110.70 million.However, state-run BSNL failed to add even a single new subscriber for the month. Its user base stood at 93.42 million.Telecom major Bharti Airtel added 1.82 users as its total subscriber base was at 178.77 million. It had a market share of 27.22 per cent.Vodafone Essar , with a 22.75 per cent market share, added 0.83 million new subscribers during the month, taking its subscriber base to 149.44 million in February.Aircel added 0.79 million customers taking its subscriber base to 63.25 million, whereas MTNL added 38,757 new users taking its base to 5.53 million in February.Both Etisalat and Stel, which have expressed their intentions to exit business after their licenses were cancelled by the Supreme Court, did not add any new user.Circle-wise, the highest number of additions were in Maharashtra which saw 1 million new users being added in February.GSM is the leading standard for mobile telephony systems in the world. The other technology platform on which telcos offer services is CDMA, where players such as Tata Teleservices (TTSL), RCom and Sistema Shyam TeleServices Ltd (SSTL) are the main operators.TTSL and RCom offer both GSM as well as CDMA services.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12362647", "title": "'No evidence whether the virus is temperature-sensitive'", "text": "JAIPUR: A medical, health and family welfare department said they weren't sure if the swine flu virus is sensitive to temperature. \"We cannot say scientifically that swine flu virus spreads only in winters,\" the official said.In March, cases of swine flu were detected in various parts of the state including Jodhpur, Bikaner, Ajmer, Nagaur and the maximum number of cases was found in the city in the last 20 days.The swine flu guide endorsed by the medical, health and family welfare department stated the virus is contagious. It states that the flu virus spreads through droplets created while coughing or sneezing by an infected person. Swine flu is not air-borne. Two ways in which the virus spreads are: first, if the infected person sneezes or coughs and you come in contact with the virus. The other is if you touch an object on which the virus may have deposited and then touch your eyes, mouth or nose.The official did not comment on the possibility of swine flu fading out as the temperature rises in summers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "behrampore", "code": "12364840", "title": "Trinamool Congress worker killed over land dispute", "text": "BEHRAMPORE: A young Trinamool Congress worker was murdered allegedly by CPM-backed goons over a land dispute in a village near Behrampore on Wednesday morning.The goons reportedly attacked a group of five brothers while they were working at their wheat field. While Abu Talhar was killed, Jakir Hossein, Salim Sheikh, Abu Sufian and Maharam Ali were injured.Clash spread at Balarampur Mathpara in Bhagawangola on Wednesday morning from cutting wheat. Clash turned to political clash and TMC worker Abu Talhar (30) died and his three brothers Jakir Hossein, Salim Sheikh and Abu Sufian got injury. Hema Bibi, who went to field to reach with break fast alleged 'as we joined TMC from congress recently, CPM backed miscreants were arrogant and attacked us. They stole our mustard seed from field last year.' Maharam AliJakir said, \"We five brothers went to bring wheat from the field. It was then that they attacked us. Though the real reason behind the attack was political enmity, they attacked us over the issue of harvesting wheat in that piece of land. We possess these 4 bigha of land for the past 40 years. As the village is CPM dominated, nobody came to help us. We were lying on the field for two hours. Police rescued us. Our elder brother Abu Talha died on the way to Lalbag hospital.\"Another brother, Maharam said, \"I managed to escape from CPM-backed goons. But four of my brothers were attacked. We hope police would be active and arrest goons and restore peace.\"Sagir Hossein, district working president of Trinamool, said, \"The CPM is attacking our people as they are planning to recapture the area before panchayat polls. We want exemplary punishment for the accused.\"Mriganka Bhattacharya, CPM's district secretary, however, said, \"I do not know the details of what happened at Bhagawangola. I only heard that there was a clash over land dispute.\" Police have initiated an inquiry into the incident.Humayun Kabir, SP, Murshidabad said, \"We have initiated an inquiry into the incident. Accused persons have escaped. Police are patrolling the area to restore peace.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12362282", "title": "Youth fires at woman and her father, commits suicide", "text": "PUNE: A 26-year-old youth allegedly fired at an 18-year-old woman and her father and then committed suicide by hanging himself from a tree. The incident took place at Perne Phata around 35 km from Pune on Tuesday night.The woman, Nishigandha Waikar, and her father Dattatreya, are severely injured and are being treated at a private hospital here. Police inspector Rajendra Patil, of the Lonikand police station, said they are out of danger.The youth has been identified as Raju Chavan of Vadhu Khurd. His body was found hanging from a tree at a secluded spot near Vadhu Khurd on Wednesday morning.Speaking to TOI, inspector Patil said that Chavan wanted to marry Nishigandha, but she had refused his proposal. \"When her father fixed her marriage to someone else, Chavan was enraged,\" he said.\"On Tuesday, around 9.30 pm, Chavan barged into the Waikars' house at Kadam Chawl. He fired two shots at Nishigandha. When her father intervened, Chavan shot him as well,\" Patil said.Patil said that Nishigandha had been shot in the stomach and her father in the hand. \"After the attack, Chavan fled the spot. The neighbours informed the police and rushed the duo to a private hospital in Pune,\" Patil said. When the police arrived, they found two live and two empty cartridges at the spot. He said the police sent two teams to look for the suspect. \"On Wednesday, we found Chavan's body,\" Patil said. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12365428", "title": "Water woes: Malkapur residents get water once in 10 days", "text": "NAGPUR: Residents of Malkapur in Buldhana district are suffering like anything due to the alleged apathy of its municipal council. There is no one to listen to them and their plight is unending. Severe water scarcity ensures that they get water only for a day in ten days, especially in monsoons, and four to five days in rest of the year. Worst, old pipelines, leakage and filth make it certain that they get highly contaminated water for drinking. Moreover, open drainage system which remains unattended for years gives an open invitation to a plethora of diseases. The condition of roads is such that they have to be located in the midst of thousands of potholes.Fed up with lethargy of Malkapur Municipal Council, the residents have knocked the judiciary's doors for improving condition of this town. Lawyer Ashok Kharche, Dr Vijay Daga, farmer Chandrabhan Nile and former bus driver with MSRTC Syed Yasin, all residents of the town, have filed a PIL on behalf of citizens through their counsel VM Deshpande.The PIL was listed before a division bench comprising justices Sharad Bobde and Prasanna Varale on Wednesday. The judges sympathized with the residents stating that \"One can imagine their plight as they are receiving water once in 10 days\". Even an inquiry report of the sub-divisional officer placed before the court confirmed the petitioners' contentions. The report, while confirming severe water scarcity due to inadequate infrastructure and defective pipelines, didn't rule out the possibility of adulterated supply due to leakage. It revealed that the civic body failed to take up repair of pipeline and the contractor was delaying maintenance work for his pending arrears that worsened the situation. The report confirmed that there were many illegal connections but the council failed to stop or regularize them. On this, the judges observed that \"SDO's report indeed reflects sorry state of affairs\".Earlier, the petitioners stated that there was enough water in Purna river having Hatnur dam on it, but lack of infrastructure was the main reason for scarcity.The municipal council, while admitting factual aspects of SDO's report, said that it had submitted proposals to Maharashtra Jeevan Pradhikaran for water supply and underground drainage scheme.Town has no fire tenderMalkapur with a population of over 2 lakh, has no fire tender to douse a fire. The petitioners stated that it had one tender which was purchased for Rs 3.28 lakh. But after it was sent to Indore for repairs in 1999, it never came back. The petitioners prayed for a high-level panel comprising top government bureaucrats to inquire into the whole affair and submit a report to the court. They also demanded strict action against the officials concerned for apathy and causing loss to the municipal council.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "12365398", "title": "Congress left high and dry in Amravati", "text": "AMRAVATI: The election of the president and vice-president of zilla parishad came as a jolt for the Congress party which had emerged as single largest party after the elections. Despite getting the highest votes, Congress failed to establish its power at Amravati ZP. Surekha Thakare of NCP was elected as president while Jaikumar Patel of BJP became vice president in the election held on Wednesday.Congress had secured 25 seats of the total 59. One candidate of RPI supported Congress after which Congress needed support of four candidates to establish power. However, it could not muster even that. On the other hand, NCP and BJP made alliance with other parties to come to power. Political observers said internal differences between Congress MLAs was responsible for the fiasco.In Wednesday's election, NCP's Thakre got 30 votes, defeating Congress candidate Jyoti Arekar by two votes. One candidate was absent at the time of election. BJP's Patel defeated Rajashri Shrirao of Vidarbha Jansangram Party with an identical margin.Congress could have come to power if it had tied up with NCP as in the case of Amravati Municipal Corporation. However, NCP demanded the seats of vice-president and chairpersons of finance and construction department, Since Congress was not ready for the deal, NCP approached BJP and Sena and a new equation was struck in Amravati zilla parishad. NCP with six seats, BJP with nine seats, Shiv Sena with six seats, BSP with two seats, Prahar with two seats, independent with two seats came to power.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12362376", "title": "NRI files complaint against cops in property case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Hiren Trivedi, an NRG filed a complaint against some Naranpura police officials. Trivedi, a Canadian resident, alleged in his application that the cops had been instrumental in handing his property over to a sadhu.City police commissioner S K Saikia has initiated an inquiry into the matter following Trivedi's complaint. In his complaint, Trivedi has alleged that the Naranpura police had handed over his mother-in-law's flat to a sadhu - Chinmayanand Vasavda. He has also alleged that he was framed and arrested in the case. Trivedi told the commissioner that his father-in-law Dinesh Shah lived at a flat in Shastrinagar. His mother-in-law had died earlier. In January 2012, Shah too died. \"According to his complaint, when Shah stayed alone, he was often accompanied by the swami for daily bhajans,\" said police officials.Dinesh has two daughters who have immigrated to Canada. They too were in the city for Shah's last rites. After the final rites, they approached Chinmayanand and asked him to vacate the house. The swami refused and said that he had created a religious trust and that Shah was one of the trustees.However, swami was later forced to evict after which, the deceased's children also locked the house. Chinmayanand then approached the Naranpura police and registered a complaint against all the family members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12362573", "title": "CBI gives MLAs a miss in Gopalgarh violence probe", "text": "JAIPUR: The CBI appears to be laidback in probing the Gopalgarh violence where 10 Meo Muslims were killed, pushing the state to the threshold of communal hostility.The investigating agency's causal approach in nailing down the masterminds of the violence was evident from the fact that till date it has failed to contact the region's two legislators even once in the past six months. And, this despite the trial court having directed the agency to probe the role of both the legislators-Congress's Zahida Khan and BJP's Anita Singh.Khan, the Kaman legislator, said, \"The CBI has not spoken to me till date nor has even counted me as an eyewitness. It has avoided local Meo community people who were witnesses of the police firing.\"Nagar legislator Singh, too, had the same to say. \"I went to the spot that day and sat there with the various representatives to help restore peace. But in its chargesheet, the CBI has not implicated the local police and the district administration, which failed to take preventive measures.\"On September 14, 2011, members of Meo and the Gujjar communities clashed over a long-pending dispute of ownership of a village land at Gopalgarh near Bharatpur. The police resorted to firing to disperse the rioters. The incident shook the Ashok Gehlot government, with the Congress losing ground among the Muslim community in the three adjoining states of Haryana and Uttar Pradesh as well.Considering the sensitivity of the incident and the political repercussions involved, the CBI was asked to investigate the matter. The agency filed a chargesheet in the matter nearly a fortnight ago. It, however, did not name the two legislators even among the witnesses, though both of them where present at the violence scene as they, along with the government officials, were mediating with the two fighting communities' representatives.Five days ago, the special CBI court directed the agency to probe the roles of the regions' influential people, including that of legislators Khan and Singh. \"Last week, the court directed the CBI to probe the roles of the two legislators. At its own also the CBI should have taken into account the fact that Khan and Singh, along with their supporters, were camping at the Gopalgarh police station to settle the land dispute that day,\" said a local political leader, who did not wish to be identified.In its chargesheet filed on March 6, 2012, the agency left investigations against some unidentified persons pending.When contacted by TOI, the CBI officer probing the Gopalgarh violence said, \"All that I can tell you is that the matter is still under investigation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12364927", "title": "Kolkata court issues show cause notice against Go Airlines", "text": "KOLKATA: The Calcutta District Consumer Dispute Redressal Forum, Unit-1, has slapped a show-cause notice on Go Airlines (India) Ltd based on a complaint by sitar maestro Shahid Parvez Khan. The airline has been directed to appear before the forum on April 19, 2012, and show cause why action should not be taken against it for professional incompetence, as complained by the Padma Shri awardee through his counsel Mohan Krishna Ghosh and Soumya Mukherjee.The internationally-acclaimed sitarist was to travel from Lucknow to Pune by GoAir flight No G8-352 on December 4, 2010. The flight was scheduled to depart at 8.30am. Khan, in his complaint, claimed that he and his son reached the airport well in advance but came to know that the flight had taken off at 6.25am.Khan claimed that he tried to communicate with the airline through e-mail on several occasions but there was no redressal. tnnHe denied the claims by the airline company that passengers of the flight had been informed of the change in schedule through voice calls and SMSs. He produced the e-tickets in which the flying time between Lucknow to Pune (with a stopover at Delhi) was mentioned as 1 hour 50 minutes. The sitarist told the forum that the flying time could not be less than 3 hours 10 minutes. The wrong timing mentioned on the tickets was evidence enough of professional incompetence on the part of the airline, Khan contended.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12366644", "title": "I-T department gets new unit to snoop on high-value deals", "text": "CHENNAI: The Centre has spawned a new unit under the Income Tax department to ferret out racketeers who fund terrorism , narcotic trade , money laundering , and curb spread of fake currency.The new unit, the Intelligence and Criminal Investigation (I&CI; ) wing , will be located at eight places across the country - Chennai , Mumbai , Kolkata , Delhi, Lucknow , Jaipur , Chandigarh and Ahmedabad.The unit in Chennai , functioning out of an annexe in Ayakar Bhavan in Nungambakkam , will look after Tamil Nadu , Andhra Pradesh , Kerala and Karnataka . Its staff will snoop on individuals and business entrepreneurs making high-value transactions. According to I-T sources , all banks and sub-registrar offices will report to them on people depositing or registering properties valued more than Rs 50 lakh.One benefit of having all southern states under one nodal unit in Chennai is that anybody wishing to mask their transaction in any of these states won't be successful . The southern states will have intelligence units , which will function as the ears of I&CI; based in Chennai . I&CI; alone will have the powers to conduct a raid and seize illegal wealth.\"We will sift through the loads of information that will pile up on our desk and will conduct searches if necessary.These people better have their source of income handy ,\" a senior IT officer in Chennai said.\"We are keeping close tabs on the corporate , politicians and business persons ,\" another official said . The public too can share information with I&CI; through phone or fax. Phone number is 044-2833 8453 or fax at 044-28338451.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12366975", "title": "Ravi Dubey is on a 'triple' high!", "text": "TV actor Ravi Dubey who is playing Tej in television show Saas Bina Sasural that airs on Sony is ecstatic on the completion of three hundred episodes of the show.The show is male dominated, and he enjoys the adulation and ratings of the show that are quite stable. Recently female actors are being included in the show gradually.He says, \"When you put so much effort, love and passion into an endeavor and you see it touching and surpassing milestones. It's needless to say; it is a source of great pride and joy not just me but all of us who are a part of this trailblazing show. We all just feel and hope that Saas Bina Sasural touches unprecedented heights.\"Well Ravi we wish you all the best and hope your wish comes true and in an era when many shows don't even reach hundred episodes mark to hit triple century is an achievement. #", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12362378", "title": "CRRI roped in for BRT study", "text": "NEW DELHI: A week after the Delhi high court ordered the city government to carry out a fresh study on the effectiveness of the bus rapid transit (BRT) corridor, Central Road Research Institute (CRRI) has been approached to conduct the study. A senior government official said, \"A basic level meeting has already been held with CRRI, where the terms of reference for the study were discussed. By March 30, the agreement should be finalized.\" Sources said the study period was six weeks, with CRRI expected to submit the report by May 1.The study will focus on the 5.8km stretch of the Ambedkar Nagar-Delhi Gate BRT which is functional till Moolchand at present. The study will not only cover the number of vehicles in each lane of the BRT, but also the number of people using each lane, a comparative analysis of the average speed on the BRT corridor and other prominent traffic stretches in the city as well as the measures needed to improve the system. \"The study will also look into the safety aspects of the BRT corridor vis-a-vis other corresponding traffic-heavy stretches,\" the official said.The government has delayed the start of work on new corridors. It had earlier approved 14 new corridors for the city, many of which will be going through extremely congested areas. However, despite the approval no work had taken place as the chief minister had called for a review of all the BRT corridors. Sources said that DIMTS has been asked to give a presentation on the concept to the CM, which is yet to take place. DIMTS incidentally is the agency which operates and maintains the Ambedkar Nagar BRT.The decision to hire an agency to conduct a new study of the corridor comes after the court dismissed the four-year-old study that was carried out by EMBARQ for the transport department. The study had been conducted in June 2008 and submitted in 2009, prompting the court to ask the transport department for a fresh look at the traffic chaos along the BRT corridor. At that time, the court had observed, \"We have been receiving complaints from judges at Saket court complex that they get delayed for work due to the traffic congestion on the BRT. It was seen as a solution, but the remedy seems to be worse than the disease,\" the bench had observed, calling the corridor chaotic. HC's observations came on a PIL seeking permission for autorickshaws and cars to run on the special corridor reserved for buses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12362574", "title": "CM unveils big budget plan", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government's budget estimates for 2012-13 proposes a bigger budget size and an ambitious tax collection target than the current fiscal that ends on March 31.Budget estimates for the next fiscal have pegged the expenditure target at Rs 30,970 crore, which is higher than the last outlay of Rs 27,067 crore. To meet expenses, the state proposes to raise revenue from taxes of Rs 24,310 crore, which is Rs 4,000 crore more than the revenue mop-up this fiscal.Chief minister Sheila Dikshit gave these figures in the Assembly while seeking a vote on account to enable the government to meet essential expenditure till budget for 2012-13 is passed after the April 15 MCD polls. With the model code of conduct in force, announcement of schemes, policies and development projects is not allowed.The vote-on-account was passed amid protests from BJP members, who stormed the well of the House and shouted slogans against the government.Dikshit, who holds the finance portfolio, said she will present a more detailed statement on the government's fiscal performance, policies, priorities, development programmes and tax proposals while presenting a regular budget.The budget estimates for expenditure in 2012-13 includes Rs 15,000 crore as plan outlay approved by the Planning Commission. This is 5.63% higher than the outlay for the current year, which is Rs 14,200 crore.To deliver on the proposed expenditure, the government is banking on revenue receipts of Rs 31,395 crore. While the government will declare its policies and tax proposals after MCD polls, the CM's statement hints at new taxes and also suggests the government is gearing up to ensure more stringent tax collection measures.The increase in budgetary estimates by Rs 703 crore is attributed to the investment of Rs 500 crore in power stabilization funds to BSES through Delhi Power Corporation Limited.The chief minister also told the House that the state has utilized 79% of total plan fund of Rs 14,200 crore for 2011-12 by February-end as against 67% for the same period in the last fiscal.High funds utilization shows the state government has come out of the shadow of the scam-hit Commonwealth Games.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12368547", "title": "Three house break-ins", "text": "NASHIK: Goods worth Rs 85,000 were reported stolen in a house break-in in Shinde village, Nashik Roadpolice jurisdiction. Eknath Jadhav (40) of Shinde Village, who owns a shop - Sagar Dress there said that the theft occurred between 9pm and 8 am on March 19 -20. The thieves allegedly broke-open the shutter of the shop. The Nashik Road police have registered an offence in this regard.In another incident jewellery worth Rs 45,000 was stolen on March 19. Complainant Ajam Khan, a resident of Misbah Residence, Sainath Nagar, alleged that between 5.00 am of March 19 and 2.00 pm of March 20 unidentified thieves broke open the lock of his house and decamped with the stole away the jewellery kept in a cupbooard inside.In the third incident, Yogesh Maral (20) a resident of the Vitthal nursery area of Satpur has been accused of stealing transformer cables worth Rs 10,600. Complainant Pradeep Kolhje of Datar Row House, near Tractor House, alleged that the accused, who was working as a watchman at the tower of a telephone company, broke opened the store room of the tower and stole the transformer cables. The case is being investigated by the Satpur police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12365935", "title": "Maharashtra government suspends two IAS officers accused in Adarsh scam", "text": "MUMBAI: Senior IAS officers Pradeep Vyas and Jairaj Phatak have been placed under suspension pending investigation in the Adarsh Housing Society scam, Maharashtra government informed the Bombay high court on Thursday. While Vyas was the collector of Mumbai, Phatak was city municipal commissioner when the scam took place.According to the CBI, Vyas (49), during his tenure as Collector from August 2002 to May 2005, allegedly connived with other accused and accepted false documents as proof of income and granted membership to those who were not eligible. His wife Seema Vyas, also an IAS officer , has a flat in the posh Adarsh building.Vyas, a 1989 batch officer was arrested for his alleged role in the scam yesterday.Phatak is alleged to have allowed the height of the building in upmarket Colaba to be raised beyond 100 metres without the approval of the High-Rise Committee of the municipal body. His son received a flat in the Adarsh Society building allegedly as quid pro quo.The high court is hearing a batch of public interest litigations filed by social activists Simpreet Singh and Pravin Wategaonkar seeking monitoring of the probe by the High Court and invoking provisions of Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA) in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12364992", "title": "Rajya Sabha election: Congress treads with caution on Mannan", "text": "KOLKATA: Numbers do not favour Congress candidate for the Rajya Sabha from West Bengal Abdul Mannan. Mannan is three votes behind the minimum first preference votes of the Trinamool candidates. Even independent candidate Hamidur Rahman, whom the party took for granted, has left it guessing till the day of election.Yet state Congress MLAs don't want to let the 42 first preference votes go waste. And Mannan kept hoping against hope that he might get at least some second preference votes from the Left camp. But the Congress high command doesn't look comfortable fighting a battle against Trinamool chief Mamata Banerjee and antagonize her further.Congress general secretary, in charge of West Bengal, Shakeel Ahmed is going to Jharkhand on Thursday. If this is any indication to what is in store, Mannan may be asked to pull out of the fray on Thursday, the last date of withdrawing nomination.The issue gained momentum after Congress Legislative party leader Md Sohrab on Wednesday wrote to Congress president Sonia Gandhi saying a Congress candidate has the backing of 42 + 1 independent MLA for its nominated candidate Abdul Mannan for the polls. CLP leader Sohrab said, \"My opinion was sought. I have sent the letter signed by 42 Congress legislators and also mentioned that we have the support of one independent MLA. But I have left it on the party leadership to take a final call.\"Sohrab's opinion was sought after Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee , AICC members Shakeel Ahmed and R C Khuntia and West Bengal Pradesh Congress president Pradip Bhattacharya failed to come up with a decision even after meeting twice - on Tuesday night and this morning. Shakeel said: \"It was decided that we will not seek any help from the Left Front or allied parties.\" According to Khuntia, as of now, Abdul Mannan remains the candidate. \"We are very hopeful that he will win.\"But the path to victory appears seemingly impossible based on the stand adopted by respective parties. Even Hamidur Rehman, the independent candidate in North Dinajpur's Chopra (who, according to Sohrab will support them) kept the card close to his heart. Rehman said, \"I have been receiving feelers. I have not decided. Had the Congress been so sure of me, they could have given me a ticket in the first place instead of running around now. I will take a decision a day before the elections after consulting my block leadership.\"Congress, if it goes without Left support, would desperately need all the votes it could muster. That would mean Gorkha Janamukti Morcha's three votes, a GJM-backed independent Wilson Champramari and others which may include SUCI (Communist)'s lone MLA and another Samajwadi Party MLA. Roshan Giri, GJM general-secretary, said: \"No, the Congress didn't approach us. We are very clear on our stand to boycott the Rajya Sabha polls to protest Trinamool as they are not paying heed to our request to support a candidate from the Hills.\" Tarun Kanti Naskar, SUCI (Communist) said: \"A decision on the voting will be taken by my central committee. It has not been communicated to me. But none has approached us for any support, to my knowledge.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12362696", "title": "DU council\u2019s final call: Ban to stay", "text": "NEW DELHI: The ban on A K Ramanujan's essay called 'Three Hundred Ramayanas' was made final in the meeting of the executive council of Delhi University on Wednesday.The council approved the decision to do away with the essay with just one dissent vote in the meeting. Even as students and teachers carried out protests, the debate on Ramanujan's essay was put to rest by the EC.The decision was also passed in the academic council meeting on Tuesday. Students representing left-backed SFI had even held a protest march from the Arts Faculty to the VC's office, opposing the decision to drop the essay while the AC meeting was still on.EC also ratified the UGC guidelines passed in 2010, paving the way for appointment of assistant professors in DU colleges. The council also approved the salary entitlement for teachers who go on a study leave or short assignments. Those earning $40,000 annually will get no salary while on leave. Teachers who earn anything between $15,000 and $40,000 will continue receiving half of their salary, while those earning below that limit will get full salary.\"We were demanding that anyone earning up to $50,000 annually should keep getting at least half of their salary. What EC has approved is a healthy but moderate step. The proposal will now be sent to UGC for approval,\" said EC member Rajib Ray.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "12365199", "title": "Century-old lake to get new life", "text": "SALEM: If everything goes well, the century-old Panaimaratupatti Lake in Salem will spot a new look. The city corporation has set aside Rs 25 crore in the forthcoming budget to reclaim and develop the lake into a tourist spot. Panaimaratupatti, about 15 km away from Salem city, is the largest water body in the district, spread across 2,400 acres.\"As part of the renovation, various works including lake de-silting, bank strengthening, construction of approach roads and building of centenary arch will be taken up. A Delhi-based private company has been entrusted to prepare a project for the renovation,\" said mayor S Soundappan.The lake was annexed to the Salem municipality in 1905 to meet the irrigation and drinking water requirements of the civic body. Till the late 1980s it was a major source of water for 10 neighbouring villages. It was maintained well until it started being replenished by the Cauvery River, when it fell into the hands of encroachers.Former chairman and present vice-chairman of Panaimaratupatti town panchayat K Balachandran said, \"About 90% of the land belonging to the lake has been encroached upon by local landowners and farmers\". These encroachers have dug nearly 450 wells in the area and started farming activities. The lake bed, which is completely lost to the encroachers, now has 2,500 coconut trees and 200 tamarind trees.Before 1970, parents refuse to marry their daughter to Rasipuram municipal area, 27 km from Salem, due to the water scarcity in the area. Later an agreement was signed between Rasipuram and Salem municipalities to share water from the Panamarutupatti lake.\"It was done in 1970s, when my mother Maragatham Thiyagarajan was the councilor and Ramakrishnan was chairman of Salem municipality,\" said Baby Geethanjali, a resident of Gugai in Salem. During those days Panaimaratupatti was so fertile. Various products, including flowers like oleander , rose, crossandra, and grains like blackgram, turmeric, banana were grown and was exported to Bombay, she said.When the encroachments went unabated, a few activists started to protest. D Kaliyaperumal, a resident from Panaimaratupatti filed a PIL in Madras high court in 2004 against the encroachment. \"Even the high court ordered for eviction, but the encroachments continued. Eviction orders were executed only after the contempt petition was filed before the high court,\" he said. Encroachments were removed with the help of then MLA Vijayalakhsmi Palanisamy and then SP Pon Manickavel and the boundary was fenced in 2005.Though during the previous AIADMK government initiated some works, it was put on cold storage after the change of government.The residents have welcomed the corporation move. B Devaki, former chairman of Panaimaratupatti town panchayat, who had voiced her concerns about the lake during her tenure said, \"It has a catchment area of nearly 700 acres. Tree saplings will be planted in the remaining part of the land and it will be developed into a tourist spot like that of Yercaud or Kodaikanal\".D Kaliyaperumal, who filed the PIL said, \"The Corporation's move is welcomed. However, almost all streams from which the lake received water, are been encroached upon. Only if encroachments are removed, the lake will get adequate water.\"Salem: The century old lake, 'Panaimaratupatti Lake' 15 the Salem city is going to be the best tourism spot in Salem very soon. For which, the Salem corporation will make a proposal worth Rs.25 crore. 'Panaimaratupatti lake' is one and only lake in the Salem district, having a vast area which has the surface of nearly 2,400 acre.To cater the water requirement for the purposes of irrigation, drinking, etc of the then Salem Municipality (now Salem corporation), it was alienated to the Salem municipality in 1905 by the Chennai presidency. The lake which gave fertility to the lands in nearly ten villages, spread around 10 k.m from Panaimaratupatti, since its function from 1911 to 1980s. After which it noticed degradation over the years.The local resident, the former chairman and the present vice-chairman of the Panaimaratupatti town panchayat K. Balachandran said, \"the lake was properly maintained till the arrival of Cauvery water. After that the lake was not maintained properly. Meanwhile, the lake went into the hands of encroachers gradually. 90 percent of the land, belong to the lake, was encroached by the local land lords and the remaining by the farmers\".\"They trespassed into the land and dug nearly 450 wells in the land by which they actively involved in farming activities\", he said. The lake has now got nearly 2,500 coconut trees, 200 tamarind trees which are grown over the years. Bfore that, the lake has extended its great help to the bridegrooms in Rasipuram municipality which is 27 kilometer away from Salem. Baby Geethanjali of Gugai in Salem said that the parents will not give their daughters to the bridegrooms in Rasipuram because of Rasipuram's water scarcity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12366873", "title": "Committee blames cops, civic body for hawking menace", "text": "CHENNAI: The hawking menace along busy stretches in the city is due to the failure of the city police and corporation authorities , the court-appointed Hawkers Committee has stated , adding that officials were 'encouraging' hawkers in some places .In a report filed before the first bench of the Madras high court comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam , the committee chairman and former judge Justice A Ramamurthi said : \"Inspite of directions from the committee , officials of the Corporation and the police department have failed to implement them from 2008 . Several communications were sent to the corporation as well as the commissioner of police to evict the unauthorized hawkers who continued to trade in the same areas after eviction .\"The present reportwasfiled before the high court, pursuant to the court's direction dated March 9, on contempt of court proceedings initiated by social activist 'Traffic' Ramasamy , who said officials were in connivance with encroachers and hawkers .After the corporation commissioner admitted that encroachers tended to return to the same spot within a few days of eviction , the court gave specific directions to the deputy commissioner of police , Flower Bazaar , to ensure that the hawkers do not return to the high court vicinity including NSC Bose road .In his present report, Justice Ramamurthi discussed the issue in respect of every hawker-prone area in the city , and said several of his orders had not been heeded by civic officials .He said that 87 hawkers in thecrowdedZenis Streetin Saidapet were given identity cards and relocated, the entire marketisstillunder theoccupation of unauthorizedhawkers,leading to severe traffic congestion. He said authorities were yet to take any step to make the area no-hawking zone .Similarly, the L B Road area and Marutheeswarar Temple tank in Tiruvanmiyur too were crowded because the officials are unable to find out an alternative site for the hawkers . As for Shenoy Nagar and Aminjikarai main road , though hawkers were identified and given accommodation took they had not yet moved to the alternative site and instead were continuing their business in thesame area.Purasawalkam high road and Egmore railway station too suffered the similar fate, he said , adding that the Lilly Pond Complex was not maintained properly , as unlawful activities were going on in thesecond and third floors . Though alternative accommodation was identified at Link road for hawkers of Anna Salai they had not yet shifted to the new place. The police, corporation and the highways department authorities have not taken any steps to evict them from Anna Salai, Ramamurthi lamented .The first bench is expected to address all these issues, and pass a comprehensive order in the matter by next week .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12367021", "title": "Paoli Dam-Gulshan Devayiah, take on censor board", "text": "\"Main iss shehar ki sabse badi randi ban-na chahti hoon (I want to the biggest whore in town)...I f..k those who f...k with me.\" These are not lines from a blue film, but Bengali sizzler Paoli Dam's dialogues in Vivek Agnihotri's 'uncensored trailer' of 'Hate Story' which is currently gone viral on the internet.There are also repeated sequences of Paoli going nude and a rather unsettling shot of actor (Joy Sengupta) grabbing her upper torso.And if you think this is just for the internet, then wait. Agnihotri, actress Pallavi Joshi's husband who has earlier made the thriller 'Chocolate' and the football film 'De Dana Dan Goal', is not going to let the censorboard chop off any of the nudity or profanity in the trailer, let alone the film.Says Agnihotri, \"My film is not one of those Bollywood erotic thrillers where we see a glimpse of a bra strap or a silhouette of a woman's underwear, or tantalizing peek at the cleavage or the thigh. My actress is nude on camera. We've gone all the way thanks to my lead pair Paoli Dam and Gulshan Davaiya who didn't hesitate in getting naked for the camera. Paoli is a profound actress with no inhibitions about her body. A rare combination. Our profound actresses are all middleaged. The last one was Kajol .\"If the content and the actors are so unabashed in the celebration of sexuality, the director sees no reason for the censor to get coy. \"Let them decide. My film is as bold as the German erotic thrillers. There's no coyness about the sex act. If my heroine aspires to be a randi she says so...and why should she not? It's the characters that's stripping and saying all those things. I am unwilling to dilute the content. If the censorboard asks for the trailer to be toned down I'll withdraw the trailer.\"So far love-making scenes in Hindi films have always been kept under covers. We hear the rule has changed, and how!The hot and uninhibited Bengali actress Paoli Dam already known for her no-holds-barred nudity in Bengali cinema, has apparently gone all the way with her co-star Gulshan Devaiya (of 'Shaitaan' fame) in 'Hate Story'.Apparently the love scenes were done without a smudge of fudging.Says Agnihotri, \"I had explained to Paoli that I didn't want to sham the nudity or the love-making. She understood what her character was supposed to do. I expected my leading man to be shy. Usually in our films it's the male who has more inhibitions about stripping, kissing and love-making. There's too much performance anxiety in the male. Gulshan was every bit as unabashed as Paoli. What we've captured in the film is the kind of explicit love-making never seen in Hindi films.\"Agnihotri hopes the censorboard would display as much maturity in evaluating the high erotic-content of his film as it deserves.\"This is a film about sex and sexuality.The actors don't fake the nudity and the love-making. If they are acknowledging their authentic intentions why should the censorboard negate them?\" reasons Agnihotri.The Hate Story: The Censor AngleThat Agnihotri can so openly and fearlessly put out a steamy sexually graphic UNCENSORED trailer of 'Hate Story' on the internet, is proof of how easily the censorial rules can be bypassed.We have it from reliable sources from within the government that the censorboard intends to make rules against putting on the internet uncensored film footage from forthcoming projects. Sources within the censorboard feel there's a lot of ambiguity on what can be put on the net without censorial intervention and at the moment the government is in no mood to check any flow of content lest the decision proves unpopular.Sources say that that Censorboard Of Film Certification is planning to very shortly raise this issue with the government so that there is more clarity on whether exhibition on You Tube and similar internet sites could be included in the definition of public exhibition as defined in the Cinematograph Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12365707", "title": "University to start admission in MA Sociology from new session", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad University will undertake admission for MA Sociology from the coming academic session.Having around 30 seats for MA Sociology, the sociology department has done all the homework related to admission. The Academic Council and Executive Council of AU had given a green signal for said course last year but the university could not start the admission process.Head, sociology department, Prof A Satyanarayan told TOI that the course will be divided into four semesters. There will be four theory papers in semester I, each of 100 marks -- 30 marks external and 70 of end semester. The three papers will cover topics like basic sociological concepts, emergence and growth of sociology, techniques of data collection, Indian society: continuity and change while the last paper would be viva based on fieldwork/library exercises.Semester II will cover modern sociological theories, development of sociology in India, sociology of development, Political sociology, sociology of religion in India and fieldwork. Semester III will cover advanced social theories, sociology of exclusion and inclusive policies in India, agrarian studies, population studies and Gerontology, sociology of education and the fieldwork.Semester IV will include sociological research: logical and philosophical issues, sociology of health and illness, social movements, rural sociology, urban sociology, project work viva-voce based on PRA.The department is also finalising the course content which would be asked in the Combined Research Entrance Test (CRET).Prof A Satyanarayan said the syllabus for CRET would be divided into various segments basic concepts, sociological theories, research methodology, sociology in Indian context, rural sociology, industry and society, sociology of development, and gender and society.Along with MA Sociology, AU will also start MTech in nanotechnology application and Masters in Development Studies. While the MTech course, run by the Nanotechnology Application Center (NAC), will have 15 seats, the Masters in Development studies will have 20 seats and the course will be run by Centre for Globalisation and Developmental Studies.Supernumerary quota for wards of college employees: The wards of employees working in the constituent colleges of Allahabad University will now get supernumerary quota in postgraduate courses. In UG courses, the wards of employees working in the constituent colleges will get admission in their respective units where the employee concerned is working. But for those seeking admission for PG courses, these wards can avail the quota in subjects being taught at AU as PG courses are not taught at any of the constituent colleges of AU.This year, AU will come out with a single brochure having the limited information only covering the rules and syllabus related to all UG, PG, law and MBA courses and for other details like name of the course, number of seats, subject combination, fee structure, important dates for filling the forms etc. would also be available online. This step bears significance in terms of saving funds as till the current academic session, AU had published separate brochure for UG, PG, Law, MBA, BEd etc. and there were separate entrance test conducted for various courses. Coming out with single brochure and that too of limited pages, university would also check misuse of funds being given against the printing of different brochures.Moreover, if seats in any of the course being run at AU or its constituent college remain vacant the same would be filled by inviting open applications by the aspirants who have not appeared in UGAT. For giving admission in these vacant seats, the merit of class 12th would be considered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "12365313", "title": "Minor girls employed for dam construction", "text": "GONDIA: Villagers of Khadki and Rustampur in Tiroda tehsil have objected to contractors employing minor girls for constructing minor dams and alleged that they were denied job for opposing substandard work.Girls are employed even as the examination season is on as they work for much less amount as wages due to poverty. These dams are being constructed by the minor irrigation department of Gondia Zilla Parishad on the nullah of these village to store water for summer. The villagers alleged that requisite quantity of steel, cement and metal is not used. People alleged that the contractors prefer girls as they are paid less and that they do not understand what quality is.Junior engineer VG Gaydhane looking after the work was not available for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12362481", "title": "Probe to be completed in a week", "text": "A Mumbai University official said Wednesday's chaos over allotting seats to more than 2000 final-year commerce students could have resulted from the fact that it was the first attempt to provide online hall tickets.\"It was our first attempt in coordination with the Maharashtra Knowledge Corporation, which has developed a software for online admissions for the state education board. So an error in computing data is not ruled out,'' he said.A day before the final-year commerce examination, it was found that centres of over 2000 students were changed at the last moment and the change was notified on the university website through a circular . \"It was observed that against the sanctioned strength of the three colleges, 2000 additional students were allotted to these colleges.Principals of these colleges brought the goof-up to the notice of the university,'' the official said. He said a preliminary inquiry revealed that the central computing facility, led by Durgesh Narsinh Mujumdar, which was entrusted with the task of allotment of centres , did not verify the exact number of students vis-a-vis colleges, which caused the goof up. \"In our opinion, it was the responsibility of Mujumdar to ensure there was no goof up and the exact number of students were allotted to each college. There appears to be dereliction of duty,'' he said.The university official said M G Shirhatti, director of Oriental Institute Of Management Studies, Navi Mumbai, has been entrusted with the probe against Mujumdar. \"We have asked Shirhatti to complete the probe within a week and pending inquiry, Mujumdar has been suspended,'' he said.The official did not rule out sabotage, in view of the strong opposition to the massive computerisation programme. \"We are probing the sabotage theory too,'' he said. Meanwhile, governor K Sankaranarayanan, who is also the chancellor of universities in the state, has sought a report from Mumbai University. \"We have taken note of the TOI report. It's shocking. We have asked the vicechancellor to submit a report on the goof up,'' a Raj Bhavan official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12367518", "title": "Superb planning and strategy of Mahesh Babu", "text": "The superstar believes a strong foundation to be laid for a southern hero to announce his entry in Hindi cinema.Most of the Telugu audiences believe that Mahesh Babu can rule Bollywood with his extremely handsome looks that will appeal to Bollywood audience. Even directors from B town read the potential of Mahesh Babu and approached him to introduce him to Bollywood. But the actor didn't show interest in those offers as his first and foremost preference is for Telugu cinema.However, Mahesh Babu isn't completely against doing Hindi films, but what the superstar believes is a strong foundation to be laid for a southern hero to announce his entry in Hindi cinema. Mahesh is already laying roads for it. His latest Thumbs Up deal as the National ambassador is linked to Mahesh Babu's future plans. Mahesh replaced Bollywood superstar Akshay Kumar as Thumbs Up brand ambassador and he has already got enough attention by doing so.Not just the media, but people of North India have been noticing Mahesh Babu now. Mahesh is in plans to sign up few more 'exclusive' deals with popular products in the near future. After reaching that familiar note, Mahesh will surely attempt his first Bolly flick. Few kids who are about to make Bollywood debut without any proper ground prepared should learn from the mighty Mahesh Babu!Source: gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12368971", "title": "Gujarat's unique Jewish heritage to get facelift", "text": "VADODARA: Gujarat's unique Jewish heritage - the Israeli Kabrastan at Nizampura - is expected to get some permanent face-lift after years of yearning. Israel's consul general in India Orna Sagiv will be visiting the Jewish cemetery on Thursday.This is the fist visit by an Israeli official at the Jewish cemetery which has some of its graves dating back to 1850 AD.TOI has been consistently highlighting the fact that this unique heritage of the Bene Israeli community of Gujarat is facing threat of commercialization and encroachment.After TOI in December last, highlighted that the Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) had given permission to put up a hoarding on the graveyard to a private advertising agency, further exploitation has stopped.Young volunteers of the 'Friends of Israel' and Sheth Faramji Cavasji Contractor Community College have also taken up a beautification project to provide a face-lift to the cemetery by putting up solar light, resurrecting the graves and planting saplings.\"We hope that during her visit we will be able to find out a long term sustainable solution to protect this heritage,\" general secretary of the Friends of Israel Nikitan Contractor told TOI, adding that it has been proved beyond doubt that the Gaekwads who had Benne Israeli families in their court had given the land to the community for burial.Contractor added that during Sagiv's visit, the members of the community will push forward a proposal to get the cemetery declared an Archaeological Survey of India protected site.\"If ASI isn't ready to take over and maintain this site, local authorities or a group should be allowed to maintain the cemetery so this 30,000 square feet land is put to good use,\" he said.This unique heritage had first faced threat when a builder - Suresh Shinde - who has cordoned off 5,000 square feet of the land - wanted to construct a row of shops for 'development' reasons. Shinde had argued that he had purchased the land from one member of the community.Later citizens had embarked on a signature campaign to save the heritage from being sold off to builders in 2004 and two district collectors - Bhagyesh Jha and Vijay Nehra had constituted inquiries on ownership of the land. It was on Nehra's instructions that former resident deputy collector Kamal Shah had issued order on July 2009 that the land which was gifted to the community during the Gaekwadi state era cannot be considered as a private land and hence be brought under government control.The Jewish cemetery is a unique feature of Baroda which shows traces of the community's existence since the era of the Gaekwads dating back to almost 160 years. The graves of earliest German Jews lie here.What is interesting about each of them are the writings on the tomb stones. The epitaphs are engraved in three different languages - Marathi, Hebrew and English. And it is not incidental as each of these languages speak forth a history of the Bene Israeli community. History has it that a boat landed in Maharashtra centuries ago. They soon adopted the names of Maharashtra villages as their surnames. Slowly, they adopted the customs as well, while retaining some original traits. The epitaphs hence have Hebrew (their local language), Marathi (the language they adopted) and English which they eventually learnt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12362330", "title": "One more H1N1 death, toll increases to six", "text": "PUNE: The throat swab report of a 39-year-old man, who died at a city hospital two days ago, returned positive for swine flu on Wednesday, taking the death toll in the city to six in the last eight days.\"Sanjay Joshi, a resident of Sadashiv Peth, died at Sahyadri Hospital at 10 pm on March 19. His throat swab report was received on Wednesday, confirming that he was H1N1 positive,\" said S T Paredeshi, city health chief of Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC).Joshi developed symptoms of fever and cough on March 16. His condition worsened and he was admitted to Sahyadri Hospital around 11 am on March 19. He was put on ventilator support but died the same day.Elsewhere in the city, two more H1N1 infected people have become critically ill and have been put on ventilator support at Ruby Hall Clinic and Deenanath Mangeshkar Hospital (DMH). This takes the number of critically ill patients to four. Three others are critical in Pimpri-Chinchwad.\"On Wedneday, a 56-year-old man from Urali Devachi and a 22-year-old man from Dandekar Bridge area became critical,\" officials said. \"The patient at DMH has developed pneumonia while the one at Ruby Hall has respiratory distress along with cardiomyopathy, a heart muscle disease,\" they added.The extended winter in the state, the intermittent sharp disturbances during the winter to summer transition phase and declining immunity among the masses could be reasons for the rise in swine flu cases, say doctors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "midnapore/kolkata", "code": "12364773", "title": "Fire at Midnapur nursing home", "text": "MIDNAPORE/KOLKATA: Doctors had barely started doing their rounds and the first surgery had just begun at Spandan - the largest nursing home in Midnapore town - when some nurses saw smoke billowing out of the basement at 8.40am. A room next to the pharmacy was on fire. It was stacked with electric cables. The fire brigade reached within half-an-hour but the smoke had started thickening by then and was floating to the floors above. Panic rippled through the five floors.Three patients managed to get out of the elevator before the electric supply was snapped. The rest were trapped inside. Patients' kin rushed to find the five-storey building covered in smoke with no hospital employee in sight. Just as an AMRI repeat seemed imminent, locals came to the rescue. A 12-year-old boy, Bittu, was the first to smash a glass window, helping the smoke flow out. Others soon joined him and shattered most window panes, making sure that patients won't choke.Police commandos deployed on anti-Maoist operations also pitched in. Some of them rappelled up the wall to different floors and rescued several patients. One commando was injured in the rescue operation. A window of an OT was shattered and a ladder fixed to it as a makeshift bridge to the next building. The jawans helped the children crawl along the ladder to safety. By 9.30am, all the patients had been evacuated. Six fire engines took three hours to put out the blaze.Managing director Pijush Kanti Pal and directors Alok Ghosh, Monoj Pati and Partha Mandal have been arrested, said West Midnapore SP Praveen Tripathi. \"We rescued more than 40 patients. The cause of the fire is being investigated,\" said Vineet Goyal, DIG, Midnapore Range. District magistrate Surendra Gupta and the SP visited the site. Kharagpur fire brigade OC Rabindranath Sardar said Spandan did not have enough fire extinguishers. It's also not clear if it had a fire department clearance.Some patients alleged that the nursing home refused to release papers which patients needed for admission to other hospitals. Others alleged there was no cooperation from the nursing home staff. Amiya Das was distraught on not finding his 67-year-old mother in her ward.\"I searched desperately all over the building and finally found her lying on a stretcher in the car park,\" he said . Renu Das brought her 79-year-old father Gangadhar Pal from the first floor with the help of the jawans. \"The images of the AMRI tragedy flashed across my mind when I heard about the fire. It was a lucky escape but it could easily have been a disaster. The nursing home authorities should be taken to task,\" she said.At SSKM, the fire started in the emergency ward around 9am. Patients and their relatives started screaming in terror as the smoke seemed to float to the wards above. \"I was across the road, opposite the emergency block, when I noticed the smoke. I was terrified. My uncle is admitted on the floor above. The AMRI images flashed in my mind and I ran up the stairs and carried him out,\" said Paresh Naskar of Baruipur.All the patients were evacuated by locals and relatives before the fire brigade arrived. It took half an hour to douse the flames. Sources say the fire was caused by a short circuit in the AC duct. \"There was no lapse on the part of the hospital as the fire was purely accidental, caused by a short circuit. Even though the fire did not spread to other floors around 47 patients were evacuated for some time as we did not want to take any risks. All of them were put back in their respective beds after the fire was doused,\" said P K Mitra director IPGMER.Though Mitra lauded the efforts of the nurses and other staff for evacuating the patients, relatives alleged that there was no help from the hospital authorities. \"We kept running about asking for stretchers but to no avail. Patients were carried down wrapped in bedsheets or bodily lifted. There was absolute chaos. No one helped,\" said a relative of a patient in the endocrinology ward.This is the second major fire at SSKM. A cylinder blast in the canteen had killed two persons in 2007.A host of ministers, including Chandrima Bhattacharya, Madan Mitra and Firhad Hakim visited the hospital.It was round 9 am when patients spotted smoke emerging from the emergency outdoor block. The rush hour for the day in all departments including the emergency outdoor had started building up. Though the ground floor does not house any patients, the floors above have indoor wards for different departments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "punjab", "code": "12366105", "title": "Progressive farmers honoured at PAU fair", "text": "PUNJAB: Punjab Agricultural University (PAU) honoured four progressive farmers of the state with Chief Minister's award on the first day of its Golden Jubilee Kisan Mela, on Wednesday. The farmers were presented a shawl, citation, certificate and cash prize. The golden jubilee fair focuses on showcasing technologies aimed at better outreach to farmers, enhancing farmers profitability, small niches in agriculture, natural resource conservation and addressing social concerns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12363093", "title": "Newborn girl found abandoned in auto-rickshaw", "text": "BHOPAL: A newborn girl was found abandoned in an auto rickshaw in Shankaracharya Nagar here on Wednesday morning. The residents saw the baby and informed the police, who later sent the infant to Hamidia Hospital for medical examination.The police have registered a case under section 317 of IPC (crime against children by parents or others to expose or to leave them with the intention of abandonment) in this connection.Officials said the baby girl was found in an auto, belonging to one Laeek Ahmed. The auto was parked outside his house in Shankaracharya Nagar. Listening to the screams of infant, who appears to be around a week old, the residents came out of their houses and later informed the police.Meanwhile, a woman identified as Noor Jehan also expressed her whish adopt the girl, the police said, adding that the kid has been sent for medical examination. The police officials were also trying to identify the parents of the baby. Of late, such incidents mainly involving the girl child are not uncommon in the city. Similar incident had taken place in the Minal Residency recently, where a baby girl was recovered from the bushes along the roadside. A local NGO had then come forward and rescued the girl. The police officials find themselves helpless in tracing parents in most of the incidents that result in the new born kids left to the mercy of NGOs and adoption centres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12366788", "title": "12-year-old girl sold to businessman rescued", "text": "CHENNAI: In a desperate bid to stave off debtors, 33-year old Veena (name changed) sold her 12-year-old daughter to a businessman from Coimbatore . Sympathising with Veena's predicament, a sex worker informed the Indian Community Welfare Organisation (ICWO) which rescued the child.A sobbing Veena said, \"My son suffered major health complications and had to be admitted to a hospital for treatment. We spent nearly 1 lakh to treat him and borrowed another 35,000 from our neighbour. Unable to bear harassment from money lenders, my husband deserted us. With no other means, I entered the flesh trade. I was told I could make 1,000 a day.\"Veena said she heard that young girls could fetch close to 1 lakh. \"With no other go, I decided to sell my daughter.\"\"The girl was lucky. The mother would have got a pittance and the girl would have changed hands and been taken to some other city,\" said Lilly of ICWO.\"I was scared about our situation, so I told my mother I would do anything to help. We were living in a friend's house so debtors wouldn't find us. But, this aunty has agreed to help us. All I want to do is now pray for our safety and welfare,\" said the daughter .ICWO has decided to put the children up in a residential school and pay the fees. \"We will negotiate with the neighbour for more time to pay back the 35,000, says ICWO director A J Hariharan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12362579", "title": "Woman held for e-banking fraud", "text": "MUMBAI: The cyber police arrested a 40-year-old woman from Thane, an alleged beneficiary of an e-banking fraud, on Wednesday. Revati Dinesh Joshi, the accused, was booked under the IT Act.In his complaint, chartered accountant Buddivallab Sharma of Sanpada said he had a savings account with a private bank in Navi Mumbai. \"On January 25, he got a call from the bank, informing that Rs 5 lakh had been transferred to another account following a request from him,'' said the police.Sharma found out that the money had been transferred to one R D Joshi's account at Manpada, Thane. He then lodged a police complaint, saying he never asked for any transfer of money.The cops learnt that the account where the money was transferred belonged to Revati. The woman said she was a businesswoman who had been framed, but cops suspected she could be a part of aNigerian scam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12362952", "title": "Excise duty hike misread by trade: Jewellery promotion body", "text": "SURAT: Gems and Jewellery Export Promotion Council (GJEPC) said on Wednesday that apprehensions expressed by jewellers and goldsmiths that the levy of 1% excise duty would result in 'inspector raj' are totally baseless.The apex body of jewellers said in an official statement that the legislation related to the excise duty is not clear to the trade and that the levy has been made simple to keep artisans and goldsmiths outside its purview.The precious metal jewellery is leviable to state VAT and that the manufacturing units are already maintaining records and accounts for that purpose. However, the manufacturing units need not have to maintain separate records under central excise law, according to GJEPC.In the Budget for 2011-12, full exemption from central excise duty was withdrawn on 130 items which were being charged to state VAT in a bid to signal movement towards the Goods and Service Tax (GST) regime. As part of this proposal, government levied an excise duty of 1% on precious metal jewellery - but only on goods manufactured or sold under a brand name - effective from March 1, 2011.There were disputes about the interpretation of the term 'branded' jewellery as unlike other goods the brand name is not always affixed on the goods themselves. However, in order to streamline the levy, the scope of levy has been altered to include both branded and unbranded jewellery under the 1% levy of excise duty.GJEPC said the 1% excise duty is chargeable on tariff value equal to 30% of the transaction value declared on the invoice and not on the full value of the transaction. The artisans or goldsmiths who only manufacture jewellery for others on job-work need not obtain registration as the responsibility of registering with central excise authorities is of the principal manufacturer who gets the goods manufactured.Even if goldsmiths or artisans manufacture and sell jewellery, small-scale exemption is available to any manufacturer whose annual turnover in the previous year did not exceed Rs 4 crore. This means that those who manufactured up to 49 kilogram of jewellery in the previous year would be exempt from duty for clearance of 18.5 kilogram of gold this year. As a result, most small artisans and goldsmiths will remain exempt.\"The levy of 1% excise duty has been made very simple and that is not going to harm the small artisans and goldsmiths at all. On the other hand, there is a full exemption of silver jewellery, be it branded or unbranded, from the excise duty,\" said a senior officer of GJEPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12362942", "title": "Curtailment of vacation irks PU teachers", "text": "PATNA: Patna University (PU) teachers have taken strong exception to the recent university notification curtailing the forthcoming summer vacation in view of the ongoing examinations. How can the university detain all the teachers for examination-related works during the vacation without changing their service conditions and amending the University Act and statutes, they ask.As per university notification, the teachers will not seek any type of leave during the examination period from March 14 to June 30. However, under extreme conditions, leave will be sanctioned by the vice-chancellor. And, as per university calendar approved by the chancellor, there will be a month-long summer vacation from June 1 to 30 in all the universities and colleges of the state.Patna University Teachers' Association (Puta) general secretary S B Lall expressed his shock and surprise over the university's notification detaining the teachers for examination work during the vacation and said that the association would take up this matter with the VC.As summer vacation is now the only vacation for the university teachers (who get only 12 days earned leave in a year), several teachers plan their journey during this vacation. The curtailment of vacation would not only jeopardize their journey plan, but also cause financial loss to them, said Patna Science College physics teacher Anil Kumar Verma.Puta former general secretary Randhir Kumar Singh met PU registrar Vibhas Kumar Yadav here on Wednesday and urged him to get PU notification corrected and allow the teachers to avail the summer vacation as scheduled.Patna College: Patna College, which is celebrating its 150th anniversary this year, has decided to hold its annual old boys' meet on grand scale on March 25. The meet will be attended by top bureaucrats, academics and politicians. College principal Lal Keshwar Prasad Singh said that former governors D N Sahay and Siddheshwar Prasad Singh, Speaker Uday Narayan Chaudhary, ministers Chandra Mohan Ray, Vijay Kumar Chaudhary, HRD principal secretary Anjani Kumar Singh, besides former vice-chancellors and principals would grace the occasion. Sikkim governor B P Singh will deliver the Russel Momorial Lecture the same day, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12368853", "title": "Anurag Basu gets emotional about Soumitra Chatterjee", "text": "Amongst the many from the Indian film fraternity who have been rejoicing the fact that legendary actor Soumitra Chatterjee is the chosen one for Dada Saheb Phalke Award this year, is director Anurag Basu .In fact, so overwhelmed was he with the news that he could not control his tears. An emotional Anurag posted on his microblogging site, \"Tears welled up in the eyes!! Goosebumps!! God of acting - Soumitra Da finally finally getting Dada Saheb Phalke!!\"Anurag further says that Soumitra is one of the biggest names in Indian cinema. \"When the history of cinema in India will be documented, one of the very few names that will shine brightly is Soumitrada's. He is not just an actor, he is one of the key engineers who shaped the Indian film industry of what it is today.\"Ruing the fact that he, like many others, have not had the chance to work with the senior actor, Anurag says, \"We, in the Hindi film industry never had any chance to work with him, and of course that is our loss, but I am very happy today that this legend called Soumitra Chatterjee is honoured with this award at his zenith, from where he has never come down ever!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12365379", "title": "Studying Shah Commission report on Goa: Union min", "text": "PANAJI: Responding to a query by Rajya Sabha MP Shantaram Naik, Union minister of state for mines Dinsha Patel has said he has received Shah Commission's report on mining in Goa and is studying the same.Patel said he is awaiting reports pertaining to other states. While adding that there is a six-month period to lay the report on the table of the House, Patel said the government would try and do it earlier, but he would have to study the report first.Naik had raised the issue during question hour on Monday. Naik also sought to know how the commission submitted the report in part, when there is no provision in the law for the same. There should either be an interim report or a final report, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12362827", "title": "Curtains fall on Shakuntalam: Tryst with art cinema ends", "text": "NEW DELHI: Despite mushrooming of swanky multiplex theatres in the city, the humble Shakuntalam at Pragati Maidan has stood its ground over the years, almost frozen in time. It has a single screen, modest canteen , and no usher to take orders directly from your seats. But this nostalgic charm will soon be lost when the theatre closes its doors at the end of this month to make room for a conference hall.\"We started the theatre in 1981 to popularize trade fairs and the venue-Pragati Maidan-but we don't need to any longer. We are falling short of space for conferences in business-to-business fairs, and since our main job is to promote trade, we cannot hinder it,\" says P C Sharma , general manager, India Trade Promotion Organisation . Efforts to increase space for conferences and conventions began two years ago, when the lease of the restaurant , Phulwari, expired. Since then, several old buildings on the premises have been marked for redevelopment into conference halls, to add to the two existing facilities at the grounds.Shakuntalam is just another casualty in the process. The theatre, in its initial days, screened special films-classics , Oscar winners, retrospectives of famous directors-and catered to a niche audience for world cinema . With no DVD releases or exclusive film channels in the 90s, these screenings were the only way for them to view, for a small price, such art films. But, in the last decade , the focus has shifted to mainstream films.Although Sharma says they are not in the business of promoting culture, the clutch of regular patrons for such cinema mourns the closing of the theatre, calling it the end of a glorious era. Painter M P Singh has been watching movies at Shakuntalam for 20 years, and says he only rarely goes to the bigger theatres. \"I like the ambience , the staff is helpful and familiar, and watching a film here feels like home. The crowd is not noisy, and I feel at peace,\" he says. With incredibly low prices-Rs 60 and Rs 80-and comfortable, reclining seats, watching a film here is a real bargain, he says. He's clearly not the only one. Sharma says he has been getting emails from people, requesting not to shut down the theatre.Even the staff at the theatre is sorry to see it go. Vinod Kumar, a technician there, says he will miss the people he served for 28 years. When the theatre adopted UFO technology in 2008, which allowed them to receive live feeds from Mumbai that they can download and play from a computer, his job profile changed. But his attachment to the place didn't . It didn't hurt that he got to see all the latest releases, he says.Bhupal Singh, who runs the canteen, says he recognizes some of the regulars. Unlike the food counters at most theatres, where you can get anything from popcorn to pizza, the menu at the canteen here remains old school--burgers , biscuits, sandwiches , tea, coffee, cold drinks, and their \"famous\" a l o o patties. Although the 306-seat theatre is rarely packed, the regulars sing praises of the simple food and the friendly canteen manager. It seems the films are not all that they will miss.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12368885", "title": "Board of Secondary Education to revamp curricula", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Board of Secondary Education (Seba) is planning to revamp the present curricula and an 11-member core committee has been formed to monitor and give suggestions regarding the changes that could be made in the structure and content of existing courses so as to enable students to compete at the national level.Seba chairman Shantikam Hazarika said, \"Seba adopted the National Curriculum Framework 2005 (NCF 2005) and updated its syllabus, which was introduced in Class IX in 2009 and Class X in 2010. The board was also directed to introduce the NCERT syllabus in schools but we are not sure whether this would work at the school level as the syllabus is a bit urban-centric and a large number of schools under Seba are attended by students belonging to the underdeveloped strata of the society,\" he said.The higher secondary-level NCERT syllabus and textbooks have already been adopted, but whether introducing the NCERT curriculum at the secondary level would benefit students of the region is still debatable, he said.\"There are many schools in remote areas where teachers may not be adequately trained to teach a national-level curriculum. So, instead of this, we are planning to make the curricula of classes IX and X more innovative in order to enable the students to adjust to the all-India level higher secondary syllabus,\" Hazarika said.The committee would discuss such issues and would try to introduce the required changes in the curricula so that everyone is benefited. \"The 11-member committee consists of academicians from Gauhati University, Dibrugarh University, Tezpur University, retired teachers from different schools and also the former director of Omeo Kumar Das Institute of Social Change and Development. The final decision would be taken by the end of March as by then we would have all the valuable inputs and we would proceed accordingly,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12364231", "title": "Former DMK minister's house raided", "text": "CHENNAI: vigilance and anti-corruption officials conducted searches at the residences of the former DMK minister E V Velu and his kin's places in Chennai and Tiruvannamalai on Thursday.Police teams led by deputy superintendents of police (DSPs')went to seven places in the city and raided at the places from Thursday morning onwards. Following specific information that Velu has accumulated in his name and in the name of his family members, assets disproportionate to his known sources of income when he was holding the post as food and civil supplies minister for the state during the DMK regime and as the MLA of Tiruvannamalai constituency.Vigilance and anti-corruption of Vellore unit registered a case against Velu and his kins under Sections 13(2) r/w 13(1)(e) of Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988 on the allegation that he has accumulated movable and immovable assets in his name and in the name of his family members, disproportionate to his known sources of income during the period April 1, 2006 - March 31, 2010 to the tune of Rs.26.30 lakh while he was holding the post of Minister for Food.During the investigation, searches are being conducted at the house belonging to Velu in Alwarpet in Chennai, another in Bavaji Nagar, Thiruvannamalai Town, a house belonging to Thayarammal in Thandarampattu, Tiruvannamalai, another house belonging to Velu and his son located within Arunai Engineering College complex at Thenmathur in Thiruvannamalai District.Similar raids were conducted at Arunai Engineering College office and Jeeva Velu International School office, Kamban Arts and Science college, Sarasawathi Ammal Educational Trust, Located within Arunai Engineering College complex, Thenmathur, Thiruvannamalai District.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12362183", "title": "Two minors detained for murder", "text": "PUNE: The Sahakarnagar police on Wednesday detained two minors for their alleged involvement in the murder of an 18-year-old youth.Investigations have revealed that the two, who are cousins, had bludgeoned Rahul alias Buva Ankush Thakar (18) of Bibvewadi to death on March 15, as Thakar used to harass one of the suspect's sister.The Sahakarnagar police on March 16 had found the body of Thakar in a canal on Pune-Satara road. The identity of the deceased could not be ascertained as his head was badly smashed.The police managed to identify the victim only after showing the photograph of the body to several people in the jurisdiction. \"Dattatreya Thakar, brother of Thakar came to the police and informed them that his brother was missing since March 15. When we showed him the body at Sassoon General Hospital, he immediately confirmed his identity,\" said senior police inspector Kamalakar Takawale of the Sahakarnagar police station.The police have received a tip-off that two minors were involved in the murder. \"Both of them were untraceable since March 16. We detained one from Aundh and another from Mumabi on Wednesday,\" Takawale said.During questioning the duo confessed to their involvement. \"On March 15, the duo had called Thakar to have liquor. Once he got drunk, they bludgeoned him to death,\" Takawale said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "nadia", "code": "12364963", "title": "Two held for abducting Nadia trader", "text": "NADIA: Two persons were nabbed from Bagnan in Howrah on Tuesday for abducting a Nadia-based businessman. The duo was produced in Ranaghat court on Wednesday. Police also managed to rescue the businessman, Kamal Biswas. While the accused alleged that Kamal had failed to arrange for their jobs despite being paid a hefty amount, Kamal denied the charges.\"It was a case of kidnap for ransom and we are looking for the kingpinof the case,\" SP Nadia Sabyasachi Raman Mishra said.The duo was identified as Balaram Naskar and Gobinda Biswas.Kamal runs an agency of sending people abroad for jobs. He went missing since Sunday afternoon.On Sunday night his wife Suprabha received a call from Kamal's cell phone wherein a person claimed to have kidnapped him and demanded Rs 5 lakh for his release. Following the call, Suprabha lodged a complaint with Gangnapur police on Monday.Police then initiated an investigation and nabbed Balaram Naskar and Gobinda Biswas the duo Balaram Naskar and Gobinda Biswas from Howrah.\"We arrested the duo and rescued Kamal Biswas safely on Tuesday. They were produced in Nadia's Ranaghat court on Wednesday,\" Mishra said.While Naskar reportedly claimed that the duo had given Kamal lakhs of rupees to arrange for their jobs aborad, Kamal denied the charges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12362614", "title": "After 8pm, party ends for women", "text": "GURGAON: It's a city of jobs, not joy, night shifts, not nightlife, for the thousands of young, educated women who have found employment here, a TOI exclusive survey has revealed.The survey of girls and women aged 16-29 years by market research firm Ipsos found that women do not feel safe on any of Gurgaon's major roads. In fact, all the respondents said they find the city unsafe as a whole, and 8pm is their self-imposed curfew hour.For all its malls, pubs and eating joints, the city's nightlife hub, MG Road, is also perceived as the most unsafe place by women. Sikandarpur Chowk is considered the second worst, with 32% respondents saying they feel at risk there.Rajiv Chowk, Iffco Chowk, and the upscale residential areas of Palam Vihar and Golf Course are also considered unsafe.\"Since the city moves in personal vehicles, you can't spot a single person on the road while passing through these areas. There is a great risk of being targeted by hooligans as they know they can get away even after committing a crime.So, until one of my family members arrives to pick me up from the Huda City Centre Metro station I don't even step out,\" said Ritika Mehrotra, who works in a bank in Delhi.The survey, done between March 16 and 18 after the recent abduction and gang rape of a pub worker, shows that women avoid stepping out of home after sundown, belying Gurgaon police's claim that the rape case has been 'blown out of proportion'.While 55% respondents said they do not wish to go out after 7pm, another 45% said 8pm is their outer limit for going out alone. The survey also shows local men in a poor light with 89% respondents saying they feel men in Gurgaon are 'inherently' less respectful towards women.These perceptions have restricted women's entertainment options in the city, the survey shows - 68% respondents said they avoid going to a pub or the movies after 10pm.Most respondents also said they do not go out alone after dark while 43% said they go out only in a large group or at least accompanied by a male member from the family.\"Pubs are crowded with the newly moneyed youths from nearby villages and their friends from far off areas like Bhiwani and Rohtak. You can't expect them to conform to our standards of public behaviour, more so when they get drunk.\"Now, I prefer having a drink at home to going to a pub or daring to visit a bar late at night,\" said RK Singh of Sushant Lok-I.The survey respondents said greater police presence and deployment of PCR vans, besides adequate outdoor CCTV surveillance, will help improve women's confidence.\"Early closing of bars and pubs, and vigil on secluded/ lonely stretches\" will make the city safer for women, the survey has recommended.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "12362991", "title": "3 of gang held for 6 murders in Ulhasnagar", "text": "THANE: The Ulhasnagar crime branch has arrested three persons for being allegedly involved in the murder of six persons, including three senior citizens, as well as robberies that took place in the city over the last two years.A probe revealed that the accused used scissors to attack and kill their victims; they would then escape with money, ornaments and other valuables. Those arrested were identified as Jaysingh alias Raja Mudliyar (25), Sanny Ramu Chavan (25) and Ankush alias Ankya Sitape alias Sitapare (23). The police said the trio worked in a catering unit and lived in Ulhasnagar and Diva.From December 2010 to January 2012, the trio allegedly murdered six persons-Maya Vasumal Kukreja (70), Govardhan Dhanwani (65), Kavita Dhanwani (55), Krishnadevi Shaukimal Lund (70), Dadauram Chunkan (52) and Krishnachand Mishra (34).Thane police commissioner K P Raghuvanshi said: \"The gang would collect information about their targets before attacking them.\" In February, said Raghuvanshi,sleuths nabbed four persons in connection with Mishra's murder. During probe, the names of four others cropped up. When the cops grilled them, they learnt about the Mudliyar gang and arrested its members. A pair of scissors and valuables worth Rs 5.7 lakh were seized. Raghuvanshi said the accused might be booked under MCOCA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12363394", "title": "Melody, masti rock Mirchi music awards", "text": "MUMBAI: The A R Rahman composed musical Rockstar swept the fourth edition of the Royal Stag Mirchi Music Awards, picking up five awards for its mesmerising songs. The rumbustious score of The Dirty Picture, scored by Vishal-Shekhar, was at a close second with four awards, while Ra.One and Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara picked up two awards each.The event, held at the Bhavans College ground in Andheri on Wednesday, was attended by the creme de la creme of the music world. Singer Usha Uthup, who anchored the show along with Shaan, arrived disguised as Luscious Lopez with a frizzy wig and did such a phenomenal rendition of Senorita with him that the audience couldn't stop cheering. Mika had an equally colourful entry: he landed amid the audience from a rooftop harness, urged people Chal Ganpat, daru pila and then broke into Dhinka chika, the boisterous street song from Ready.The evening saw some stellar performances. Saif Ali Khan, along with the band Parikrama, put up the main performance; Bappi Lahiri and Shreya Ghoshal reprised their Ooh la la! number; and music director Raju Singh brought together an ensemble that included Shankar-Ehsaan-Loy, Sajid-Wajid, Lalit Pandit, Ram Sampath, Salim-Suleiman and Leslie Lewis. Sonu Nigam was joined by a bunch of little children who were so talented they seemed perfect competition for his little son Nivaan 'Kolaveri' Nigam.Sonu also paid a musical tribute to the leading lights of the film and music world who passed away in 2011: Bhimsen Joshi (Desh raag) Navin Nischol (Tum jo mil gaye ho), M F Husain (Yeh rishta kya kehlata hai), Bhupen Hazarika (Dil hoom hoom kare), Ustad Sultan Khan (Albela sajan aayo ri), Ravi (Ay meri zohra jabeen), Jagjit Singh (Tum itna jo muskura rahe ho), Dev Anand (Main zindagi ka saath) and Shammi Kapoor (Tumne mujhe dekha). It was a splendid performance which had the audience enraptured.Pop favourite Kolaveri, of course, made its presence felt--kicked off by Usha Uthup, now dressed like a Tamil politician, it was later taken over by its original singer Dhanush, with composer Anirudh joining in. As if to silence those who'd criticised its facile lyrics and composition, Dhanush declared on stage that music was for all those who loved it and who did not need to understand its fine nuances.The diametrically opposite view was expectedly presented by septuagenarian classical singer Pt Chhannulal Mishra, who was accorded 'special recognition' at the awards. The kirana gharana maestro, who sang Saans albeli from Aarakshan, declared that he sang only when the lyrics had meaning (\"Jab shabd ka arth ho\") and went on to make some forthright remarks about how reality shows were causing the young generation to take shortcuts to success.There were sepia moments to treasure when the Best Album of the Golden Era award was won by Awara(1951). Legendary radio star Ameen Sayani and director Madhur Bhandarkar presented the award to Raj Kapoor's youngest son Rajiv Kapoor and composer Jaikishen's wife Pallavi and his daughter Bhairavi. Iconic composer Khayyam was given the Lifetime Achievement award by surprise guest Rekha. All the young composers who took the stage for a medley took turns to sing his songs, beginning with Kabhi kabhie, Aaja re and Dil cheez kya hai. It was interesting to see pretty young things in little black dresses groove to Dil cheez kya hai.The main jury was headed by Javed Akhtar and included Ramesh Sippy, Sooraj Barjatya, Ashutosh Gowariker, Prasoon Joshi, Sameer, Shankar Mahadevan, Annu Malik, Aadesh Shrivastava, Lalit Pandit, Kailash Kher, Louis Banks, Kavita Krishnamurthy, Alka Yagnik, Sadhana Sargam, Suresh Wadkar, Talat Aziz and Ila Arun. This initiative by Radio Mirchi was partnered by title sponsor Royal Stag, associate sponsors Airtel, Pan Parag and Centerfruit (Perfetti) while the event partners are LIC, Vicco, WS Developers, Colors TV, Percept and Cineyug.(The 4th Edition of the Royal Stag Mirchi Music Awards will be telecast at 9pm on March 31 on Colors)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12365287", "title": "Instituto Camoes' scholarships", "text": "PANAJI: The Consulate General of Portugal and Centro de Lingua Portuguesa/Instituto Camoes have invited applications for the Portuguese studies scholarship programme to be awarded by Instituto Camoes, Portugal. The scholarships are intended for students, both foreign and Portuguese, residing abroad and wishing to improve their linguistic competence. For details and electronic application forms log on to www.instituto-camoes.pt or www.instituto-camoes.pt/entrada/bolsas-de-estudo/cidadaos-estrangeiros.html. The 'pre-application stage is up to March 22, while the 'application stage' is from April 12 to 30, states a press note.Veteran tiatr artistes remembered: Tiatr Academy Goa (TAG), Campal-Panaji, recently organized its monthly programme 'Somplolea Tiatristancho Ugddas' (Remembering tiatr artistes of yesteryears) at its conference hall. The stalwarts of Konkani stage who were remembered were J P Souzalin, Dioginho D'Mello, Anthony D'Sa, Aristides Dias, Greg, Bernard de Aldona, Allen Costa, Inacio de Canacona and Cajetan D'Souza.Highlighting their contribution to tiatr, TAG president Tomazinho Cardozo said, \"The contribution of all the artistes. Each one of them was unique in their approach to develop the tiatr stage when there were no enough facilities to produce and stage effective performances.\"TAG's member secretary Victor de Sa welcomed, while cultural organizer Joy Fernandes proposed a vote of thanks.Aviva tops at Konkani story reading contest: Dalgado Konknni Akademi (DKA) recently organized a Konkani story reading competition in collaboration with Our Lady of Carmel high school, Curtorim. Aviva Sequeira, Tania Cardozo and Joyce Gomes bagged the first three prizes respectively. Nikat Bepari and Jolina Almeida were awarded consolation prizes. Fr Louis Alvares, principal of the school, welcomed the gathering. DKA secretary Jose Salvador Fernandes and Quintiliano Faleiro, headmaster of the school, also spoke. DKA's Dalgado youth award winner Marcos Gonsalves and DKA treasurer Walter Menezes were judges for the function.Engineers hold seminar at Margao: The Institution of Engineers (India), Goa state centre, Panaji , recently organized a seminar in Margao on innovations in constructions. A large number of civil engineers, consultants and builders from various industries, besides participants from government departments and engineering colleges attended the seminar.Bible classes at Mapusa:The Carmelite seminary, Mapusa, organised Bible classes for the laity as a part of their Lenten mission. Fr Pius D'Souza, OCD, superior, St Joseph's monastery, Mangalore, conducted the classes from March 4 to 7.Seminar on 'commitment to Goa' organized: A seminar was organised by Padre Conceicao College of Engineering (PCCE) and Agnel Polytechnic in association with the department of art and culture on the theme 'My commitment to my Goa' to commemorate the golden jubilee of Goa's liberation at Raimundo and Lilia Gracias auditorium, Verna, on Friday. General S F Rodrigues, former army chief, was the chief guest. The other speakers included Prabhakar Timble, educationist and legal expert, Anil Kher, managing director, Micro Interconnexion Pvt. Ltd. and historian Prajal Sakhardande.POWER SHUTDOWNDivar (March 22): From 9am to 2pm. Goltim Navelim village in Divar to be affected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12362578", "title": "A 'badmash' company to fulfill dreams of luxury", "text": "JAIPUR: Their lives were sombre with run-of-the-mill jobs after completing their degrees and diplomas. They were also unhappy till they decided float a 'badmash' company in January 2008. Prolonged dissatisfaction with the way they were handling their careers, two of the directors of the Gold Sukh Trade India Limited decided to float the company which was later joined by two more persons in a quest to live life king size.And it became the one of the most sought after company by police after all four directors along with 21 other team leaders fled swindling crores of rupees from their investors in November 2011.Years ago, one of the directors of company was also upset with the attitude of Jaipur police when he became a victim of pickpocket and his complaint was not taken up by the police. \"He had told us that he was running after us to recover his wallet and nobody took him seriously,\" said policemen at the Vidhyak Puri police station. They wanted to change their lives and have all the luxuries.In July 2008 after reading and learning a lot on how multi-level marketing companies function, Manvendra Singh, Mahendra Singh, Pramod Sharma and Narendra Singh made the Gold Sukh Trade India Limited operational.Karan Sharma , additional deputy commissioner of police (South), while talking to TOI on Wednesday, said, \"Pramod Sharma after his graduation in 2006 was into private jobs. He was highly dissatisfied with the kind of salary he was drawing from various private jobs varying from a courier boy to a salesman.\"On the other hand, Narendra Singh (56) owned a firm in which he was into direct selling of credit cards of various banks. He met Pramod Sharma and shared his mind on why earning money was important for him,\" Sharma added.Sometime during January 2006, Pramod, who had a bit of idea about how multi-level companies function, came up with the idea of floating such a company and offered Narendra a share of 50 per cent, Sharma added.\"Narendra subscribed to the idea and later he shared the idea with Mahendra Singh and Manvendra Singh since both were known to him as clients,\" Sharma said.Asked about the profiles of Manendra and Manvendra and why they also get into the idea of running a multi-level marketing company, Sharma, said, \"Both were batch mates at a private polytechnic college from where they got a diploma in mechanical engineering. In order to earn more money, they were into various private jobs and also started a company to facilitate private contractors to dismantle residential and commercial buildings whenever needed till January 2008.\"\"The so far investigations suggested that four persons wanted to earn more money and lead lavish lifestyle by hook or by crook and thus they became partners of 25 per cent each,\" Sharma added.Police said initially when they hardly had few customers they made their relatives and acquaintances as customers and through them they invited other investors. \"For one year, they remained honest to each other and later started hiding things varying from their bank accounts to lockers,\" an officer said.Even in Hanoi city in Vietnam , where they were hiding for the past three months and later arrested by the police there and till the time they were brought back arrested by a team of Jaipur police, they were not aware of each other's share of money.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "12365323", "title": "Akola mayor's house attacked", "text": "AKOLA: The tension in some sensitive areas of the city since the civic polls on February 16 boiled over on Monday night. There was an attack on the house of newly-elected city mayor Jyotsna Gawai (BRP-BMS) in Bhim Nagar area of the old city.The police attributed the assault to old enmity, including opposition to the love marriage between Jyotsna and Gautam Gawai. In the attack, a group of drunken youths of the same community damaged the two-wheeler of the mayor's husband and her father, Trimbak Pahelwan Sirsat, who is a former corporator.Not finding Jyotsna at home, the youths targeted her father's house in the area. The Gawai family alleged that the armed assault was meant to finish Gautam Gawai. But the youths belonging to a defeated candidate ended up attacking Jyotsna's father.Old City police reached the spot and averted more violence by arresting some of the attackers. Offences were registered against both groups later in the night. More arrests are being effected. Jyotsna Gawai has demanded immediate arrest of the anti-socials who attacked her house.There had been reports earlier of some followers of a candidate moving around swords, pipes etc to create tension in the area. Some of the families have reportedly left the area. Similar tension was also reported from Akot File area of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12367122", "title": "Singing is in my blood: Prakriti Mishra", "text": "Child artiste-turned-actor Prakriti Mishra is a popular face in many Odia households. TOI finds out how the actor spends her time behind the camera...Going out with my friends and having yummy food from the roadside stalls of Bhubaneswar are my favourite timepass. I have a really cool group of friends. Whenever I am free from my work, I call them over to my house. They never fail to join me to have lots of masti. Though various types of cuisine are available in this city, I am very fond of Chinese and Indian food. We are frequent visitors of the multicuisine restaurants in the city. But I have to maintain my figure. So, I don't usually binge too much on junk food.Iam not only an actor but also a singer by profession. Singing is in my blood. I make it a point to practice regularly. From my childhood, it's been my passion. I always had an inclination towards learning music seriously. Now, I have the time to realize my dreams. I believe that there can't be a person in this world who can't appreciate music. \"Tu jaane na...\" is one of my favourite songs. I love listening to Sonu Nigam , Atif Aslam and Shreya Ghosal. May be, someday I will be able to sing like them too.Whenever I am very stressed, some retail-therapy energises me. I can vouch for the fact that there's not a single girl in this world who doesn't like to shop. I am crazy about garments and can spend hours searching for one perfect dress. Being an actor I am choosy about what I wear and I prefer buying my own clothes.I might be a professional actor but I have not discontinued my studies. I am very serious about my exams. I also try my best not to miss any classes in my college. I regularly do my homework and assignments. I don't have the time for tuitions. So, I collect my materials from the Internet. My laptop is my constant companion when I am busy studying online.Though I am not an expert in cooking, I love my time in the kitchen. My mom is a way better cook than me, but sometimes I get these urges to prepare some exotic dishes to surprise her. Unfortunately, most of the times, the results are nothing like what I imagine them to be. There have been times when I have wanted to cook a Chinese dish but it has turned into a regular Odia curry!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12362423", "title": "Lady cop\u2019s residence burgled of gold, bullets", "text": "MUMBAI: When it comes to theft, burglars are not sparing even cops. A woman cop's house in Kalachowkie was burgled of gold ornaments worth Rs 2.47 lakh and 20 live 9mm cartridges on Monday.The valuables were stolen from a locker in assistant inspector Namrata Lokhande's home, the Kalachowkie police said. The incident occurred between 5.15pm and 5.45pm at Om Roop Cooperative Housing Society when Lokhande (40), attached to the special protection unit (SPU), was away for some personal work.Police said the suspect may have stolen the bullet pouch, thinking it contained gold. A departmental inquiry would be carried out for Lokhande's negligence in not keeping the bullets safely.When Lokhande returned home, she found the main door to her flat ajar. She said, \"The accused had broken the door latch and lock to enter.\"The building residents claimed they have not seen any stranger enter the building . \"Lokhande stays in a private residential building. No watchman has been appointed by the society,\" said senior inspector S A Jain. \"We have registered an FIR. The inquiry for loss of bullets is not our concern. It will be decided by the department to which Lokhande is attached,\" said DCP (zone IV) K Patil. Investigators said despite warning people staying in residential buildings to appoint watchmen , they do not comply.Ex-cop robbed, tooMUMBAI: The Pydhonie police are on the lookout for unidentified men who broke into the house of a retired police inspector and stole money and jewellery worth Rs. 1.4 lakh. Police said the incident took place on Tuesday morning when no one from the family was at home. The accused allegedly broke the lock of the main door and then stole the goods from a steel cupboard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12364936", "title": "Saif, Kareena's new love-nest", "text": "The Nawab of Pataudi buys a duplex in a swanky complex, turns it into a plush penthouseIt's a double whammy for Saif Ali Khan , what with his much talked about home production Agent Vinod up for release on Friday, and now, a spanking new address...Mirror has learnt that the Nawab of Pataudi has bought the top two floors (11th and 12th) in Satguru Sharan Apartments at 29th Road, Khar. And the building in question is just four or five blocks away from the property Saif had bought at Hicons Residency sometime ago.If all goes as per plan, this may well be Saifeena's new home. A friend of Saif said, \"Saif and Kareena will move in here after marriage.\" The actor even plans to set up a mini-gym on the uppermost floor among other things. \"There will definitely be a swimming pool on the 12th floor,\" the friend added.Why didn't Saif choose some other locality? \"Having a new home in Juhu or Yari Road was an option but Saif loves Bandra. Besides, the suburb is centrally located and ideal for Saif's meetings and shoots, helping him avoid those extra 30 to 40 minutes in traffic.\"We think one more reason that could have tilted the scales in favour of Bandra is that Kareena has stayed there for the longest possible time.What about the older property? For a while, there were rumours that Saif wanted to sell it off since he was embarrassed about his neighbours airing laundry in their balconies. Dismissing any such speculation, Saif's friend said, \"He is not selling that property because some neighbours are drying their clothes in their galleries. He is not a snob. He likes people around him. Like many others, there are too many misconceptions people have about him as well. Ask his neighbours. He is a very caring guy.\"Meanwhile, on February 14, 2012, Mirror had brought you the story of Saif's sister, Soha's new house, being designed at Sunder Villa, Linking Road. Soha too, plans on moving in there after tying the knot with her beau, Kunal Khemu.Interestingly, Sunder Villa is just a ten minute walk from Satguru Sharan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12365402", "title": "Velim MLA Benjamin claims to be living up to his promises", "text": "MARGAO: Stating that he had already started work towards fulfilling promises in his manifesto, Velim MLA Benjamin Silva said he would ascertain all grievances faced by the fisherman community are addressed.Speaking to TOI on Wednesday regarding the setting up of the fish meal plant as proposed by the erstwhile government in Velim, Silva categorically stated that he was with the locals who have opposed the setting it up due to the possibility of subsequent health hazards.Silva however said he would take up other pressing issues concerning trawler owners such as the need to start dredging work at the mouth of River Sal to ease the difficulties faced by smaller trawler owners operating from Cutbona jetty when they venture into the deep sea.He further stated that he would work towards completing development works left unfinished by the former MLA like improving the conditions of the football grounds in Velim and bringing to the notice of departments concerned that many residential localities, especially in Baradi, were facing acute water shortage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12365013", "title": "Rajabazar mishap cripples traffic", "text": "KOLKATA: After a series of road blocks across the city on Tuesday, which brought the traffic to a standstill in vast stretches of east and south Kolkata, another three-hour road blockade on APC Road - a key arterial road connecting north and south Kolkata - threw traffic out of gear on Wednesday. The traffic snarl during the higher secondary examination prompted Kolkata Police to issue a circular that all unlawful assemblies are prohibited within the limits of Kolkata police's jurisdiction to prevent disruption of the examination.Trouble erupted at Rajabazar crossing in the afternoon following a collision between a taxi and a private bus. Locals said, a south-bound private bus on route 230 was plying along APC Road. It suddenly tried to overtake a taxi in front of Rajabazar tram depot and collided with the cab. While trying to stay away from the collision, the taxi driver ended up hitting a motorcycle to his left. The taxi driver, the motorcyclist and two others were injured. The driver and conductor of the bus fled the spot leaving behind the bus which was later ransacked. tnnWithin moments, hundreds of locals gathered blocked the road and agitated. They accused police of poor traffic management that, they alleged, causes frequent accidents.Nearly a month ago, the same place turned into a battlefield after a local resident was mowed down by a CTC bus in front of the depot. Locals mobbed the depot and ransacked 59 buses parked inside, leading to damage worth more than Rs 10 lakh.For nearly three hours, the mob put up a blockade on APC Road and adjacent Narkeldanga Main Road and Keshab Sen Street. Police tried to divert traffic through other roads but the long blockade chocked traffic circulation on a vast stretch of east Kolkata and north Kolkata, leaving students and common people in misery.Due to the tension, some pockets in the city and a considerable number of policemen were present at the spot prior to the incident. They first tried to calm the situation. Later, more forces including special strike team and RAF arrived. Senior police officers also reached the spot. Following intervention of both senior officers and politicians, the situation was brought under control.State transport minister Madan Mitra has also visited the spot and appealed to the agitators to restore normalcy. Around 2 pm, the situation again turned volatile after a rickshaw-puller sustained serious injuries when a police breakdown van was removing the offender bus. Anwar Hossain, the 60-year-old victim, later succumbed to his injuries. Later, the blockade was lifted and traffic gradually returned to normal. Police said that the condition of all four injured is stable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "12362501", "title": "Illegal constructions within 100 m of Sonar Fort to be removed", "text": "JAISALMER: The district administration has imposed a ban on construction activities within 100-metre radius of the historic Sonar Fort in Jaisalmer. The administration, in its order dated February 29 this year, had asked its officials not to issue water and power connections to such constructions.\"The administration has constituted a four-member committee to not only keep a watch on the fort but also identify unauthorized constructions that have come up in and around the protected monument, said district collector, Jaisalmer, MP Swami, talking to TOI on Wednesday.Swami said that as per the order of the Rajasthan High Court in a civil petition on April 10, 2004 and as per the provisions of Ancient Monument, Archaeological Place Remaining, Amended and Validation Act 2010, a four member committee headed by the additional district magistrate has been formed to remove the illegal constructions within 100 metres of Sonar Fort.The other members of the committee are the superintendent of police, municipal commissioner and the Archaeological Survey of India in-charge.Committee chairman and additional district magistrate Parshuram Dhanka said that water works and electricity departments have been directed not to give water and electricity to any illegally constructed buildings within 100 metres of the fort. Besides, buildings being constructed within 100-200 metres of the fort should be given connection only after getting 'no objection certificate' from the municipality. He has directed the municipality to immediately remove the constructions going on within 100-200 metres without permission.Although the district administration has stepped up measures, the state government has still not formed the Sonar Fort Development Authority that the state officials had assured during a meeting with the officials of Union government on January 21. The officials of Archeological Survey of India (ASI) and state government, in the presence of Union art and culture minister Kumari Shelja had taken this decision on January 21.Other than Shelja, ASI director general Gautam Sengupta, chief secretary and many other senior officers along with representatives from other agencies participated in this meeting. \"Due to delay in formation of the authority, maintenance and conservation work of the fort is slow and it is difficult to check illegal constructions,\" said an official.Recently, TOI had carried a story about crumbling parts of the fort. Taking cognizance of the report, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh had asked officials to take conservation measures. However, several parts of the fort are dwindling as the ongoing conservation efforts are inadequate. The protected monument has suffered due to hundreds of illegal constructions and unauthorized residents living in the fort premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12365929", "title": "Nagpur municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal to present budget on March 26", "text": "NAGPUR: Municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal will present the budget for 2012-13 at a special meeting of the standing committee to be held at 1pm on March 26. Based on this budget, newly elected chairman Dayashankar Tiwari is set to present NMC budget in April.Jaiswal will also present the revised budget for the current fiscal. The budgets were to be presented on or before February 5 but got delayed due to municipal polls followed by election of mayor and deputy mayor. As per agenda issued on Wednesday, Jaiswal will present budgets to Tiwari.The revised budget will be based on the actual revenue of NMC up to November 30, 2011. The revenue was 472.36 crore against last year's 388.31 crore. The revenue was hit to a great extent in the current fiscal and its impact will be seen in the revised budget. In current fiscal, Jaiswal had presented a budget of 1,087.83 crore while former chairman Sandip Joshi's budget was of 1,199.02 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12368725", "title": "Board to register 40,000 small growers", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Tea Board of India (TBI) has targeted to register 40,000 small tea growers in the state during 2012-13. Though Assam has 70,000 such growers, at present only 5000 are registered with the TBI. Since long, the small tea growers have been raising the issue of registration of their plantation land in the absence of which they are being deprived of many benefits.\"We are going to register 40,000 small tea growers in Assam as part of our outreach programme,\" TBI executive director Rakesh Saini said at a meeting of Confederation of Indian Small Tea Growers' Association (CISTGA) here on Wednesday.Saini said the response from the growers has not been encouraging. \"We want the growers to be more responsive. They should take the initiative for getting registered with the Board. As a part of our outreach programme, we have simplified the process of registration,\" said Saini.He added that to keep the process simple, the growers have been asked to furnish land revenue receipt, map of their plantation and no-objection certificates from the state government for registration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12368665", "title": "'Avatar' did help us in making Titanic 3D: Jon", "text": "Hollywood producer Jon Landau, who is all set to re-release 'Titanic' in 3D next month, feels his three-dimensional experience of 'Avatar' helped a lot in churning out the latest offering.\"'Avatar' did help us in some way. Your next project always relies on the experience of the previous one. You try and take what you learnt in the past,\" Jon told reporters here after the screening of the 3D version of 'Titanic'. \"'Avatar' helped us in a way when to reduce 3D, where to emphasise, where to focus...at which moment,\" he said.The Leonardo DiCaprio-Kate Winslet starrer would release in 3D in India on April 5 in English, Hindi, Tamil and Telugu. The producer also feels that filmmakers are shying away from making 3D movies.\"After 'Avatar' it went all into pitfall as studios were showing interest into making a 3D film rather than filmmakers. Filmmakers did not embrace it,\" he said.Talking about the format, Jon said, \"3D does not make a bad movie good...it makes the storyline...the movie is more interesting to watch, it makes it more appealing for the audience to see. We want to give audience a better experience. Our intention is to expose audience to newer things.\"The 3D version of 'Titanic' was made at a budget of 18 million dollars in 60 weeks, the producer informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12362544", "title": "NRI held for rape", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Three persons have been arrested in connection with the rape of a dancer in Sola. Now, Sola police officials have taken up a probe since the cops believe that this latest complaint of rape points towards a larger racket.Those arrested include NRI Upendra Mehta, his car driver Tejinath Jogi and the watchman of the building where Mehta stays, Laxman Jogi. According to Sola police, Mehta - a resident of New Jersey - owns a house in Manibhadra Apartments in Sola. \"He had called upon a professional dancer at his residence on Tuesday afternoon for an event. According to her statement, there were only two persons present at his house, Mehta and his driver Tejinath Jogi. She then tried to flee from the spot, but Mehta forcibly held her back and raped her,\" said police officials.Sola police inspector V K Zala said, \"This is the third complaint of rape filed by a girl from outside the state. We are probing into the possibility of this being the pointer to a larger racket.\"The complainant, a dancer from West Bengal , has told the police that she had shifted to Delhi two years back. \"She has claimed to be a professional dancer who used to pay frequent visits to Ahmedabad for performances,\" said Sola police.According to the complainant Mehta and Jogi raped her. When she regained consciousness and left the house, she told the watchman Laxman about her rape. However, Laxman instead of helping her had beat her up and had asked her to leave. She was later helped by a youth who she found standing near by. She then borrowed his mobile phone and called the police. The first to reach the site was Vastrapur police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12368403", "title": "NCP sorts out differences, Jayashree Pawar is zilla parishad head", "text": "NASHIK: Jayashree Nitin Pawar of the Nationalist Congress Party on Wednesday was elected unopposed as the president of the Nashik zilla parishad, a post reserved for woman from scheduled tribe. Congress nominee Sampat Sakale was declared vice-president after the Shiv Sena and the BJP nominees for the post of president and vice-president, respectively, withdrew from the contest.Jayashree is the daughter-in-law of former minister and Kalwan MLA Arjun Tulshiram Pawar. Though the NCP-Congress combine had got a clear mandate winning 41 of the 73 seats in the zilla parishad, infighting in the NCP camp between Pawar's supporters from Kalwan and district guardian minister Chhagan Bhujbal's from Yeola had cast a shadow over the polls.Speculations were rife that Bhujbal would want either Sunita Chavan from Andarsool and Surekha Godhade from Lasalgaon that falls under his Yeola constituency to occupy the president's post. But the past two terms had already seen members from Yeola holding the president's post and this had led to some tension within the NCP.\"We (the NCP) had seven women from scheduled tribe and all of them educated and confident to carry the job. The party mulled over the candidature and finally decided to support Jayashree Pawar,\" said MLC Jayant Jadhav.Jadhav also claimed that Pawar, who is the vice-president of Tapi Valley Development Corporation, was taken into confidence.On Wednesday, the Sena and the BJP also put up their candidates-Sonali Pawar and Manisha Bodke for president and vice-president posts-but after discussions among the parties, they withdrew their candidates paving the way for the NCP and Congress nominees to be elected unopposed.The newly-elected president, Jayashree Pawar, said since she hailed from a tribal belt, her priority will be to develop the area with special focus on women. She said as a first step, she will look at addressing the problem of malnutrition.Sakale, who has had a long journey in the zilla parishad, starting off as an employee to becoming a sarpanch and now the vice-president, said he was happy that members across the parties reposed faith in him. \"I will live up to the faith and expectations of all those who have voted for me. I promise a balance development of the district,\" he said.Sena leader from Nashik rural Jayant Dinde said they had filed the nominations just for the sake of filing it. \"The mandate was very clear and we were least interested in playing politics. It is better that we allow them the post with honour and as a leader of the opposition, ensure the zilla parishad does its duty as per the expectations of the people, he said.Nashik district collector P Velrasu presided over the election.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12365537", "title": "VHP activists slam AMC for poor samitary facilities", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Demanding the cleaning of drains in the vicinity of local temples in different localities before Navaratra, Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP) workers staged a demonstration at Allahabad Municipal Corporation(AMC) on Wednesday and handed over a memorandum to additional municipal commissioner.Holding flags and placards, the VHP activists led by the district secretary, Pawan Srivastava raised slogans against the civic authorities accusing them of ignoring the sentiments of Hindus despite approaching Navaratra.Slamming the authorities for the breakdown of sanitary facilities in the city he said that heaps of garbage has piled up outside the main temples in the city and AMC has turned a deaf ear towards their problems. This would not be tolerated at any cost.District convenor, Bajrang Dal , Amit Alok Pandey said that most of streetlights in all important localities of the city have become defunct leaving the areas under pitch dark conditions in the evening. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "jogeshwari resident anand looks comfortable in his temporary home", "code": "12363253", "title": "After BMC upgrade of TB Hospital, mixed results in wards", "text": "Jogeshwari resident Anand looks comfortable in his temporary home: a corner bed in the civic-run TB Hospital, Sewri. His documents are tucked under his pillow, his sparse belongings in a bag by his foot and a number of bottles stacked on a nearby stool. \"I have been here for a month,\" says Anand, a cook, lounging on his metal bed while reading a news magazine.A ward boy underlines what Anand seems immune to. \"Patients' robes and bed sheets are washed once in 15 days. A majority of them don't have a stool, leave alone a locker, to keep their belongings. Stray cats often share patients' beds,\" the ward boy says. In a hospital built to tackle a highly infectious disease, mistakes can cost patients dear. For instance, the hospital, built like a sanatorium with large gardens, has no dedicated space for relatives; most sit on the patient's bed.Since the controversy over totally drug-resistant TB broke out in January, the spotlight has been on the 1,000-bed hospital. It emerged that the hospital had no surgeons to operate on patients debilitated by multi-drug resistant TB. It had a severe staff crunch and no in-house laboratory to test for multidrug resistance.The Union government and the BMC have worked overtime to change all this. Dr Arun Bamne, joint executive health officer, BMC, says, \"We have upgraded the hospital's laboratory; it is awaiting Union government accreditation. More doctors and nurses have been recruited and operations restarted. The best thing is the doubling of beds reserved for multi-drug resistant TB. The beds now number 90. This means we can treat 270 patients in a month in cycles of 10 days each.\"At the macro-level, many changes have taken place. A cleaner talks about regular counselling sessions and protective gear the cleaning staff now use to wheel out bodies. \"Doctors give us tips on how to keep ourselves healthy despite being surrounded by TB b a c i l l i . They ask us to take a walk in the open every two hours. We are told to enter the wards only after meals to boost our immunity,\" he says. The hospital also has an infection control team that meets regularly.But these changes do not seem to have percolated down to the most important section-patients and their relatives. \"I have been waiting since morning to get my 95-year-old father-in-law admitted,\" says Smita; the patient was finally admitted around 4.30pm. Another patient's relative Geeta says, \"Patients get food and medicines, but not care.\"Dr Rajendra Nanavre, the hospital's medical superintendent, admitting that there is a shortage of class IV employees, says, \"We have finished recruiting doctors and nurses, but we need to get some more helps.\"DEBATE RAGES OVER TDR-TBWhen Dr Zarir Udwadia addressed the World Health Organization (WHO) on Wednesday, he mentioned a term that has become a taboo in India's public health field-totally drug-resistant, or TDR, TB.It was his letter to the Clinical Infectious Diseases journal in early January mentioning TDR-TB cases for the first time that sparked off one of the biggest medical debates in India in recent times. He and his colleagues in Hinduja Hospital, Mahim, diagnosed 12 patients with totally drug-resistant TB strains; three of them have died since. The WHO is currently holding a consensus meeting to decide on how and when to use the terminology TDR-TB. In an email reply on Wednesday, Dr Udwadia wrote, \"No one doubts the accuracy of the Hinduja Hospital data. The only question is whether the WHO can create a new c at e g o r y based on the data from just a handful of patients. The debate continues.\"The term TDR-TB was first coined in Italy, which reported two cases in Miglori in 2007. Then, in 2009, an Iranian team reported TDR-TB in 15 patients. \"There was no further mention of TDR-TB for three years till our publication of the first four Indian cases,\" Dr Udwadia wrote in an editorial in a peer-reviewed medical journal, Thorax, in March. \"The 12 patients (mean age 32 years; six are men) had seen an average of four doctors, and received a mean of 9.33 drugs for an average duration of 26 months prior to being labelled TDRTB by us.\"In January, when the first article was reported in the local and international press, the Indian government sent down a high-level team from Delhi. The team said there was no such entity as TDR-TB and the Hinduja Hospital cases could at best be labelled XXDR-TB (extensively and extremely drug resistant TB).But his March article, titled 'MDR, XDR, TDR Tuberculosis: ominous progression', lists steps that India should take to stop the march of TB across the country. After all, TB kills 300,000 Indians annually-a statistic that doctors say works out to one death every two minutes.Dr Udwadia has recommended that laboratory capacity be immediately increased. \"It is one of those sad TB paradoxes that India, which bears the lion's share of the world's TB burden, has only one of 26 supranational reference laboratories, while the majority are concentrated in the European Union and the US, despite only 1% of the 9 million new TB cases in 2007 occurring in these regions.\" The supranational reference laboratories have machines to diagnose the most drugresistant strains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "new delhi/ coimbatore", "code": "12366339", "title": "Tax break not worth direct stock play", "text": "NEW DELHI/ COIMBATORE: The proposed Rajiv Gandhi Equity Savings Scheme is expected to come with safeguards that will permit small investors to purchase shares only in the top 100 stocks traded on Bombay Stock Exchange and the National Stock Exchange.An exception is, however, expected to be made for public sector companies with the government expected to relax the rule to allow trading in stocks that are part of the top 500 list. The move is aimed at increasing retail participation in not just the stock market but also in disinvestment exercise.However, market experts are not very enthused about the scheme, which will allow a 50% deduction for those who invest up to Rs 50,000 in stocks, provided their taxable income is below Rs 10 lakh.The funds will not be allowed to be withdrawn for three years, even churning of portfolio is not permitted during the first year. The scheme can be availed only once in a lifetime.Financial experts said the scheme may give tax deductions but investors could well end up with much lower gains even if investments are made in blue-chip companies.Investments even in blue-chip stocks wouldn't bring enough gains for average retail investors if the past record is any indication.Several blue-chips including almost the entire Reliance pack, Bharti Airtel , BHEL and NTPC have given lower returns than diversified equity mutual funds (MFs) and tax saver funds in the past three years (till March 19).DLF was up 11.3% in three years, and NTPC declined 3.7% during the same period. Tax-saver MFs that come with a three-year lock-in period have gained 26.8% annually in three years while diversified equity funds gave 29% annual returns.Several sensex stocks have gained at a lower pace than the index itself. The markets have been on a roller-coaster ride in the past three years. The sharp market rally after the general elections results were announced in 2009 was followed by sporadic periods of volatility. Sensex gained 24.2% a year in three years while Nifty gave annual returns of 23.2% during the same period.\"It would be much better if the government gets them (new investor) to invest in an index,\" said Suresh Sadagopan, founder, Ladder7 Financial Advisories.Jayant Pai, head of marketing at Parag Parikh Financial Advisory Services, is of the same opinion. \"If they restrict it (investments) to index stocks it would be good,\" Pai said.\"Details on it (RGESS) should be out in a month's time,\" finance secretary R S Gujral said on sidelines of a Fimeet on Tuesday.The government can allow investors to participate in RGESS through exchange traded funds (ETFs), said experts. A separate ETF can be created for the scheme with either Nifty or BSE-100 as the underlying index. But even this can be no guarantee against losses or underperformance, said market observers.\"It (index) is a filter. But it is not foolproof and will not prevent investments from losing their value,\" said another expert. Unlike MFs, investments in stocks could completely lose the entire value. Stocks of leading companies had lost up to 90% in value in the market downturn during the global financial crisis.With investments in equity-linked savings scheme (ELSS) - as tax-saver MFs are known - also eligible for tax deductions, investors wouldn't have enough money left to deploy in stocks, said experts. \"ELSS is a better option than RGESS as MFs have a clear track record,\" Pai said.The government has drawn upon the experience in Europe which had tried the model and increased retail participation in the 1970s. A similar scheme, with much higher cut-off, was first tried in France which was then used by Belgium, West Germany and Sweden .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12366499", "title": "Deepika, Ranbir to clash on July 13", "text": "Ex-lovers Ranbir Kapoor and Deepika Padukone have their respective films releasing on the same day.Ranbir Kapoor, Deepika Padukone aren't an item anymore but it looks like destiny is bringing them together time and again. For starters the duo will be seen romancing each other in Ayaan Mukherjee's next, and then their respective movies will hit the screens on the same day.Anurag Basu's Ranbir-Priyanka Chopra-starrer Barfee will release on July 13, while Deepika's forthcoming film Cocktail will release on July 13 as well. The film Cocktail also stars Saif Ali khan .Ranbir-starrer Barfee is a murder mystery and known to be Ranbir's most challenging work. The actor plays a deaf and mute guy in the movie. Deepika-starrer Cocktail is a romantic drama produced by Saif Ali Khan. Though both the films are looking good, it will be interesting to see which film fares better at the box office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12366549", "title": "Publish or perish, Tamil Nadu university tells PG medicos", "text": "CHENNAI: The Tamil Nadu Dr MGR Medical University has said that all postgraduate medical students should publish their dissertation - research work - in peer-reviewed journals or in the e-journal of the university to become eligible to appear for the final examinations. Papers presented to the e-journal will be reviewed by experts before being published, vice-chancellor Dr Mayil Vahanan Natarajan said.The university has written to all medical colleges offering postgraduate courses saying that students whose research is not published will not be allowed to write the final examination . \"We want them to know that we value research as part of academic training. They should know that if they don't publish, they will perish ,\" Dr Natarajan said.Academicians say making research publication mandatory will kindle students' interest in research and encourage them to undertake more studies. \"There aren't many research papers published by Indian doctors in reputed publications. One of the biggest reasons is that it's not easy to publish research papers. If students successfully publish their ersearch while in college , it will motivate them to do more,\" Madras Medical College dean Dr V Kanakasabai said.Members of the academic board in the state university also feel that an increasing number of students, including undergraduates, plagiarize homework, projects, dissertation and research. Students often justify this trend by attributing it to increasing academic pressures and expectations. But senior doctors, who have been teaching medicos, say that many students 'cut and paste' from the internet or copy a senior's work without understanding the academic requirement. \"For years, we have been seeing people submit photocopies of the reports their seniors had published. In many cases, even spelling errors and grammatical mistakes have not been corrected for years,\" said surgical gastroenterologist Dr R Surendran , who works at the Government Stanley Medical College Hospital.The university will now ensure that every research paper submitted by a postgraduate student is original work. A team of doctors will review the work, seek clarifications and suggest corrections before it is published in the journal . \"It will be like a mock drill,\" said Dr Natarajan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12362621", "title": "Break &amp; build triggers gridlock at Outer Ring Road", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Public Works Department (PWD) of Delhi government is never short of ideas even it means junking its own creations, year after year, and digging up stretches on one pretext or another.If Press Enclave Road has been a favourite in south Delhi, the Outer Ring Road stretch, from Chirag Dilli to IIT crossing, is not far behind. The divider on the road is once again being dug up, this time to build a \"continuous concrete median\". This has resulted in a traffic mess with the rubble spilling over to either side of the divider on the busy flyover.Since there are no warning signages and the road has shrunk suddenly, there are long traffic snarls on either side of the flyover ever since the work began a few days ago. The danger that this rubble poses to traffic, particularly at night, is obvious.When TOI visited the stretch on Wednesday morning, the rubble was found to be occupying almost one lane on either side of the three-lane carriageways.As a result, cars were found swerving sharply away at the foot of the flyover when the drivers suddenly noticed the obstruction ahead.Traffic headed for Nehru Place has to negotiate a 'funnel' (road shrinks) when it comes down the Chirag Dilli flyover. Now the ordeal is beginning even earlier. The story on the other side is the same.Though regular commuters on the stretch said the divider and pavements on either side here are frequently ripped apart to be relaid and that these had been fixed just before Commonwealth Games as part of the street beautification drive, PWD officials claimed the divider was in urgent need of repair.\"The kerbstones were coming loose and were getting dislodged by heavy vehicles. We are now building a continuous concrete divider to solve this problem and are in touch with the traffic police in this matter. The divider is part of the original construction of the flyover and was never touched during the Games,\" claimed a senior PWD official in charge of maintenance of the flyover.That, however, is taken with a pinch of salt by many commuters who have been using this road for years. They find this obsession with dividers in the city elsewhere too quite strange.The traffic police, later in the evening, said the civic agency had never bothered to seek permission before going ahead with the work. Soon, they had got the work stopped.\"The work was stopped since it had serious road safety and traffic implications. We have told the agency to work out a proper plan for execution of the repair work and we'll facilitate the same during weekends when there is less traffic on the stretch.\"The agency had not sought any permission from us before undertaking the work,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12367154", "title": "Chandigarh belongs to Punjab, says governor; sparks debate again", "text": "CHANDIGARH: To the displeasure of Haryana government, Punjab governor Shivraj Patil has raked up the issue of Punjab's claim over Chandigarh during his speech in the state assembly.Patil in his speech has told the assembly that \"Chandigarh and several other Punjabi-speaking areas have been kept out of the state and must be transferred back at the earliest.\"Reacting sharply to Patil's statement Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda told the Times of India that Punjab government was in the habit of misleading people.\"Chandigarh belongs to Haryana and there is no doubt about it as the Shah commission in 1966 had decided the fate of the city in favour of our state,\" said Hooda.He added that rather Haryana should be given its share of water as even the apex court has given its verdict on SYL in favour of the state.Terming Patil's statement as unfortunate, Indian National Lok Dal chief Om Prakash Chautala said in a statement that Haryana would not give up its claim on Chandigarh till Punjab Hindi-speaking areas including Abohar, Fazilka and nearby 107 villages were transferred to Haryana.Chautala added that Patil being the constitutional head of Punjab should not have given this controversial unnecessary statement.It's not for the first time that claim has been staked over Chandigarh, a city designed by French architect le Corbusier .Both Punjab and Haryana have been at loggerheads not only over water but also over Chandigarh and have been demanding to make the city their capital.Most recently, Punjab deputy chief minister Sukhbir Badal had raised the issue at cm's conclave in Delhi in February last year.Sukhbir had told the chief ministers that Chandigarh had been denied to Punjab despite concrete assurances by the union government.Punjab has also been opposing Haryana's efforts to set up a separate high court for the state in Chandigarh terming it as an encroachment and Haryana on its part had asked Punjab to take the Punjab high court out of the city.Some two years back Punjab CM Prakash Singh Badal had written to the law ministry saying that \"Haryana should start moving its offices out of Chandigarh so that the UT can be transferred to Punjab.\"Haryana, on the other hand, has been demanding from the Union government to appoint Haryana governor as Chandigarh administrator, the highest administrative post of the union territory that has traditionally been given to the Punjab governor.As per the Rajiv-Longowal accord of 1986, which was eventually stalled, Chandigarh was to go to Punjab and in return the state was to transfer Hindi-speaking areas of Abohar and Fazilka to Haryana.Prior to this accord, Justice J C Shah commission, in its report submitted in 1966, when Haryana had come into existence, had recommended that Chandigarh should be a part of Haryana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12362419", "title": "Government hospitals to maintain maternal death records too", "text": "LUCKNOW: After four years of being proposed under the National Rural Health Mission, UP's health and family welfare department took the proposal for maternal death audits seriously. Under this, the health department would take serious efforts to ascertain the cause behind a pregnant woman's death who dies during child birth. This was decided at a level workshop of government health professionals here on Wednesday.In UP, more than 22,000 women die while delivering babies. The number was higher till NRHM started but after the sustained efforts made by the NRHM in increasing the general awareness of women the number decreased. The target is to bring the rate of maternal mortality (number of pregnant women dying per one lakh population of expectant mothers) from present figure of 345 to 100 in the next few years.Officials also said that two types of audits would be carried: social and hospital based. A doctor in every district woman hospital would be posted as nodal officer who would be responsible for the audit work. She would submit the report to the district official on a regular basis who would inform the coordinator at the head quarters in Lucknow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "director", "code": "12368374", "title": "Agent Vinod: Movie Review", "text": "Director: Sriram Raghavan Cast: Saif Ali Khan, Kareena KapoorHe tries to be a Bond-cum-Bourne kind of a secret agent. More than an intelligence officer, he comes across as an action hero - a Singham over a spy. More than clothes, he changes countries. He can open any door, barge any security, escape every attack and kill any person. He has instant access to database of spies and terrorists across the globe at his fingertips. He is the man - Agent Vinod.All of that is acceptable as long as the intended espionage thriller has an inventive storyline. But after a world tour across half a dozen countries, the film culminates with a traditional climax where the Indian capital faces a nuclear-threat. The time bomb has to be detected, decoded and deactivated. The only novelty in the narrative is that our neighbouring country is not the perpetrator. It's not the terrorists but some elite business community who spread terror around the world so that they can gain out of the sudden stock market fluctuations across the world. Ludicrous as it may sound, this is the film - Agent Vinod .Agent Vinod (Saif Ali Khan) is an Indian intelligence officer who is on a mission to unearth a global conspiracy. A suitcase bomb is being stealthily shifted across countries to finally reach New Delhi where it's targeted. En route Vinod meets Iram (Kareena Kapoor), a Pakistani agent who has her own agenda but subsequently helps him on his operation.The spy thriller isn't essentially designed as a suspense flick. Like his last film Johnny Gaddaar , Sriram Raghavan ensures that the viewer is aware of the villain's identity at the very onset. The film is more about the hero's journey to reach the rogue. Moreover there are so many of the scoundrels in the story, spread out across several countries, that you lose track of the mastermind. The writing by Raghavan and Arijit Biswas, after a point, gets convoluted and manipulative to suit the scheme of things. Moreover the exaggerated action often overpowers the aptitude you expect from an espionage film. Also the action is more brawn over brain.Thankfully the romance track between Saif and Kareena isn't overblown. Their camaraderie is buildup amidst the central plot and the narrative never strays from its core genre. However at one point you do feel that the film is going off-track when the stylized spy flick ponders on the trials and tribulations in the life of an undercover agent. Further it attempts to explore their latent aspirations - he wanted to be a painter, she a doctor! Ah! Such pragmatism doesn't work in the larger-than-life picture. Mercifully their past isn't explored through actual flashback footages but is merely described through dialogues. Verbosity is better than visual atrocity.Beyond some sporadic moments, the film lacks any underlying tone of humour, despite the potential. That makes the proceedings somewhat dry. The dialogues are plain functional. Pooja Ladha Surti's editing is smart and sassy and the long runtime doesn't hurt much. The action is slick but doesn't stand out. CK Muraleedharan's cinematography is competent. The background score which derives from James Bond signature tune and RD Burman numbers works well.Saif Ali Khan pulls off the suave and sophisticated secret agent with panache. He has good screen presence and looks confident and convincing. Playing a spy herself, Kareena Kapoor boasts of a decent role and sufficient screen-time. Ravi Kishan is impressive in a cameo. Adil Hussain has a menacing screen presence. Dhritiman Chatterjee is good. Ram Kapoor is laughable. Maryam Zakaria and Malika Haydon add to the glam quotient.The film starts with an interesting prologue in Afghanistan and ends with a witty epilogue in London . How we wish the globetrotting in between was as much compelling. The film is entertaining but not in entirety. Agent Vinod gets the nod though not whole-heartedly!Verdict: Above Average", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12364696", "title": "Finally, probe into Rajdhani Express guard fracas", "text": "KOLKATA: The GRP in Uttar Pradesh, after two days, have initiated a probe based on the complaint of some Rajdhani passengers allegedly harassed by the bodyguard of MP Kakoli Ghosh Dastidar. The probe is being conducted by an officer of DSP rank and the report will be handed over to O P Sagar, superintendent of railway police, Allahabad.Two passengers from Kolkata, who were travelling in an AC-II tier coach of the train, alleged that the MP's bodyguard - a state policeman from West Bengal - urinated on them and brandished his service revolver when they raised a protest. The incident took place in the wee hours on Monday. The policeman was allegedly in an inebriated state. The passengers - travelling up to Allahabad - lodged a written complaint with the train staff. In Allahabad, they also lodged a complaint at the SRP's office after the GRP at the station refused to accept the complaint.\"We will speak to the complainants for further details. Departmental proceedings will also be initiated against the GRP sub inspector who refused to accept the complaint at the Allahabad station,\" said Sagar.While Eastern Railway (ER) continues to drag its feet on the complaint lodged by Rajdhani Express passengers against the bodyguard of MP Kakoli Ghosh Dastidar , the government railway police (GRP) in Uttar Pradesh has already initiated a probe. The investigation is being conducted by an officer of deputy superintendent of police rank and the report will be handed over to O P Sagar, Superintendent of Railway Police (SRP), Allahabad, soon.\"The passengers went to lodge a complaint with the GRP at Allahabad station. When their complaint was not accepted there they lodged a written complaint of misbehaviour against the bodyguard of an MP with my office and we are not taking it lightly. A DSP is probing into the matter and I expect a report in the next two to three days. We will also speak to the complainants for further details. Departmental proceedings will also be initiated against the GRP sub inspector who refused to accept the complaint at the Allahabad station,\" Sagar said.In the wee hours on Monday, Two passengers from Kolkata, who were travelling in an AC-II tier coach of the train, alleged that the MP's bodyguard - a state policeman from West Bengal - peed on them and brandished his service revolver when a protest was raised. The incident took place in the wee hours on Monday. The policeman was allegedly in an inebriated state. The two passengers - who were travelling up to Allahabad - lodged a written complaint with the train staff. At Allahabad, they also lodged a complaint at the SRP's office.While the police have taken up the matter seriously, it appears that ER - which is in charge of the Rajdhani Express where the incident occurred - is trying to keeping the matter under wraps. While officials confirmed that a written complaint has been lodged with the train staff, little progress has been made after 48 hours.\"A complaint has been lodged with the GRP as well. This is primarily a law and order issue and they should carry out investigations. We have also received a complaint and are looking into the matter,\" said Samir Goswami, CPRO, ER. Till now, no effort has been made to get in touch with the complainants.Advocate Aryak Dutta or his client was travelling up to Allahabad on the train and it was upon them that the inebriated policeman relieved himself around 2 am on Monday. Dutta and his client lodged the complaints with the train staff and at the SRP's office.\"I have not been contacted by the railways till now,\" Dutta said on Wednesday evening.People across the country have expressed their outrage at the inaction on the part of the railways. The incident has brought to light that passengers - not even those travelling in the high-profile Rajdhani Expresses - are safe if somebody with clout decides to harass them. There was clearly no security on the train when the incident occurred otherwise the inebriated policeman should have been disarmed and placed under custody. A section of railway officials agree that the on-duty staff took a great risk. The man may have harassed other passengers, including women.\"Ideally, officials at Allahabad station should have been informed. Even if there wasn't sufficient time at Allahabad, officials at Kanpur should have been asked to be ready with a breath analyser. Officials and security staff should have checked the compartment and spoken to other passengers to ascertain whether there was truth in the complaint. This is normal procedure. Action should be taken against those in charge of the train,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "12365443", "title": "Nationalist Congress Party gain power in Yavatmal zilla parishad", "text": "YAVATMAL: The Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) has finally ousted Congress - the party which has ruled for 50 years - from the Yavatmal zilla parishad. Pravin Deshmukh and Yayati Naik of NCP have been elected as president and vice president respectively, for which the election was held on Wednesday.Pravin and Yayati defeated their nearest Congress rivals by a margin of 16 votes each. Both of them polled 39 votes each and the Congress candidates were polled 23 votes each in the 62 member house.It is pertinent to note that despite Congress emerging as the single largest party, it could not muster power due to the hung house. The NCP won 21 seats, while Shiv Sena got 12 and its ally BJP got 4 seats. While one seat each went to MNS and an Independent.NCP's local leaders were totally against making a post poll alliance with Congress but waited for the party high command for the final word. Accordingly, both the parties met in Yavatmal as well as Mumbai, but the leaders could not make any headway in the direction of striking a pact.Finally NCP state leadership advised local leaders to take any decision as per the situation prevailing in the local level. The NCP stalwart and minister Manoharrao Naik was authorized to take the final decision. Naik turned down Congress' offer and finally proposed the names of Pravin Deshmukh as president and his elder son Yayati Naik as vice president and a whip was issued accordingly to the members.Meanwhile Shiv Sena, BJP, MNS and the lone Independent extended their unconditional support to the NCP making strength of 39 votes.Four nominations were filed for the president's post and the candidates were Pravin Deshmukh (NCP), Rahul Thakre (the outgoing president), Pratap Rathod and Anil Mangulkar (Congress) while four nominations were filed for vice president's post which includes Yayati Naik (NCP), Narendra Thakre, Anil Mangulkar and Devanand Pawar (Congress). All the nominations were found valid during the scrutiny.However, Rahul Thakre and Anil Mangulkar of Congress had withdrawn their nominations from the president's election leaving behind Pravin Deshmukh (NCP) and Pratap Rahtod (Congress) in the fray and in straight contest, Pravin polled 39 votes while his nearest Congress candidate Pratap Rathod polled 23 votes.Similarly for the vice president's post, Congress candidates Devanand Pawar and Anil Mangulkar had withdrawn their nominations and Yayati Naik and Narendra Thakre were left in the fray. Yayati Naik bagged 39 votes as against 23 votes polled by Narendra Thakre.'Priority is to solve drinking water issue'Pravin Deshmukh and Yayati Naik jointly addressed a press conference in the ZP administrative building immediately after their election.Pravin pledged his services for the district's all round development. Among the priority, he said that the district will face an acute drinking water problem in the near future and the ZP would gear up its machineries to tackle the issue.\"The previous ZP officials failed to do any concrete work during the tenure and they adopted a time passing posture,\" Pravin said, adding that he will sincerely address the issues like health, drinking water, cleanliness, unemployment , farmers' suicide and empowerment of the women self help group in the villages.When asked if there was any pre condition from the Sena, BJP alliance for their support to NCP, Pravin said in negative and added that he would take everyone in confidence while administering the ZP affairs.Regarding the compulsion to forge an alliance with non secular forces, Pravin said that Congress had betrayed them during the second half of the last tenure but added that it was not a revenge on themThe elections of the sub committee chairmen will be scheduled on April 2 and every eye is now set on NCP's move and how it shares the posts with other parties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12365513", "title": "Gondia Congress MLA slams government for not granting medical college", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government was in for some embarrassment at the hands of a ruling party legislator during proceedings of the legislative assembly on Wednesday.Gopaldas Agrawal, a Congress legislator from Gondia, sat in protest in the well of the house alleging discrimination against his legislative constituency by ministers in the state government. Agrawal was objecting to the exclusion of Gondia from the list of districts selected for setting up of new medical colleges.Claiming that his district, which has a 400-bedded hospital, was initially shortlisted, Agrawal alleged that the ministers had changed the list. He added that he was disappointed that chief minister Prithviraj Chavan had excluded mention of a medical college at Gondia in his motion of thanks to the governor's address on Wednesday.Agrawal, who was joined by another legislator from the ruling alliance, and opposition MLAs Nana Patole and Dr Sanjay Kute (both BJP), refused to go back to his chair. Only after assembly speaker Dilip Walse Patil agreed to convene a meeting in this regard with Chavan and deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar did he suspend his protest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12367142", "title": "No check on water supplied by pvt players", "text": "KOCHI: If you are to rely on private tankersfor water supply, it is time you checked the quality. There is no quality guarantee for the water you buy and the corporation, which has power to conduct quality tests, is not doing anything to ensure it.In the absence of precautions, the chances for contracting water-borne diseases caused by coli form bacteria are high .Corporation's health committee chairman T K Ashraf confirmed that tankers supply water to Edakochi, Palluruthy Konam, Mattancherry and Fort Kochi to overcome shortage.\"The corporation supplies water through Kerala Water Authority and it is 100% potable and safe. The supply is calculated after ascertaining the demands made by councillors from affected areas and it varies everyday. However, there are instances where people buy water from private players, the quality of which we are not sure. The corporation is not checking the quality of water supplied by private players,\" Ashraf said.KWA, which conducts five quality tests before water reaches a consumer, does not check the water quality of private players.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12368981", "title": "Israeli film fest to be held in city", "text": "VADODARA: A two-day Israeli Film Festival will kick off in the city on Thursday. The Consulate of Israel (Mumbai), Friends of Israel and Lions Club of Baroda (main) have organised the film festival at Baroda High School (BHS), Alkapuri.Israel's consul general in India Orna Sagiv will inaugurate the film festival on Thursday at 6 pm. The movies that will be screened during the film festival include 'Je Taime I Love You Terminal' which will be screened on Thursday evening. On Friday two films - Desperado Square and Sima Vankin Witch - will be screened as part of the film festival.In another programme, Sagiv will be meeting students who are back from their Kibbutz Israeli Experience at Parsi Agyari at Sayajigunj on Friday morning. Since 1998, around 800 students have visited Israel under the Kibbutz programme supported by the Friends of Israel. On Friday, around 80 students will be meeting Sagiv.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12362757", "title": "Jhankar-2012 resonates at Panjab University", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Panjab University's annual cultural fest Jhankar 2012 kicked off with on Wednesday with a traditional 'jaago' and western dance performances.Panjab University Campus Students Council (PUCSC) members inaugurated the three-day event lighting the ceremonial lamp followed by a classical dance performance. They urged the university students to be a part of the evening shows that are open to all students.Over a dozen teams from affiliated colleges participated in the western dance and solo dance categories on the first day. Final audition rounds for Mr and Ms PU event, scheduled on Friday, were held on Wednesday.\"We are geared up to host the star night on Thursday and are requesting PU students to come along with their ID cards to avoid any hiccups,\" said Manoj from the organizing team.Payal, co-convener of the event, added, \"The attractions at Jhankar have been the comic events and traditional dances. While giddha and bhangra will be performed on Friday, other events, including mime and drama, have been lined up for Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12362819", "title": "Mahbubnagar loss queers TRS pitch", "text": "HYDERABAD: What should have been a grand celebration for the TRS has been marred by the Mahbubnagar assembly bypoll result, where its candidate Syed Ibrahim lost by less than 2,000 votes to the BJP. \"The TRS can stay content over the fact that it was able to retain all the seats held by its legislators. However, the Mahbubnagar result can threaten the image of the TRS as being the torch-bearer of the Telangana movement and embolden the BJP to foray deeper in the region in the future elections,\" said sources.TRS sources, however, claimed that the narrow victory of the BJP, that too in a Parliamentary constituency represented by its president, in no way weakens the hold of the party in the region. \"In 2009, Ibrahim was the TRS candidate and although he lost to independent N Rajeshwar Reddy, he managed to secure 33,143 votes. This time around, he managed to get 37,506 votes. However, the TRS could have romped home if the BJP had not fielded a candidate,\" TRS sources said.The Mahbubnagar assembly bypoll was necessitated due to the death of Rajeshwar Reddy. The BJP immediately requested its Telangana ally to leave the seat to it on the grounds that it was not a seat from where a sitting member had quit for the Telangana cause. However, the TRS, too, was determined to field a candidate. In hindsight, that appears to have cost the TRS dear.However, at a press conference on Wednesday, KCR was unfazed over the Mahbubnagar setback. \"I am happy that the Telangana sentiment has won. The total votes polled by both the political parties (TRS and BJP) indicate the strong sentiment prevailing among the people of Mahbubnagar,\" he said.Reiterating his demand for the introduction of the Telangana bill in Parliament during the ongoing budget session, the TRS chief demanded that Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi to honour their commitment on the creation of Telangana state.According to KCR, the by-election results were a slap on the face of Congress for betraying the people of Telangana on the statehood issue. \"Today's result is a victory for Telangana movement. The voters have also rejected the two-eyed policy of the TDP. The Congress is on its deathbed in Telangana. Both parties must put an end to the clandestine campaign to derail the Telangana struggle. From Adilabad to Kollapur, the popular vote is in favour of Telangana. It is time for leaders in Delhi to honour public sentiment and initiate the process of formation of Telangana at the earliest. I earnestly once again appeal to the honourable PM and Soniaji on behalf of the people to please deliver Telangana without any further delay. Please honour the people's verdict and recognize their aspirations. If you don't, your party will be buried for good in the region,\" he said.He called upon activists and leaders in TDP and Congress to quit their respective parties and join the TRS and strengthen the Telangana struggle. \"We have a long road ahead. Hence, we need to keep up the tempo of Telangana movement and re-dedicate ourselves to the cause,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12365615", "title": "Soon, MDR records at block levels to check women deaths in districts", "text": "ALLAHABAD: In a bid to check women deaths during or after pregnancy and also finding causes behind it, the state health authorities have decided to maintain MDR ( Maternal Death Review) records at blocks level across the districts.MDR has been introduced as an important strategy to improve the quality of obstetric care and reduce maternal mortality and morbidity.With the implementation of MDR, detailed information on various factors at facility, district, community, regional and national level will be ascertained that are needed to be addressed to reduce maternal deaths. Analysis of these deaths will be helpful to identify the delays that contribute to maternal deaths at various levels and the inputs used to adopt measures to check the menace.Top state health authorities had held a brain-storming session at state capital on Tuesday and decided that chief medical officers would be reviewing the status every month. If there are sensitive deaths, district magistrate would be reviewing. Performas would be sending to all primary/community health centers to be filled and submitted it with medical officers concerned.Chief Medical Officer, Allahabad, Dr Ramesh Kumar Srivastava told TOI that the objective of MDR was to identify various delays causing maternal deaths in the health facilities and to enable the health system to take corrective measures at various levels. He added that identifying maternal deaths would be the first step in the process of review, the second step would be the investigation of causes which led to the maternal death mainly clinical and systemic and the third step would be to take appropriate and corrective measures. It is estimated that at least three to four women die at blocks every month during or after pregnancy and such cases were not reported.Once the MDR implemented, health officials would be maintaining MDR registers for women death between 15 and 49 years. The MDR registers would have all details including name of the deceased, age, date of death, address, husband's name, cause of death (maternal or non-maternal), date of field investigation - if died due to maternal causes, specific reasons and action initiated).Other details like home, health facility on the road , during pregnancy , during deliveries, during abortion or within 6 weeks after the abortion, probable cause of death and status of newborn. Meanwhile, CMO added that for each case of maternal death, the MDR will be completed by the Medical Officer on duty /Medical Officer In charge Ward/Emergency within 24 hours of occurrence of the death, in consultation with the Facility Nodal Officer.Reviews will be taken up for all deaths reports that occurred in the specific geographical area, irrespective of place of death, be at home, facility or in transit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12363294", "title": "Rs 30L is highest offer in NMIMS placement", "text": "MUMBAI: The School of Business Management of Narsee Monjee Institute of Management Studies (NMIMS) concluded its final placement process for the 2012 batch this week. Even as the average salary package is almost the same as compared to last year at Rs 13.04 lakh, the highest package received by a student has gone up from Rs 24 lakh to Rs 30 lakh this year.An official from the institute said the number of companies participating in the placement season has remained the same. Most offers were made in the banking, financial services and insurance sector-around 27%. The other sectors where more number of students were placed were IT and FMCG. The highest salary offer was also made in the BFSI sector followed by the media and advertising industry.Of the 121 participating firms, 34% were new recruiters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12365678", "title": "Puja held in city for Ganga activist", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Rallying in support of the ongoing fast-unto-death undertaken by save Ganga activitist, Swami Gyan Swaroop, members of Prayagraj Sewa Samiti, under the leadership of convener, Teerthraj Pandey performed pujan of the holy Ganges at Sangam on Wednesday and prayed for the well being of Swami undergoing treatment at AIIMS.Later the activists staged a demonstration at Sangam area by inscribing the slogans in the form of tatoos on their body.Addressing the gathering Pandey said that the Central government was being ignorant towards Swami's demand of saving Ganga despite the fact that Ganga was the cultural heritage of mankind. The movement started by Swami should be supported by people from all quarters of society.On the other hand, members of Ma Ganga Sewa Mission, under the leadership of Bajrang Singh and D N Yadav also performed the Ganga pujan and abstained from food for the whole day to express solidarity with the Swami.India Against Corruption( IAC) activists led by Shyam Sunder Singh Patel also recited the Sunder Kand path to pray for the well being of Swami and demanded immediate intervention of the Centre in resolving the crisis.Sarva Yuva Vyapar Mandal, Prayag, volunteers lighted lamps and performed buddhi shuddhi yagya to support the movement undertaken by Swami Gyan Swaroop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "toronto", "code": "12365069", "title": "BlackBerry loses top spot to Apple in Canada", "text": "TORONTO: Research In Motion Ltd has been ousted from the top spot for smartphone shipments in its home market for the first time, trailing Apple Inc's iPhone.RIM, based in Waterloo, Ontario, shipped 2.08 million BlackBerrys last year in Canada , compared with 2.85 million units for Apple, data compiled by IDC and Bloomberg show. In 2010, the BlackBerry topped the iPhone by half a million, and in 2008, the year after the iPhone's debut, RIM outsold Apple by almost five to one.BlackBerry, one of the biggest consumer brands to emerge from Canada, had enjoyed more loyalty among locals who embraced its made-in-Canada roots. BlackBerry's loss of domestic preeminence shows the iPhone's user-friendly features and wealth of apps trump other considerations, said Paul Taylor , a fund manager at BMO Harris Private Banking in Toronto.\"For RIM, in its home market, to lose that No. 1 position to iPhone is strategically important,\" said Taylor, who manages about $15 billion in assets, including RIM and Apple shares. \"It does identify, even with a home-country bias, how consumers are responding to the greater functionality of the iPhone.\"To halt a sales slump that's spreading north from the US, Thorsten Heins, RIM's new chief executive officer, has vowed to do something \"dramatically different.\" The BlackBerry 7 phones introduced last year have better Web browsers and touchscreen navigation than older models and the BlackBerry 10 devices due out this year will represent further improvement, Heins said.Losing the waySales in Canada, which account for about 7 per cent of RIM's revenue, fell 23 per cent in the fiscal third quarter from a year earlier as US sales tumbled 45 per cent. That dragged worldwide revenue down 5.9 per cent, offsetting rising emerging-market sales.While RIM was once a hotbed of innovation, it didn't invest enough in promoting its devices once the iPhone arrived, said Alfred DuPuy of Interbrand, a research firm.\"They got so good at innovation they just expected the product to sell itself,\" said DuPuy, head of the firm's Toronto office. \"From a brand perspective, they just lost their way.\"BlackBerry slipped two spots to 54th in Interbrand's October 2011 ranking of the world's top 100 brands as Apple climbed nine spots to eighth.\"The challenge for Mr Heins is to take that iconic brand and products that are reasonably competitive and ensure that they do get appropriate attention from the average consumer,\" BMO Harris's Taylor said. \"That's the challenge: to reverse the negative sentiment that has developed.\"Betting on declineMarket-share losses, a series of marketing missteps and product delays sent the stock down 75 per cent last year and RIM yesterday closed lower at $14.04 in New York, down 90 per cent from its mid-2008 record. That hasn't stopped investors from betting on further declines. Short interest in RIM reached an eight-year high this month.RIM will probably say fourth-quarter profit fell by more than half to 82 cents a share when it reports results March 29, according to a Bloomberg survey of analysts. Sales probably dropped 18 percent to $4.53 billion, analysts predict. RIM said in December sales would be $4.6 billion to $4.9 billion.By contrast, Apple's fourth-quarter profit more than doubled to $13.1 billion -- almost triple RIM's sales -- as revenue surged 73 per cent to $46.3 billion. Apple fell 0.6 per cent yesterday in New York to $602.50. The shares have gained 49 per cent this year and have soared almost six-fold since 2009. Heidi Davidson, a spokeswoman for RIM, declined to comment, citing a quiet period ahead of earnings.Loyal customersStill, many of Canada's banks and the federal government remain loyal to RIM devices. Royal Bank of Canada , the country's largest bank, only issues BlackBerrys, said Katherine Gay, a spokeswoman for the Toronto-based bank. Bank of Nova Scotia and Bank of Montreal do the same.Toronto-Dominion Bank, which issues BlackBerrys to its staff, is assessing the policy and allows employees to use personal Apple and Android devices for corporate email, said Dave Codack, head of employee technology.BlackBerry still has an edge over the iPhone in some emerging markets. In the Middle East and Africa, RIM shipped 8.3 million handsets to Apple's 2.5 million iPhones last year. In Saudi Arabia , teenagers have embraced RIM because they can flirt using its free BlackBerry Messenger instant messaging, avoiding local religious police who restrict interaction between unmarried men and women.In Latin America, RIM outsells Apple by an even larger margin, with 10.6 million BlackBerrys shipped versus 2.1 million iPhones in 2011, according to IDC. Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez has dubbed his BlackBerry and Twitter account his \"secret weapon.\"More affordable", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12368476", "title": "IT Inc welcomes easing of US visa norms", "text": "NEW DELHI: In good news for Indian travellers, the United States on Wednesday said it would waive the personal interview for some Indians who are renewing their visas, valid or expired, within four years.\"This new programme will permit consular officers to waive interviews for some qualified applicants who are renewing their visa within 48 months or four years, of expiration of their previous visa and within the same classification as the previous visa,\" Assistant Secretary of State for Consular Affairs, Janice Jacobs said.The new rules will apply to those within categories of B1, B2, C and D.Asked to specify the possible beneficiaries, Jacobs, who is in the country for the 2nd US-India Consular Dialogue, said, \"It will apply for tourists, business travellers, crew members and for students.\"\"Beginning today, our consulates in India are introducing a new programme to streamline the visa renewal process. Over time, this programme has the potential to benefit hundreds of thousands of visa applicants here in India,\" she said.However, she also said not all applicants will be accepted for streamlined processing.\"India and US share mutual interest in global security and countering terrorism around the world. So, maintaining strict security standards in our visa process is a fundamental importance to all of our citizens. For that reason, our consular officers may request an applicant to appear in person for interview at any time for any reason during the visa application process,\" she said.\"The US is committed to providing an efficient and transparent visa application process,\" she said adding the US wants to encourage more Indians to visit the US. She pointed out that elimination of interview for those who qualify will save them time and money and will also free up \"our resources for interviewing more first time applicants\".As per the US Embassy figures, in 2011, more than 670,000 non-immigrant visa applications were processed, an increase of 11 per cent from 2010. Asked about reports that the number of rejections for visas under L category has gone up, Jacobs said the US has issued a record number of employment-based visas.Reports suggest the rejection rate of applications for L1 visas for Indians increased to 28 per cent of total applications during 2011, compared with 2.8 per cent in 2008. L1 visas are temporary non-immigrant visas that allow companies to relocate foreign qualified employees to its US offices and is a major draw for Indian IT companies having operations there.Asked if the issue of L1 visa will come up during her meeting with Indian officials, she said \"we are going to discuss a wide range of issues in our Consular dialogue. And I think the issue of employment-based visa may come up.\"We have issued a record number of employment based visa to Indian nationals both in H-1B and L category\", she said.James Herman, Minister (Counsellor) for Consular Affairs to India, added, \"I think the positive message here is that if you look at employment visas at large, we have issued a record number of H visas which we believe that lot of L visa categories should have been given H visas. India still gets a huge portion of H visas worldwide. They also get a large percentage of L visa worldwide. We would certainly be discussing this with the government of India tomorrow\", he said.Talking about agenda of the US-India Consular Dialogue, the State Department had said \"the agenda items include aligning US and Indian visa policies and children's issues. The United States encourages India's accession to the Hague Convention on the Civil Aspects of International Child Abduction.\"Jacobs will also address American and Indian business leaders at an event sponsored by the American Chamber of Commerce in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "12368795", "title": "Mukul government to focus on health, education", "text": "SHILLONG: The state's health and education sectors will be the focus areas for the government and several measures have been taken up for strengthening these vital areas for development of Meghalaya, chief minister Mukul Sangma said on Wednesday.The state government has received a letter from the Union finance ministry indicating clearance for an Asian Development Bank programme \"revolving around health and education,\" the chief minister, who also holds the finance portfolio, told the state in reply to discussions on the recently proposed budget. \"Huge amount of money will flow,\" he said referring to the project, which includes building of infrastructure and imparting adequate training to teachers across the state.Stating that infrastructure in education sector was not sufficient, Sangma said strategies have been chalked out to address the gap. Emphasizing on strengthening the entire education sector, he said the high rate of school dropouts and \"distressing pass percentage\" among students have been eye-openers for the government. In order to address the issue of very low amount of grants to non-governmental educational institutions, the CM said assistance to such institutions would be enhanced from the beginning of the 12th Plan.Regretting that pre-primary school teachers had been so far receiving less than prescribed minimum wages in the state, Sangma said that the revised honorarium for such teachers will be enhanced to Rs 6,000 per month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12362472", "title": "Girl wriggles out of trafficking net", "text": "NEW DELHI: The human trafficking racket seems entrenched in the capital with new cases of exploitation unfolding every day. This time, a harrowing tale of a 13-yearold girl has come to light. The victim was allegedly kidnapped from Ambedkar Nagar, southeast Delhi, pushed into pick-pocketing and then sexually assaulted till she finally wriggled out of the ring, police said.According to the victim's statement, she was kidnapped from near her residence on March 15 and taken to a house in Khanpur, south Delhi. Her captor, Sunder, confined the girl in a house and even forced her to take sedatives that made her lose consciousness, the girl told the child welfare committee. When she woke up in the morning, she found two other girls in the room. Sunder along with the girls pushed her into pick pocketing by promising her a good life.On March 17, the victim, along with the other girls, was made to board a bus where they stole a mobile phone and a wallet. That night, Sunder along with his accomplices, Sahil and Shahid, made the girl drink liquor. The girl fell unconscious and was then allegedly raped by Sunder, sources said.The next morning, the girl realized that she had been trapped and she escaped from the house. She stopped a passerby woman and asked her for help. Using the woman's cellphone, she informed her parents who immediately came to her rescue. Police was also informed. Section of rape and other relevant sections were added to the existing FIR and the girl was sent for medical examination. On Tuesday, the girl was produced before the CWC where her statement was recorded.Raaj Mangal Prasad, chairman, CWC, Lajpat Nagar, said, \"We have directed police to arrest the accused. It seems that the other two girls have also been trapped and their rescue has also been sought by us.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12362479", "title": "Doctor caught taking money for sex determination of foetus", "text": "JAIPUR: A gynecologist was caught for sex determination of the foetus in Vaishali Nagar on Wednesday. A joint team of the PCPNDT wing of the medical and health department and Vaishali Nagar police laid a trap in which the doctor was allegedly caught red-handed.Following complaints, the joint team sent a pregnant woman as a decoy to the doctor, identified as Pramila Choksey, who owns a private clinic at Vaishali Nagar.The patient asked the doctor if sex determination of the foetus was possible through sonography, to which the doctor replied in the positive and demanded that she be paid Rs 3,500 for the sex determination test.\"On Wednesday evening, when the woman made the payment in accordance with the trap laid, the officials caught the doctor red-handed,\" said Hardayal Singh, in-charge of the PCPNDT cell.The amount paid to the doctor was also recovered and now the cell will take up the case before the court.The doctor has been booked under appropriate sections of PCPNDT Act, 1994, for the alleged violation.In such cases, police do not arrest the doctor as the PCPNDT wing of the department is required to present such cases before the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12362749", "title": "Bangalore realty now cheaper with stamp duty at 5%", "text": "BANGALORE: Home buyers, struggling to keep pace with high interest rates and input costs, can breathe a little easy with this budget. The stamp duty has been reduced from 6% to 5% on sale deeds. The registration charge of 1%, however, remains.The stamp duty reduction translates into savings of Rs 50,000 on a Rs 50 lakh property. \"Reducing the stamp duty will make the product more affordable especially in today's high inflationary scenario. The move is in line with the JNNURM directive to state governments to maintain uniformity in stamp duty,\" said Irfan Razack, CMD, Prestige Group.J C Sharma, MD, Sobha Developers, said the move is an attempt to spur demand among home buyers who are sitting on the fence waiting for some bait. \"This is a progressive step,\" he said.Though the Bangalore market recorded healthy property sales compared to peers in the second and third quarters of 2011, sales were subdued in the fourth quarter. The Bangalore market saw absorption of 3,370 units in the fourth quarter, against 3,743 units in the third quarter, said a report by real estate consultancy Jones Lang LaSalle India.The budget has also reduced stamp duty from 6% to 1% (subject to a maximum of Rs 15 lakh) on the market value of the property in respect to joint development agreements and power of attorney. \"The state saw fewer joint development agreements last year because of high stamp duty. This move will revive joint development agreements,\" said Sharma.Ravindra Pai, MD, Century Real Estate, said people who had signed joint development agreements weren't executing them because of the high transaction cost. This could now change.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12363420", "title": "Shobha yatras to herald Gudi Padwa", "text": "MUMBAI: Across Vile Parle, Dadar, Girgaum, Dombivli and Thane, hundreds of young men, women and children are rehearsing for the annual grand parade-the shobha yatra that winds its way.Dressed in ethnic Maharashtrian finery, they perform lezim dance or lead motorcycle rallies. Women wear nineyard saris and phetas-the saffron or pink turban.Nearly 50,000 spectators will gather to watch the parade in Girgaum where 200 people, carrying saffron flags, will lead the 'dhwaj pathak' on Friday morning. \"The Girgaum shobha yatraoccupies place of pride on the Padwa calendar since the last ten years,\" says Ajit Bedekar, member of the Swami Vivekanand Yuva Pratishthan that organizes the rally. \"This year our theme is based on stories from Hindu mythology. A 20-ft tall statue of Lord Ram, made from bamboo and paper, is the highlight. No less than 60 mandals participate every year. It is inspiring to see disciplined rows of 200 people, marching through the streets to reinforce the mission of Indianness on Padwa.\"The suburban Vile Parle has its own grand parade, and this year, its organizer Mohan Apte has swung the spotlight on a topic that few know about. \"2012 has been declared as the year of mathematics in India as it marks the 125th birth anniversary of Ramanujam,\" says the author of 57 books. \"Our parade will be flanked by flex banners depicting him and other stalwart Indian mathematicians and astronomers like Bhaskaracharya, Aryabhatt and Varamihir.Interestingly, Bhaskaracharya's 900th birth anniversary comes in 2014. Other communities are also preparing to celebrate the new year by hosting variety of programmes followed by lavish meals. Sindhis have devised a grand Cheti Chand jo Melo at the Balkan ji Bari in Santa Cruz . Parts of south India , including Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh, celebrate the coming of spring, Ugadi, on this day.It is customary to consume amix of sweet, sour and bitter flavours, symbolizing the good and bad experiences of life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12362424", "title": "Now, students of degree colleges allege anomalies in evaluation", "text": "LUCKNOW: Two days after Lucknow University students staged protest against evaluation anomalies, the students of Kali Charan Degree College, AP Sen Memorial Girls Degree College and Khun Khun Ji Girls Degree College also came up with same complaints on Wednesday.A group of first semester MA students met the LU controller of examination Prof Yashvir Tyagi and handed over a memorandum on the mass failure of students in sociology. \"I asked the students to meet the head of sociology and sort out their problems,'' said Prof Tyagi.Students of AP Sen Memorial Girls Degree College said out of 52 students, 46 have failed in one or more papers of sociology. In Kali Charan College, out of 57 students, only three have passed the exams. Of the remaining, 12 will have to appear in backpaper while rest have failed. Similar complaints were received from Khun Khun Ji Girls Degree College and Maharaja Bijli Pasi Government College.Later, students apprised HoD sociology, Prof Rajesh Mishra, and apprised him presented their problems. \"Only students of Kali Charan College came to me. Most of them have failed in more than one subject. There were students who have failed in all four or three subjects. After a detailed talk, we have constituted a departmental committee to look into the evaluation anomalies. We are sympathetic towards students and have assured them all possible help,'' said Prof Mishra.Meanwhile, first semester law (Hons) students of Unity Law College created ruckus outside the college. The students alleged anomalies in evaluation. \"Nearly 70% students have failed in various subjects which include English, sociology and others. We want an immediate probe in the matter,'' said a student. The situation was brought to control when senior college authorities intervened.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12362457", "title": "Students left in tears, parents panic", "text": "For students and parents, Wednesday's chaos over exam centres translated into more than just an administrative slip-up.\"Only I know how I drove my car and dropped my son from M K Sangavi College to DTSS College in Malad. I risked our lives to get my son to the exam hall. The university should have cancelled the exam rather than changing the seating arrangement at the last minute,\" said Ramnath Iyer, father of Kartik, a TYBCom student.Three girls, who were allotted M K Sangavi College, Andheri, reached their centre at 10.30am but were asked to hurry to Matruchhaya College in Dahisar (east), the centre re-allotted to them a day before the exam. \"We don't know if we will reach Dahisar in time. What if they don't allow us to take the exam,\" they said in tears.Though officials claimed no one reached late, many students this paper spoke to said they only reached late, but were given extra time. \"All the colleges were given a blanket direction to permit any student who landed up to take the exam, irrespective of the centre allotted to them. This goof-up should not have happened, but we took the necessary precautions to ensure that students were not distressed ,\" said Rajpal Hande, director of the Board of College and University Development.At Narsee Monjee College of Commerce, two counters were set up at the gate to direct students who came early to their re-assigned centre.\"In all 27 students who came in late were allowed to take the exam from our college,\" said Sunil Mantri, NM College principal. In the confusion, a girl who was assigned M K Sangavi College was permitted to take the exam from NM College.Officials of St Rock's College, Borivli, who were asked to host the TYBCom exam on Tuesday, postponed the upcoming examinations of their junior college commerce students. \"On Wednesday morning , a staff member stood at the gate with the seating list and helped students to their exam hall,\" said vice-principal Neerja Sharan.MKCL, a state-run corporation which has the higher and technical education minister Rajesh Tope as its chairman, for the first time handled the pre-examination online process of capturing student data and then uploading the hall tickets on the website. College principals uploaded students' data on the MKCL portal in December. This data was forwarded to the university in instalments and all of it was finally received on March 16, said sources. \"However, the information was marred with a lot of errors and we had to cross-check each student's handwritten form with the data provided by MKCL. Hall tickets were issued after the errors were rectified,\" said sources, explaining the delay. What made matters worse was that close to 10,000 forms did not specify the area code for selecting an exam centre, added another source.The university received a report from the central computing facility, headed by Durgesh N Mujumdar , and from MKCL and is analyzing both. \"Suspending Mujumdar was an administrative decision , but we are probing his role in the slip-up . If MKCL is at fault, action will be taken,\" said Hande. Vivek Sawant, MKCL's managing director, refused to comment. Tope said he would call for a secretarylevel enquiry into the matter. The Maharashtra Coaching Class Owners' Association sent an open letter to the vice-chancellor stating students should be allowed to select a college near their residence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12366150", "title": "Shatabdi off popular track", "text": "LUDHIANA: Residents had to wait for almost two years to get a direct Shatabdi for Delhi, but somehow the wait didn't prove worth it. So much so that despite the long waiting list in Amritsar-bound Shatabdi, people are not ready to travel in Ludhiana-Delhi Shatabdi. Reason, the timings did not suit people, and many also complained it takes longer to reach Delhi. Due to this poor response, authorities are now least interested in making the train regular. The residents, especially businessmen who travel frequently to Delhi, claim the train takes over 5 hours to reach Delhi and is irregular with timings.According to railway reservation department, people have the option of taking 3 Shatabdis for Delhi, two from Amritsar and one from Ludhiana but still many prefer travelling in Amritsar-Delhi Shatabdi. In Amritsar-Delhi Shatabdi and Swaran Shatabdi, waiting list is between 50-100 on average days while during the peak season, it goes up to 100 and 150. As compared to these two, reservation in Ludhiana-Delhi Shatabdi is between 150 and 200 seats in the chair car against total 550 seats and 20-25 seats in executive class against 29 seats.Sources say in Amritsar-bound Shatabdis, city residents do not get adequate quota and have to pay extra and also book tickets from Beas station or reserve seats through tatkal if they want confirmed seats. Senior divisional commercial manager (SDCM) of Ferozepur rail division, M M Singh said, The occupancy in Ludhiana-Delhi Shatabdi is very poor, so it is not possible to run it on all the days in a week.a?? Regarding timing problem and the route, he says, a??There are already two Shatabdis on main track but on Dhuri Jakhal route there was no train, so we started this train on that route. It does not make much difference.a?? Meanwhile, in December 2008, railway authorities had started Ludhiana-Delhi Shatabdi but due to poor services and lack of punctuality, the train failed in gaining popularity. Consequently, the authorities had discontinued the train in February 2009 following which there was a strong demand from residents to start this train again.Fact file L Ludhiana Delhi Shatabdi (12037/12038) had started on Nov 4, 2011, for 4 days a week on trial basis. It follows the route of Dhuri-Jakhal railway line and stops at Sangrur and Rohtak instead of taking the main railway line between Amritsar and Delhi. The train starts from city station at 4.40pm and reaches Delhi at 10.05pm and on return journey , starts from Delhi at 7am and reaches Ludhiana at 12.20pm. It runs on Monday, Tuesday, Friday and Saturday", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12362731", "title": "Mansa messes up Modi magic", "text": "AHMEDABAD: 'Budhware bevdaay' goes a Gujarati saying meaning anything that happens on a Wednesday keeps repeating itself. As Congress crushed BJP in its own backyard - the saffron party lost Mansa assembly by-polls after 17 years - leaders from both parties wondered whether the political winds in Gujarat had started to change ahead of the assembly elections due later this year.The results come as a rude shock for chief minister Narendra Modi , who aims to capture a record 150 out of a total of 182 assembly seats in what was seen as a walk in the park for him.Congress candidate Babuji Thakore defeated BJP's D D Patel by 8,188 votes - more than BJP's victory margins of the past three polls put together in Mansa which falls just north of state capital Gandhinagar.Adding to Modi's worries are the united colours of state Congress, which has been mired by factionalism over years.The seat, which fell vacant on the death of former assembly speaker Mangaldas Patel, is important for two major reasons. First, it is the home town of key Modi aide and ex-minister of state for home, Amit Shah, who is barred by court orders from entering Gujarat lest he influences witnesses in a fake encounter case.Secondly, it symbolizes in a microcosm three numerically strong communities of north Gujarat - Patels, Choudharis and Thakores.A senior BJP leader admitted to TOI that Choudharis and Thakores, both OBC groups, backed the Congress together for the first time. Much of the credit for the win is being given to Congress election campaign committee chief Shankarsinh Vaghela who made this election a grudge match against Modi. The result has revived flagging fortunes of Vaghela who is again being seen as the main spearhead for the Congress against Modi.Congress leader Narhari Amin, who campaigned in Mansa, said results of the polls have come as a shot in the arm for Congress which has not tasted power in Gujarat for a long time. \"We worked as a team and stuck to the basics. People have realized that much of the development talk is an eye wash,\" he said.Senior BJP ministers who were deployed in Mansa in large numbers could not sort out issues between factions of Patel community, namely 'Paavi samaj' and 'Rupiyo samaj'. The resultant rift caused heavy damage. Local issues like a murder of an OBC youth in Ridrol village also went against BJP.The Mansa results left many sniffing for signs of strong anti-incumbency in a state where Modi was believed to be only getting stronger. The CM had recently held his Sadbhavana fast in Mansa and also took the Garib Kalyan Mela here. Local BJP workers attributed the loss to arrogance of their own leaders.The Congressmen went in the celebration mode as soon as the party candidate for Masna bypoll, Babuji Thakore, was declared winner. The Congress MLAs were seen distributing sweets to all the visitors to the office of chief minister Narendra Modi. They also shouted slogan outside Modi's office.Later in the day hundreds of workers and leaders gathered outside the Gujarat Pradesh Congress Committee (GPCC) office. \"It looked as if the party had come to power in the state,\" said a party MLA. After the Gandhinagar Municipal Corporation this news was second welcome sign for the party.The road near the GPCC was blocked with the vehicles as Congress workers busted crackers. Senior leaders like Shaktisinh Gohil, Shankersinh Vaghela and Arjun Modhwadia also took part in the celebrations outside the GPCC office.Thakore reached the GPCC office later in the day. Party state head Arjun Modhwadia said that the victory of the Congress won because the people of Gujarat have started hating the BJP. \"For the BJP it was money and muscle power, along with the administrative support. Even Modi was monitoring the entire election process from his office.\"Modhwadia said that the Mansa was the beginning of the new era in the state and a trailer of what will be the outcome in the state assembly elections scheduled for later this year.Chairman of the state election committee Shankersinh Vaghela said that the best part of this election was that the entire Congress team was united and there were no differences over the candidate. He said that the Congress will fight the 2012 election with the same unity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12365899", "title": "Rs 1,734 crore spent but Nagpur remains thirsty", "text": "NAGPUR: With mercury touching 40 degrees Celsius, citizens have started to worry about water supply in ensuing summer season. The bad news is water shortage will continue to prevail though it might be a little less than in previous years. Despite spending whopping sums, Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has failed to strengthen the water supply system as projects have remained incomplete.NMC is supposed to get 245.71 million meter cube (MMC) water including 190 MMC from Totladoh and 55.71 from Kanhan. This is much more than demand. Still, water scarcity persists. The major problem is lack of infrastructure and over 45-50% losses to leakage and pilferage. To strengthen the water works and reduce the losses, Central government had sanctioned 13 projects to NMC and one project to NIT under JNNURM from 2006 onwards.The awarded cost of 13 projects was Rs 1,669.15 crore and for NIT it was Rs 65.65 crore. The approved cost of NIT's project was Rs 296.39 crore but works could not be awarded due to problems with reservation in unauthorized layouts. All works were to be completed by March 31 this year. However, NMC could complete only four projects. If the works had been completed in time, the city would have been rid of scarcity.Under JNNURM, NMC was to construct 22 overhead water tanks and two ground reservoirs at a cost of Rs 39.30 crore. The works were to be completed by December 2010 but are still incomplete.Currently, NMC is supplying 620-627 million litres per day (MLD) to the city. With population of 24.05 lakh, each person gets 240 litres a day which is much above than national standard of 135 litres per day. Due to NMC's failure to reduce losses, however, water is not reaching the citizens. There are also large number of unauthorized layouts, especially in North, East and South Nagpur, that have no water supply network.These will continue to face severe water shortage. Citizens residing in West, South-West and a few parts of Central and South Nagpur will not have to worry except during breakdowns.Executive engineer Shashikant Hastak said the situation would better compared to past years. \"We are able to supply an additional 80 MLD from newly constructed Kanhan Water Treatment Plant. The problems start with water drying in Kanhan river. Luckily, it did not happen in January and February like past years. Private operator Orange City Water Limited (OCWL) has been directed to monitor the level in the river. Water will be released into Kanhan from Totladoh if needed. Water supply to many unauthorized layouts coming under NIT has also been started. Total 284 water tankers have been engaged to supply to layouts lacking network. Much depends upon the valve operation and OCWL has been directed to ensure proper work,\" he said.Meanwhile, mayor Anil Sole, other office bearers including Praveen Datke, Dayashankar Tiwari, Sandip Joshi and others held a review meeting on Wednesday and directed the officials to ensure no water shortage happens during summer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12366425", "title": "I didn't even know who Priyamani was: Kamaal R Khan", "text": "As Priyamani rebuffs his offer on twitter to act in his film Deshdrohi 2, actor-writer-producer Kamaal R Khan says, it doesn't bother him in the least because \"I didn't even know who Priyamani was.I just saw her pictures and profile and presumed that she might be an actress, though I had neither heard about her, nor seen any of her films. So, I sent her a message on the networking profile. If she's not interested in my film, I hold no grudges against her!\"The girl has gone on record to say that she will not even reply to his message. Does that rankle? KRK replies: \"You can't expect girls to respect anyone! Nothing personal against Priyamani, but most of the actresses these days are there in the industry for just two films. Out of 150 actresses in Bollywood, around 20 or 25 are working regularly. What about the rest of them! Do you think they have big factories or thriving businesses to enjoy amazing perks? Obviously not! They are enjoying all the luxuries, best cars finest clothes and jewellery thanks to their boyfriends. So, they don't care about anything or anyone! As far as Deshdrohi is concerned, we are not looking for an established actress. We just want a fresh girl, who is heroine material! And we are already in the process of shortlisting the names.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12362807", "title": "HC to hear PIL on child begging", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay High Court on Thursday will hear public interest litigation on exploitation of children in begging rackets across the city. Jaya Guliani, a lawyer, has filed the PIL mentioning violation and apathy by authorities on the implementation, enforcement and protection of fundamental rights and laws to ensure children's rights and their right to education.The PIL states that it is common knowledge that in Mumbai hundreds of infants and children are used and sighted at every traffic signal, railway platform and road side begging or drugged and sleeping at the feet of adults to seek alms.The PIL has sought judicial intervention to abolish use of children for begging and provide them with their constitutional rights of life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "12362604", "title": "Board exams start only on Thursday", "text": "AJMER: Class X exams of the Rajasthan Board of Secondary Education start from Thursday, in which more than 10,13,000 students from the state are appearing. Exams of Class XII began on last Thursday.\"Thursday\" has been chosen as the day to start the exams and declare the results. For the last 50 years, the board considers \"Thursday\" as a propitious day to start examination.\"In last 25 years of my service, every year we start the examinations on a Thursday and we are instructed to choose a Thursday in March for it,\" said an official of secrecy department of the board.Apart from starting exams on a Thursday, the results, too, are declared on the same day in the month of June. \"It is a trend and we follow it,\" said Subhash Garg, chairman of the board. Previously, a religious ceremony was organized in the board premises before sending the examination material to different districts.This year, board was more careful about the security of question papers and checking mass copying in the state. \"The question papers are kept in nearby police stations and where the school is located more than 20 km away, home guard and a border home guard were deputed for security,\" said Garg. \"No private school is allowed to keep the papers and supervisor of education department will conduct the exam at that centre,\" Garg added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12367597", "title": "Sony Ericsson to pay Rs 12,000 for selling defective mobile", "text": "NEW DELHI: Mobile handset manufacturer Sony Ericsson has been ordered by a consumer forum here to pay over Rs 12,000, including compensation, to a customer for selling her a defective handset and then not repairing it.A Delhi District Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum ordered Sony Ericsson Mobile Communications Pvt Ltd to pay the sum to Rohini resident Barkha Gupta on her plea alleging that the Sony Ericsson handset, bought by her from Spice Retail Ltd, turned out to be defective and the mobile company's service centre failed to repair it.The forum presided by Rakesh Kapoor held that the mobile phone sold to Barkha was defective since the allegation was not contested by Sony Ericsson, which was proceeded against ex-parte.\"We are convinced after checking with the uncontested facts that mobile set has manufacturing defect and hence Sony Ericsson is directed to refund the amount of Rs 4,650 along with compensation to the tune of Rs 3,000 and also the litigation cost worth Rs 5,000,\" it said.Barkha had said in her plea that the mobile purchased by her for Rs 4,650 in January last year developed some snag within a few months after which she took it to the service centre, Mobile Gallery and Services, for repairs in May 2011.She said the service centre returned the mobile after a month, but it began stopped functioning and became totally dead, despite undergoing software upgrades twice as well as replacement of its motherboard.She added despite the manufacturing defect, neither the mobile company nor the retail shop agreed to replace the set.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12366135", "title": "Next couple of days will be windy", "text": "LUDHIANA: The effects of unruly winds that took a toll of human lives and property in Kashmir valley was evident in city where mild cold winds continued to blow, making the weather pleasant for residents. The agro-meteorology scientists, who study weather and its effects on crops, say the winds will continue for a day or two after which the weather will be dry. K K Gill, associate agro-meteorologist at PAU says, \"The sudden drop in the temperature was due to cool, south easterly winds which had their genesis in low air pressure zone, created due to the temperature crossing 32 degrees celsius mark on Monday. a??On Wednesday, north westerly winds also started blowing over the city, which brought the temperature further down. These winds will prevail for a day or two after which the weather will remain dry,a?? K K Gill added. Sarabjeet Singh, 45, businessman of BRS Nagar says, a??Monday was very hot but the winds which started blowing over the city brought the much needed respite. Chill in the air on the onset of summer has made weather pleasant and we are enjoying it.a??", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12362666", "title": "BSY aide's nomination rejected", "text": "Electoral authorities on Wednesday rejected the nomination papers of rebel BJP candidate BJ Puttaswamy in the March 30 biennial elections to four Rajya Sabha seats from Karnataka.The rejection paves the way for smooth election of the four contenders remaining in the fray: BJP's Basavaraj Patil Sedam and R Ramakrishna, K Rahman Khan of the Congress and industrialist Rajeev Chandrashekhar who is contesting as an Independent.The election will become formal after the deadline for withdrawal of nominations expires on Friday.The ground cited for rejection of Puttaswamy's nomination was violation of the office-of-profit provision. Legislative assembly secretary P Omprakasha, also returning officer for the election, rejected the papers after scrutiny.Though Puttaswamy, who was political secretary to the CM, resigned from the post two days ago, it was accepted only on Thursday, thereby attracting the office-of-profit clause.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12368304", "title": "Samantha Morton misses Jaipur", "text": "British actor Samantha Morton whose character was much-admired in the film John Carterin a free-wheeling chat about Bollywood, her upcoming projects and her character Sola in John Carter .Can you please tell us about your role as 'Sola' in \"John Carter\"?I would describe Sola as a gentle giant capable of so much loving, thoughtful, strong, compassionate and vulnerable.What attracted you to the film when you were first presented with the script? My desire to play Sola and work on this film came from the same place as all my other roles, the Story, Director and the part were all just perfect for me.Can you tell us about the look of your character 'Sola'?Sola is gentle and kind and this is shown through her eyes. She is fierce like all Tharks but with a difference.Did the role challenge you as an actor in any way? Did you have to learn new skills to perform the role?The role was very challenging both physically and mentally.What was the toughest part of filming \"John Carter\"?Wearing a head camera attached in the Arizona heat was intense!As an actor, do you find it easier or more challenging to perform a character based on a book? Does it give you enough space to add your touch to the character?A great question! I find it helpful as you can investigate the background of a character if you so desire...Can you please tell us about your upcoming projects?I'm in David Cronenbergs' \"Cosmopolis\", \"Decoding Annie Parker\", and attached to various other films as both an Actor and Director.Have you ever been to India? If so can you please tell us about your experience? Or if not, would you ever like to?I have, I shot Michael Winterbottom's \"Code 46\". I loved it, we were in Jaipur. I missed it so much when I came back to the UK.Recently there have been a lot of Hollywood and Bollywood actors and filmmakers working together. What do you think about this?I think the film world should be an international community all working for the greater good of Cinema.If you were to work in an Indian film, what would you want it to be like?I would want to work with a filmmaker with a unique voice, and a story that needs to be told.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12364925", "title": "Pop art on Saswata Chatterjee's character", "text": "Kitne aadmi thay?\" Gabbar Singh had asked and walked into Bollywood history. Another villain - far more common, far more sinister - is duck-waddling down Gabbar's path and becoming the stuff of matinee legends. His staple line? \"Nomoshkar. Ami Bob Biswas. Ek minute.\"The Bangali babu-cum-contract killer from Sujoy Ghosh's latest film has generated a huge buzz online since the March 9 release. Bob has a Facebook profile, loads of fan art on Twitter - now, the latest buzz is that Bob's shady life is going to be turned into a graphic novel.Sujoy, however, is holding the cards close to his chest - much like Bob, actually. \"A young bunch of kids and movie buffs in Kolkata and Mumbai are planning a graphic novel on the character. They had spoken to me about it and I want to help them out. But they have to get a script in place for that,\" he says.The director is \"flattered\" by the fan frenzy that the character has generated. Unlike other pre-release graphic novels, this is not a franchise spinoff or publicity stunt. Says Sujoy, \"If I say I was expecting these euphoric reactions when I was creating the character, I would be lying. Of course, we had a certain format in mind for Bob Biswas, which was that he could be any one of us. If you watch each frame carefully, you'll notice that Bob is always surrounded by people. Bob could be beside you, and yet you would have no clue who he really is. That's what makes Bob Biswas so scary.\"The filmmaker adds that this kind of frenzy is generally reserved for superheroes or iconic characters. \"It's amazing that people are paying attention to second-rung characters,\" he says. So, is Bob the new cult villain? \"You bet he is. I have no doubt in my mind about that,\" Sujoy says promptly.Bob wins his fans' biswasHe loves it that credit, accolades and appreciation have been pouring in for the job well done on Twitter. This is a message he retweeted: \"@toonfactory: I think u should make a Bob Biswas Graphic Novel, here's a superb fan art by my buddy @Pictorialcinema\".As for the man who brought Bob Biswas to life, Saswata Chatterjee is at a loss of words about the impact of his villain. \"I hadn't ever expected that a cold-blooded killer could become so popular. I have played negative characters earlier too but none have brought me this sort of recognition. Bob did not have too many dialogues. It was all about the body language. Thanks to Sujoy Ghosh for giving me this role,\" says an elated Saswata.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "thiruvananthpauram/kannur", "code": "12368644", "title": "Protests by pro-Left bodies turn violent", "text": "THIRUVANANTHPAURAM/KANNUR: Protest marches by Left youth organizations to district collectorates and assembly on Wednesday were marred by violence.They were protesting against the state government decision to increase retirement age of government employees to 56.Several protesters, policemen and media persons were injured in the collectorate marches that turned violent in Kannur, Kasaragod, Malappuram, Palakkad, Kottayam and Alappuzha districts.Over 60 persons, including five policemen were injured in a scuffle between cops and protesters in Kannur. Tension prevailed at the collectorate complex and adjacent areas for hours as protesters barged into the compound and resorted to violence. A few of them organized a sit-in in front of the collector's chamber. District collector Rethan Kelkar who took charge on Monday was not in his office when the incident took place.Meanwhile the district police drew flak for its tepid response to violence unleashed by the protesters. District police chief Rahul R Nair, who reached the spot only after the situation was under control, was seen lambasting the policemen for their failure to handle the situation.Kannur town police said they have taken 36 people into custody in connection with the collectorate attack.In Kasaragod district, police hurled tear gas shells to disperse the protesters engaged in incessant stone pelting. Five DYFI workers and five police personnel, including two women constables, were injured in the violence. Police used grenades and 12 rounds of tear gas shells against the protesters.Seven police personnel and five protesters were injured when the march to Kottayam collectorate turned violent. Police resorted to lathi-charge, as the protesters started heavy stone pelting. Tear gas shells were hurled against the agitators in Palakkad as well, following stone pelting and ensuing violence.In Thiruvananthapuram, police resorted to water cannon as the march turned violent, after the agitators were stopped a few yards away from the state legislative assembly.CPM state secretariat has condemned the action against protesters. \"The police action against youth activists were inhuman and undemocratic,\" the CPM state secretariat said in a statement here.\"There was no justification for the cruel police action against protesters. More than 100 pro-Left youth workers and leaders were injured in the police action across the state. Police attacked youngsters as if they belong to an enemy group. The government should understand the merit of the protest against increase in retirement age. The issue should be resolved through dialogues and consensus. People in Kerala will not agree with chief minister Oommen Chandy's bid to silence the protesters with an iron fist,\" the statement said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "12366303", "title": "Four kidnappings by Maoists in six years", "text": "BERHAMPUR: The abduction of two Italians by Maoists may be the first kidnapping of foreigners in the country but the strategy and demands are similar to those carried out by the Red rebels in the past. In the last six years, four such incidents, including the recent kidnapping of the two Italians, have taken place in southern Odisha. In each case, the hostages were released unharmed.The first such incident took place at R Udayagiri in Gajapati district on March 24, 2006, when two government officers, including a policeman, were kidnapped by the Red rebels after looting arms and ammunition from the police station. These two officials were IIC of G Udayagiri, Ranjan Kumar Mallick, and jail superintendent R N Sethi. They were freed after 10 days.The second such incident took place in Gajapati's Guduripanka village in Mohana block on August 9, 2007. Binod Kumar Kissan, a junior engineer, and a peon were abducted by Red rebels when they were going to the village for inspection. They were freed after three days.But the abduction of Malkangiri collector R Vineel Krishna and a junior engineer Pabitra Mohan Majhi on February 14, 2011 in Malkangiri got the maximum media glare. The IAS officer and the junior engineer were set free after the government negotiated with the interlocutors on their 14-point charter of demands. The entire state also appealed to the extremists to release the collector.Except one, all the incidents had taken place during February and March, just before the onset of summer. \"During this period, the forest is dry and the climate is suitable to keep the persons safe. It may be one of the reasons for Maoists choosing this period for abduction,\" said a social activist. But a senior police officer dismissed the theory.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12355013", "title": "Swanand Kirkire to judge", "text": "After singer Shaan and music composer Shantanu Moitra, popular lyricist Swanand Kirkire has been finalised as the third judge of a music reality show.The show to be hosted by Mandira Bedi will launch on March 31. Aneek Dhar and Sreeram Chandra are a few names confirmed for the show.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12362785", "title": "Creativity blooms in hotel management competition", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Garnishing mouth watering delicacies with their creativity, toppers of hotel management from across North India competed on Wednesday to prepare the finest of Italian cakes, Swiss desserts and healthy breads. The award-winning cake \" Novelle\" was prepared Mohd Husan and Rohit Kumar of IHM, Gurdaspur, who also won the best entry award.13 teams of hotel management students from across North India contested in the third North India Inter Hotel Management Institutes Patisserie competition hosted by Chandigarh Institute of Hotel Management (CIHM) in Sector 42. \"We used Swiss cheese cheddar in the innovative bread category and embedded jalapenos, olives and oreganos in it,\" said Husan.While the Italian entry from IHM Gurdaspur was adjudged the best, city students from IHM Chandigarh creativity induced \"Gulab Jal\" with mousse to come up with a unique \"Rose Mousse\" cake and named their entry \"Gulaboo\".Students who came up with the best recipe in all three categories including decorated cake, platted dessert and innovative bread were adjudged the winners. In a close contest, the team from CIHM students, who stood second, named their recipe \"musical harmony\" that included decorated cake that figured guitar, piano and other instruments.\"Students came up with recipes that were very close to the industry trends. Innovative breads were prepared that included those made with ragi flour, nutria, bell pepper and sprouts stuffed breads,\" said Vishal Kalia, faculty member at CIHM, Sector 42.\"Popular sugar substitutes should not be mistaken to be safe in puddings, cakes and desserts. These may hike calories by a much higher proportion even as they are claimed to be sugar substitutes,\" said Umesh Mattoo corporate chef of a leading chain of hostels in Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12362673", "title": "Seven-month-old Divya had to wait for five hours for an audience with chief minister", "text": "BANGALORE: Seven-month-old Divya had to wait for five hours for an audience with chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda at the Janata Darshan on Monday. She wanted help for undergoing a heart surgery. But the child and her parents had to return empty-handed because all that Gowda could offer them was an assurance.Reading about Divya's plight in these columns on Tuesday, a group of six women from the city and the Narayana Hrudayalaya Foundation have come forward to bear the surgery expenses. Divya has been diagnosed with a hole in the heart and needs surgery.Dr Devi Prasad Shetty, chairman, Narayana Hrudayalaya Foundation, called TOI and offered to treat the child.\"We have contacted the child's father and asked them to come to us with her medical reports. Divya will have to undergo some more tests, after which the line of treatment will be finalized. It will probably be an open-heart surgery,\" a foundation spokesperson said.A few TOI readers, too, have come forward to sponsor Divya's treatment.IT professional Amruta Dwivedi (37) said she wants to sponsor the child's treatment. \"I read the newspaper report and immediately posted the link on my Facebook profile. The response has been amazing. I and my five friends want to contribute for the child's treatment. I can understand her parents' trauma as I too am a mother of a 5-month-old girl. We cannot wait for politicians to act in such emergency cases. The onus is also on us to contribute,\" said Amruta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12365614", "title": "Deepika, Sidhartha to enjoy single-again status", "text": "Now that Deepika Padukone and Sidhartha Mallya have parted ways, their lives are seemingly crowed with hopefuls with grand designs to make the most of their single-again status.While Deepika's former boyfriend Ranbir has gifted her a piano - Mallya Jr too has not fallen short of admirers. This diarist can tell you, that at a recent party in the Capital, the dapper Sid was the cynosure of all female eyes, especially a certain actress who made no effort to be discreet about her sudden fondness for him.The starlet, best known for her wild curls, was busy whispering sweet nothings into his ear in her thickly accented English. The two left the venue together, but not before the starlet had ensured that she had everyone's attention. As far as we can tell, the strategy did work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12362524", "title": "Builders bemoan hurdles, axe fairs", "text": "MUMBAI: Fear, anxiety and anger have gripped builders across the Mumbai Metropolitan Region. In a heated meeting held at a private club in the Bandra-Kurla Complex (BKC) on Tuesday night, around 100 members of the Maharashtra Chamber of Housing Industry (MCHI) decided to cancel or postpone three property exhibitions scheduled for next month.This is the first time in years that the exhibitions have been cancelled. Sources said the atmosphere at the meeting was tense and at times combative , as developers complained about inordinate delays in procuring building permissions from various government agencies.The exhibitions include one by Raigad builders scheduled for the first week of April in Navi Mumbai, one by Thane developers scheduled for April-end , and Mumbai builders' biennial exhibition, scheduled for April 12-15 in the BKC. These have been a regular feature for ten years, attracting thousands of visitors and prospective buyers.During Tuesday night's meeting, MCHI members said holding exhibitions made no sense because many of them did not have enough projects to show clients. \"There is a general sense among our members that permissions are caught in a bureaucratic tangle. Such delays are leading to cost escalation,\" MCHI president Paras Gundecha told TOI.At the meeting, tempers flared as developers from Mumbai, Navi Mumbai, Kalyan-Dombivli, Thane, Raigad and Mira-Bhayander got into a heated discussion about projects running behind schedule and slow apartment sales. Several builders told TOI that their biggest grouse was against the environment ministry, where approvals for a building project can take 18 months to two years. Sources said that at least 400 project files are currently awaiting environmental clearances. \"The ministry should frame a template which builders must follow instead of making us run around for months,\" they said.The BMC's high-rise committee, they said, was another major hindrance where approvals take a minimum of six months. Municipal commissioner Subodh Kumar has asked the state government to scrap this committee. In 2010, a member of the committee, structural consultant Sailesh Mahimtura, was arrested by the anti-corruption bureau for his alleged role in demanding Rs 1 crore in bribe from a Matunga-based builder for approving his project.The BMC's new building approvals system has also caused heartburn among developers, who said officials at the lower level were unwilling to process files and send them to superiors.\"They are too scared to put their signatures on them,\" said a developer . Two weeks ago, the civic chief held a meeting of over 100 engineers involved in building approvals and briefed them about how to process files. \"But many still do not want to take decisions,\" said a builder.Last year, the Practicing Engineers, Architects and Town Planners Association (PEATA), the oldest and largest body representing these professionals, said it took an average of 558 man days to procure a set of permissions from the BMC. In January, the civic body issued a circular warning its building proposals (BP) staff that \"any lapse in approving building plans within 60 days will be viewed seriously\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12365534", "title": "Nationalist Congress Party joins hands with BJP-Shiv Sena combine", "text": "NAGPUR: In a master stroke which could be a game changer in state's politics, the Nationalist Congress Party on Wednesday left its traditional ally the Congress in the lurch to gain power in zilla parishads in Maharashtra. For this, it joined hands with the BJP-Shiv Sena saffron combine and smaller local parties.NCP won president's post in 13 and of vice-president's in 14 while the Congress had to be content with 7 and four respectively. The loss of both posts in Yavatmal, the home turf of state Congress president Manikrao Thakre, is being seen as the biggest of shocks across Maharashtra. The NCP move is being seen as a well-planned strategy executed by its no-holds-barred leader and deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar.Polling for 27 ZPs was held on February 7 while election was held on Wednesday for the posts of presidents and vice-presidents deciding control of the ZPs. In Vidarbha, of the 7 districts where ZP elections were held, the Congress and NCP were together only in Wardha and Buldhana and got the top ZP posts. In five other districts - Nagpur, Chandrapur, Gadchiroli, Yavatmal and Amravati - the NCP joined hands with other political parties, including BJP and Shiv Sena which were always shunned as 'communal'.In Nagpur, amid speculation that the Cong-NCP was trying to split the Shiv Sena elected members, NCP threw a surprise by supporting BJP candidate Sandhya Gotmare for the president's post and in the bargain got support for NCP's Chandrashekhar Chikhale as vice-president. The NCP will thus share power in Nagpur with BJP, Sena and Gondwana Gantantrik Party, taking their combined strength to 38 in the 59-member house.NCP pulled off the stunt ignoring the fact that the Congress was the single largest party in Amravati, Yavatmal, Gadchiroli and Chandrapur. Thus, the effort looked more to keep the Congress out of action and increase NCP's presence in Vidarbha.In Yavatmal, Pravin Deshmukh and Yayati Naik of NCP were elected to the post of president and vice-president, defeating the Congress rivals by a margin of 16 votes. They polled 39 votes each while the Congress candidates polled 23 in the 62-member house. It is for the first time in 50 years that the Congress will not control Yavatmal ZP, a district that is home to MPCC president Manikrao Thakre.The BJP, NCP and Yuvashakti Sanghatna forged an alliance and garnered support from a few other minor stakeholders to rise to power in both Chandrapur and Gadchiroli zilla parishads. BJP kept president's post in Chandrapur ZP and gave vice-president's post to NCP. In Gadchiroli ZP, NPC kept president's post and gave vice-president's post to BJP.Santosh Kumre of BJP was elected as president while Sandeep Gaddamwar as vice-president in Chandrapur ZP. Congress having strength of 21 members had pitted Rambhau Tonge for president and Dr Vijay Deotale for vice-president's post in the fray. However, BJP (18 members) garnered support of NCP (7), Yuvashakti (5), Shiv Sena (2), Shetkari Sanghatna (2), BSP (1) and MNS (1) and this alliance pitted Kumre for president and Sandeep Gaddamwar of NCP for vice-president's post. Kumre and Gaddamwar defeated their rival candidates by 36 against 21 votes and were elected president and vice president of Chandrapur ZP for new regime.Even in Gadchiroli, Congress party with a strength of 14 members was cornered and kept away from power by its opponents. None had gained a clear majority in Gadchiroli ZP, hence a coalition was inevitable. NCP and BJP made alliance with Yuvashakti Sanghatna, Adivasi Vidyarthi Sangh, Communist Party of India and a couple of independents to cling to the power. BJP-NCP and allies pitted Bhagyashree Atram, daughter of former minister Dharmarao Baba Atram of NCP, for the post of president whereas Tamdeo Dudhbale of BJP filed nomination for vice-president's post. Congress pitted Penta Talandi for president's post and independent Vishawas Bhovte for vice-president's post. NCP's Bhagyashree Atram defeated Congress's Talandi by 30 against 14 votes and was elected ZP president. Similarly, Tamdeo Dudhbale of NCP defeated independent Bhovte by 30 against 12 votes and was elected as vice-president.In Amravati, the Congress suffered a severe jolt despite it being the single largest party with 25 seats in the 59-member house. It was Surekha Thakare of NCP who got elected as president while Jaikumar Patel of the BJP won vice-president's post. Political observers said internal differences between the Congress MLAs led to the fiasco. NCP's Thakre got 30 votes, defeating Congress candidate Jyoti Arekar by two votes. BJP's Patel defeated Rajashri Shrirao of Vidarbha Jansangram Party with an identical margin.NCP with six seats, BJP with nine, Shiv Sena with six, BSP with two, Prahar with two and two independents will control the ZP keeping the Congress out.In Wardha and Buldhana, the Congress-NCP tie-up worked and they got control over the ZPs. In Wardha, it was a dramatic win for Congress by a margin of one vote, stopping BJP-Sena to make history as they were trying to come to power for the first time having won 25 seats in the 51-member house. Congress candidate Dnyaneshwar Dhage was elected president of the ZP while NCP's Sanjay Khamanapure was voted as the vice-president. They defeated Virendra Rannavare of BJP and Gajanan Nikam of Swatantra Bharat Paksh (SBP) respectively by one vote.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12362946", "title": "Scam unearthed at Urdu Academy", "text": "HYDERABAD: A Rs 20-crore scam has been unearthed at the Urdu Academy, which is the nodal point for receiving as well as disbursing major grants and donations. The academy formed to promote Urdu language is now reeling under allegations of its staff siphoning off funds. The minorities welfare department has instituted an inquiry into the matter.According to sources, the academy's staff have been quietly pocketing funds earmarked for pre-matric and post-matric scholarships among others for Urdu medium students. The money, to the tune of Rs 20 crore over the last five years, was allegedly moved into bank accounts of bogus educational organisations. Irregularities in the appointment of the 289 staff of its computer centres and libraries have also come to light.In fact, the Urdu Academy Computer Training Centre and Library Employee Welfare Association had written to both the chief minister and the secretary of minorities welfare department recently, specifically pointing out discrepancies in disbursing of scholarship funds apart from other anomalies.Acting on these allegations, the minorities department issued a memo on March 19, constituting a three-member inquiry committee to look into the allegations. It directed the committee to submit its report within two weeks of the receipt of the memo 'for taking necessary further action'. The letter submitted by the employee association gave seven instances of misappropriation of funds along with names of the drawee banks and corresponding cheque numbers.The committee comprises the director secretary of the Urdu Academy, Shakir Ahmed, director of the Centre for Education and Development of Minorities (CEDM) Prof S A Shukoor and the survey commissioner of the Wakf Board Hassan Ali Baig. There are already questions being raised about the director of Urdu Academy being part of the committee spearheading the investigation.Secretary of the department of minorities welfare Mohd Ali Rafath said, \"We have decided to verify the qualification of employees and the authenticity of certificates furnished by them. In this connection we have written to the Board of Secondary Education, Board of Intermediate Education and to other universities. The verification will be done by an independent body.\"In addition to this, sources said many of the 289 contract employees of the computer centres were appointed without adherence to protocol. \"First of all we have to check if these centres are running or not. Then we have to check the staff attendance and then see if the configuration of computers matches with the prescribed configuration. Also, the number of bogus certificates will be known on the completion of investigation,\" Rafath added. Instances of employees drawing inflated salaries will also be investigated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12362441", "title": "CM\u2019s gift to UP Board examinees: No power cut between 6pm and 10pm", "text": "LUCKNOW: In an attempt to facilitate the UP board examinees, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Thursday instructed the UP Power Corporation Ltd (UPPCL) officials to ensure uninterrupted power supply between 6 pm and 10 pm across the state.More than 63 lakh students are taking the class X and XII board examinations that started on March 16 and would continue till April 20. The implementation of this order would cost Rs 5 crore per day. A government release issued on Wednesday said that the order would come into effect from Thursday and a sum of Rs 150 crore has been set aside for the purpose.The UPPCL told TOI that around 10,500 MW electricity would be needed to ensure uninterrupted power supply across the state between 6 pm and 10 pm - the peak hours. Right now, the average per day supply is around 8,000 MW -- 4,000 MW from the Central pool and the remaining 4,000 MW from its own sources. For fulfilling the commitment, the state, therefore, would require an additional 2,500 MW electricity from the exchange which sells power at commercial rates.The per unit cost varies with seasons and time of the day and is highest during the peak hours. Power Exchange of India (PXI) and Indian Energy Exchange (IEX) are the two exchanges in the country which sell power at the commercial rate.UPPCL's finance director, SK Agarwal, said that the corporation would be procuring power from both the exchanges. \"A rate of Rs 4 per unit has been fixed for the purpose. On an average, the implementation would cost Rs 5 crore per day. The cumulative amount for 30 days comes to Rs 150 crore,\" Agarwal told TOI.Adding to the PCL's challenge is the 'unofficial order' to ensure uninterrupted supply to the VIP districts of Kannuaj, Rampur, Etawah and Mainpuri. While Kannuaj is the parliamentary constituency of chief minister Akhilesh Yadav, SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav is MP from Mainpuri. Rampur is represented by senior minister Azam Khan while Etawah is the home districts of the Yadav family.Shailendra Dubey, convener, UP Power Employees Joint committee, has welcomed the decision. \"The employees and engineers would support the department to the fullest for the cause,\" Dubey said. The association however used the opportunity to highlight the financial crisis that has curtailed UPPCL's chances for self-sufficiency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12365224", "title": "A hill station for Soumitra Chatterjee in Kolkata", "text": "The first leg of the outdoor shoot is over, but Goutam Ghose is recreating a bit of Manali in Kolkata for his latest venture, \" Shunyo Awnka\". And all of it for Soumitra Chatterjee.\"At Soumitrada's age, it wouldn't have been easy for him to negotiate the weather in Manali. It was snowing there and I did not want him to be physically uncomfortable. We shot the exterior of a colonialstyle bungalow in Manali and we've recreated the interiors in a film city in Kolkata. We'll be shooting with Soumitrada here. His character is that of a retired scientist who's wheelchair-bound, so it would be easy to shoot with him here,\" says Goutam.\"Tobe janala khullei borof dekhte pabe audience. After all, cinema is an illusion,\" Goutam adds.The director has started shooting with Soumitra and Priyanshu Chatterjee. The film also stars Lalita Chatterjee, Konkona Sen Sharma and Priyanka Bose. \"'A man can be destroyed but not defeated' - that's the principal thought behind this film, which celebrates the strength of the human spirit. It can never be defeated. It is also a story of patriotism. And I believe that today's youth do try to understand the diverse nature of our country. The film also shows such characters, who are on a quest, trying to find the urban and rural connect,\" he says.Memory also plays a key role in the film. \"'Everything is a sacrifice to our memory'- this theme is also important. We live our lives with memories and when we die, we live on in the memory of others. Linked together, all of them form a garland of memories,\" says the director. The film also explores the life and times of journalists. \"Konkona plays a journalist and \"SA\" is also a celebration of the spirit of journalism,\" he adds.The director is happy with the performance of his cast. \"Priyanshu, Lalita, Priyanka were all at their best. Everyone has given it their best shot. At Lalita's age, the way she handled the Manali weather is really praiseworthy. She was in high spirits and was even game for a snow scooter ride! Kudos to her!\" Goutam says.The weather in Manali was just perfect for the shoot. \"When I was shooting for \"Padma Nadir Majhi\", I was lucky enough to get rain whenever I needed it for a shot. And everyone would say I have a hotline with Allah! This time I got snowfall in Manali, which added a new dimension to my film,\" laughs the director.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12362267", "title": "9 arrested with charas worth 2.5L at Khed", "text": "PUNE: The Pune rural police arrested nine people near a restaurant at Khed Shivapur and seized charas worth Rs 2.5 lakh from them on Monday night.Acting on a tip-off, a police team led by police inspector Sanjay Bothe of the Rajgad police station laid a trap and nabbed Ejaz Pathan and Khwaja Sharif of Kalyan, Sajid Tinwala of Mumbra, Altaf Chaudhari of Ulhasnagar, Sajid Yakub of Bhiwandi and Asif Patel, Mushtaq Lashkari, Gautam Pillay and N M Shaikh, all from Pune.Speaking to TOI, police sub-inspector Santosh Doke of the Rajgad police station said that sub-divisional police officer Milind Mohite received a tip-off that a large quantity of drugs had been kept in a multi utility vehicle (MUV) outside the restaurant. \"We nabbed the suspects as they were about to leave the spot,\" Doke said. When the police searched the MUV, they found 700 gm of charas worth Rs 2.5 lakh. \"During interrogation the suspects said they had brought the charas from Uttar Pradesh,\" Doke said.Investigations have also revealed that the men from Pune were drug peddlers. They would buy the charas and sell it in the city. \"The suspects were produced in court on Tuesday and remanded to police custody till March 22,\" Doke added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12366768", "title": "Man held for sending obscene text messages", "text": "CHENNAI: Police on Wednesday arrested a 28-year-old man, Rasapandian, for sending obscene text messages to his ex-employer , Geetha.A couple of months ago, Rasapandian was dismissed from work when Geetha found out that he stole sensitive data and sold it to rival companies.This provoked Rasapandian to take revenge on Geetha. He frequently sent obscene text messages to Geetha. Based on her police complaint, Tirumangalam women police personnel arrested Rasapandian. He was remanded in Puzhal prison.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12362550", "title": "Meru cabs go off roads, more trouble likely today", "text": "MUMBAI: Around 1,700 Meru drivers went on an indefinite strike from Wednesday following a dispute with the management. While the union alleged financial exploitation by the firm, officials said the stir was the fallout of their refusal to reinstate a driver accused of assaulting an employee a few days ago.Drivers who chose to ply were attacked in some places. Rajesh Puri, chief executive officer of Meru Cabs, said: \"Only 200 vehicles are on the roads, while the remaining 1,700 are not plying . So, we have restricted our bookings. There have been eight incidents of violence, in which either vehicles have been damaged or drivers assaulted.\"Puri denied allegations that the company was financially exploiting drivers. The union, on its part, claimed that drivers were suffering losses due to the CNG price rise. K K Tiwari, president of the Swabhiman Taxi Rickshaw Union, said: \"Drivers have to pay a fee to Meru every day. Either the fare be revised by Re 1 per km or the charge levied by the management be reduced to help the drivers reduce their losses. The strike will continue till our demands are met.\"Stating that the firm would not budge to the pressure tactics, Puri said they had written to the MMRTA to revise fares based on the formula devised by the Hakim panel. \"We have a revenuesharing agreement with the drivers , who earn almost Rs 20,000 per month by working with us,\" he said, adding that the stir was triggered by the firm's refusal to reinstate a driver who allegedly assaulted an employee.A Malad local, who managed to get a Meru, said the driver was scared to take her to south Mumbai as he feared being attacked.Taxi fare card:The RTO has issued a tariff card for taxis, indicating both the old and new fares, along with the distance. The move came after owners of taxis with electronic meters argued that they would need time to recalibrate their meters to reflect the revised fares. TNN", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12364815", "title": "Congress asks its candidate Mannan to withdraw from Bengal Rajya Sabha polls", "text": "NEW DELHI: Apparently under pressure from Trinamool chief Mamata Banerjee , Congress today asked its candidate Abdul Mannan to withdraw from the Rajya Sabha elections in West Bengal.\"I have asked Mannan this morning to withdraw his nomination so as to avoid any adverse impact on the alliance with Trinamool Congress,\" senior leader Shakeel Ahmed, who is in-charge of Congress affairs in West Bengal, told PTI.The move comes on the last day of withdrawal of nominations for the Rajya Sabha polls.The Congress move to put up the candidate had led to the Trinamool Congress and West Bengal chief minister hinting at her displeasure by noting that the party cannot win without the support of the Left Front.Banerjee had said if there was an \"understanding\" between the Congress and the Left in the Rajya Sabha election, then it could happen for \"bigger things\", which would \"not be a good development\".The Trinamool chief had refused to leave one seat for the Congress.She has put up Union minister Mukul Roy and three journalists as her party's nominees for the four seats it is contesting.The issue become a bone of contention between the two parties after the exit of Dinesh Trivedi as railway minister.Congress had set up a four-member group including finance minister Pranab Mukherjee and Ahmed last night to take a decision on the issue.Congress has 42 votes and assured support by an independent and needed seven seats more for its candidates to win.Withdrawal of the Congress from the race meant that it did not want the Left parties, which have 10 surplus votes, to back its nominee as it would have antagonised Banerjee.Besides Mamata's expression of displeasure, the fate of the upcoming Finance Bill and presidential polls could have weighed heavily on the Congress leadership.The Trinamool leadership was also not keen to be seen as working to the defeat of a candidate from the minority community.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12363172", "title": "Municipality can collect licence fee from traders: HC", "text": "MADURAI: Dismissing a traders' body petition against collecting licence fee from them, the Madurai bench of Madras high court said the Thirumangalam municipality is entitled to collect the fee from traders doing business at public streets instead of a public market.In Thirumangalam town, members of the Thirumangalam Nagar Vyabarigal Sangam have shops both as owners and as tenants at streets such as Chinnakadai Veethi, Thelungar Street, Gurunathan Koil Street, Valayalkara Street, Uthandan Street, Mappillai Vinayagar Koil Street and Market Street, adjacent to the public market. They carry on trading from their shops situated near the market on adjacent streets. Whileso, the municipality issued a notification on 21 November, 2011, calling for tenders to grant the privilege of collecting fees from shop owners of the above said streets. Aggrieved over the notification, the trader association filed the present petition.According to the petitioner, the streets in question were not declared public markets and as such, the local body had no jurisdiction to collect licence fees from them. They also contended that their businesses were confined to their respective shops.According to the commissioner, the local body had constructed a market complex just about 300 metres away from the said streets. But the majority of the members refused to occupy the market which lay idle. They were carrying out trade in vegetables, banana leaves, fruits, flower and groceries and were dumping waste on public roads. The traders have been using public streets as a market and the municipality had to incur expenses on maintaining the streets, the commissioner said.Dismissing the petition of the traders, Justice K K Sasidharan said the local body was collecting garbage which required considerable funds. The traders, in case they are using the marketplace, should contribute towards the municipal fund. The licence fee has to be treated necessarily as a fee for using the market place. So long as the members of the petitioner Sangam confine their business in their respective shops, they need not pay licence fee. However, the moment they start using the streets in question, declared as a public market, they are necessarily liable to pay licence fee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12362356", "title": "Haze, strong wind bring down day temperature", "text": "LUCKNOW: The state as well as the city on Wednesday were enveloped by haze due to strong surface winds carrying dust. In fact, the haze prevailed over the entire north and northwest parts of the country including Punjab, Delhi, Haryana, Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh. It led to the drop in the day temperature by 1-2 degrees Celsius in Uttar Pradesh (UP) but night temperatures were up by 2-3 degrees Celsius. This haze is likely to continue on Thursday but subside thereafter.People in Lucknow woke up to hazy sky. It was a surprise because March is known for pleasant weather conditions - moderate temperatures, calm skies and slow winds. The maximum temperature in the city was 32.30 degrees Celsius, which was two degrees below normal. And, minimum temperature was 17.8 degrees Celsius, two degrees above normal. The haze gave impression of cloudy sky. It restricted penetration of sunrays during the day and prevented ground heat to escape into atmosphere in the night. On Thursday, the maximum temperature is likely to be 33 degrees Celsius and minimum temperature around 15 degrees Celsius.Normally, such 'hazy days' are seen towards the end of April and May but cyclonic circulations over hill region and high temperatures over plains changed the wind pattern. The state met department officials said that the haze was caused due to strong winds measuring up to 20-30 km per hours. The weather was dry for last few days, hence the dust was easily lifted by the winds. The dust particles suspended in the air turned climate hazy. There was also some moisture in the air. Maximum temperatures would rise gradually over northwest India including from Thursday onwards and minimum temperatures would fall,\" the officials said.Though 'hazy conditions' were reported from other parts of the state, according to met department, the east, central and southern parts of UP were affected more by the haze in comparison to west. While minimum temperature in Kanpur was 18.7 degrees Celsius, in Allahabad it was 19.2 degrees Celsius. In Varanasi, minimum temperature was 19.1 degrees Celsius and Jhansi recorded 20.4 degrees Celsius minimum temperature.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12362993", "title": "Curtains go up on star-studded centenary celebrations today", "text": "PATNA: Stage is set for the curtains to go up on the three-day grand Bihar centenary celebrations at Gandhi Maidan here on Thursday. Though the celebrations would informally begin in the morning, CM Nitish Kumar would formally inaugurate it at 5pm at Gandhi Maidan.The function would begin with a dance performance by 100 students on the Bihar anthem and prayer song that has been choreographed by Harshal and Vitthal, the choreographer duo from Mumbai. Besides the CM, his cabinet members, ambassadors of Mauritius, Trinidad and Tobago and delegates from Qatar and Surinam would grace the occasion.During the event, a Bangalore-based firm, Pracheen Bharat Tourism Technology, would be presenting a 25-minute laser show on the heritage of Bihar - covering the time of Buddha, Mahavir, Mahabharat, Chandragupt, Ashok, Shershah Suri, Sufism, Guru Gobind Singh - and finally ending with a positive note of Resurgent Bihar.Later, the CM would release books and documentaries based on Bihar and also honour the lyricists of Bihar anthem, Satya Narayan, and Bihar prayer song, MR Chishti, along with 21 artists of the state from the fields of art and culture. He would also symbolically release around 300 metal birds perched on a globe, to mark freedom and progress of the state. Bollywood singers Udit Narayan and Richa Sharma would then perform at the function.\"As a symbol of centenary year celebration, the CM will also initiate the construction of as many as 100 primary schools and launch 50 ambulances on Thursday,\" said Anjani Kumar Singh, principal secretary, education.Three thousand women of the state from various walks of life would display their works at five stalls at the exhibition put up at Gandhi Maidan. Around 100 children of Bihar Education Project would also participate in the function, while as many as 100 girls would reach the venue by cycles, representing the 'cycle yojna' of the state government. Unicef , Bihar Education Foundation and other organizations have also put up their stalls. Education department has also set up a gallery displaying the photos and paintings of various artists of the state.Besides, many international and national-level artists, including Subodh Gupta, Sanyasi Red, Rajat Ghosh, Sanjay Kumar , Sanjeev Sinha and Dianne Hegan have displayed their life-size sculptures depicting the rich cultural heritage, glorious resurgence and archeological importance at various places in the city (Rajdhani park, College of Arts and Crafts and Patna museum).The buildings around Gandhi Maidan have been illuminated with blue light, leaving a mesmerizing effect on the visitors and passers-by.To give a feast to music lovers on this occasion, some of the most famous music exponents of the country would be performing during the celebrations at Gandhi Maidan and SK Memorial Hall.Various lip-smacking delicacies including Bihari sweets, 'tharu' tribal food, main course food items - both vegetarian and non-vegetarian, dry food items made of soybean, 'suran', honey, fruits, herbal food and various drinks would tickle the taste buds of foodies coming to the Bihar Diwas.A number of Bollywood stars, including Shatrughan Sinha , Shekhar Suman , Prakash Jha, Neetu Chandra , Manoj Bajpai and Hema Malini would also be participating in the celebrations.Patna police have made a comprehensive security arrangement. \"DSPs will lead various teams of cops. Over 500 police personnel, including around 100 female cops, will be deployed in and around Gandhi Maidan,\" said city SP Kim. Cops would also be deployed at the venues of musical shows and cultural programmes. Elaborate arrangements for smooth traffic have also been made.All the functions at Gandhi Maidan and SK Memorial Hall are open to general public. Seats would be available on first come first serve basis. To avoid any hassle, three-layered seating arrangement has been made -VVIPs, VIPs and general public.As many as 74,000 government schools in the state would be organizing cultural and sports programmes between March 22 to 24.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12362760", "title": "Water cycling not enough to meet crisis", "text": "NEW DELHI: This summer, Delhi will have an added 15 million gallons per day (MGD) of water at its disposal. This water will come through a water recycling plant at the Chandrawal water treatment plant and through savings by upgradation of existing infrastructure. However, this is still not sufficient water for the city to meet its demand.The Munak canal project is still stuck with Haryana refusing to give Delhi its share of 80 MGD of water. Renuka Dam is caught in environmental tangles and even if it materializes, will not be ready before 2012. \"We have to work with limited water and use it in the best possible way. Rationalization of water is being done through underground reservoirs (UGRs) and based on a 2008 report, we have included every area in the city in the command of a UGR. However , population growth and construction is not within our control . In fact, our new master plan has taken into consideration a population of 23 million by 2012 and planned additional UGRs if water from Renuka does come,\" said Ramesh Negi, CEO, DJB.What this does mean is that many areas that do not already have a water connection are not likely to benefit. Of the around 1,200 unauthorised colonies that have to be linked to the main supply system, work on 600-odd has been completed while work on another 100 or so is on, sources said. However, there is no more water to connect other colonies to the grid. \"The only long term solution is to connect the command areas under various water treatment plants,\" said a senior official. However, this plan is only on paper and would require massive investments,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12362581", "title": "Congress committee to draw list of candidates by week-end", "text": "NEW DELHI: The apex committee appointed by the All India Congress Committee held its first meeting on Wednesday to draw a list of candidates for the municipal elections. To avoid clashes over different preferences, forms were distributed among MLAs and MPs to indicate their choice of candidates, much like a secret ballot.In the past few days, differences between northwest Delhi MP Krishna Tirath and the MLAs from her constituency over choice of candidates have come to the fore. With all seven parliamentary constituencies and the seven election committees constituted by the AICC led by MPs, sources say, there are differences over the choice of candidates between the MPs and MLAs on about 20% of the 272 seats.According to sources, while there is a broad consensus between MLAs and MPs in Chandni Chowk, east and northeast parliamentary constituencies ; Tirath's northwest requires much consensus building. Also there are seats in MP Mahalbal Mishra's west constituency, MP Ramesh Kumar's south constituency and union sports minister Ajay Maken's New Delhi constituency where the apex committee's intervention may be required.The apex committee comprises of AICC general secretary in charge of Delhi Chaudhary Birender Singh, DPCC chief JP Aggarwal, chief minister Sheila Dikshit and seven AICC observers drawn from all seven election committees.Speaking to TOI after the meeting, CM Sheila Dikshit said, \"The apex committee will take a decision and solve the problems in the next two days. By Friday night or Saturday the final list of candidates should be ready.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12362857", "title": "Integrated system for city surveillance in the works", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Police is now gearing up to implement the much-delayed intelligent traffic signalling (ITS) system. Police sources confirmed that they were planning integrated city surveillance through the use of closed-circuit television cameras (CCTV), which will be connected to the ITS project. This move comes close on the heels of the terror attack on an Israeli diplomat in the capital. Sources said the ministry of home affairs has taken special interest in the project to install security cameras across the city.Confirming the move, joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg said, \"The earlier tender for ITS has been scrapped and a new pilot project covering New Delhi and south Delhi areas will be started. It will have state-of-the-art signalling system, a variable messaging system to display real-time traffic situation on road, CCTV coverage of roads and traffic intersections , and cameras that can detect traffic signal violations , speeding and lane violations separately.\"A team of three police officers - special commissioner of police (special cell), joint commissioner of police (traffic) and joint commissioner of police (crime) - visited Mumbai last week to study a similar project to integrate cameras in the city. They will be visiting cities in other countries next month to survey the best systems in use in developed countries. In Mumbai , the project is in final stages with a March-end deadline for submission of tenders.Under the project, all CCTV cameras in public/private establishments in the city will be connected to a centrally controlled system managed by Delhi Police. The system would include the integration of CCTV cameras with new ones at road intersections, traffic junctions and along roads. Private cameras at malls, markets, banks, offices as well as security cameras part of the Delhi Metro network , at interstate bus terminals , railway stations and iconic buildings will be part of the system , said officials.Officials said that new cameras will be installed across the city, particularly in strategic and vulnerable areas. This surveillance network will work in conjunction with the ITS project that would have synchronized signal cycles, variable messaging service and cameras to check speeding and traffic signal violations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12362500", "title": "Mulund locals complain of fumes from \u2018shut\u2019 dump", "text": "MUMBAI: For Mahesh Shetye and his family, who reside at Hari Om Nagar in Mulund (E), breathing has become an ordeal as polluted smoke from a nearby dumping ground permeates into their flat through their air-conditioned rooms. In January this year, the HC had ordered a complete closure of the dumping yard, and residents were looking forward to enjoying some fresh air.While the authorities have closed most of the dumping ground, they have allegedly done little to stop ragpickers from burning scrap metal, which is the cause of the poisonous fumes. In fact, this has increased over the past week, claim residents.Hundreds of residents in and around Hari Om Nagar in Mulund (E) are complaining of breathlessness, respiratory tract infections, and sleepless nights.\"Over the last few days, the smoke has been increasing every evening. We have to keep our windows closed, and this deprives us of fresh air. My son has developed a sore throat over the last few days and my neighbour too is seeing a doctor ,\" said Vinay Gupta, another resident.Activists and residents in Mulund blame anti-social elements and ragpickers whom they claim set heaps of garbage at the neighbouring dump on fire every night to melt some illegally gathered metals.\"A few trucks continue to dump garbage, and ragpickers are burning it. We have been repeatedly asking the authorities to take immediate action to close the site completely but no action has been taken,\" complained Shetye and other residents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12363144", "title": "Water level in Vaigai dam not very rosy", "text": "MADURAI: While the Madurai corporation depends upon the Vaigai dam as the major drinking water source, the water level, which appears handsome at present, is not a rosy picture, former PWD engineers have claimed. On Tuesday, the water level at Vaigai stood at 51.15 feet with the storage level of 21.46 tmcft without any inflow. The discharge from the dam was 60 cusecs for drinking water needs of Madurai city. The water level at Periyar dam was 109.80 feet with a storage of 880 tmcft without any inflow while the discharge was 150 cusecs. The combined water credit of Periyar-Vaigai was 2394 tmcft.The water level of 51 feet may appear good but it is not the full storage of the dam because of silt formation for more than 20 feet, said Venkatasamy, retired superintending engineer, Agricultural Engineering. The Vaigai dam is a storage reservoir of Periyar water and over a period of time, the dam has been silted heavily, reducing storage level. \"The current storage level estimated by PWD officials is excluding the silt area that ranges from 20 to 25 feet. It is important to de-silt the dam to increase its storage level,\" he said. \"It will be laborious to de-silt the dam through conventional methods of dredging and transporting silt. Hence, the government should think of the flush method where the silt is flushed out during floods. However, it is important to hold trials to study any adverse effects,\" he stressed. There were also a difference of opinion among engineers over the flushing out method.\"This particular method has not been followed in any dam so far and we are not sure if this will work out at all,\" said S M Rathnavelu, retired special chief engineer of PWD who spent three years in the Vaigai dam during his tenure. \"While it is important that the dam be de-silted, other possible methods should also be studied. It will be useful to disturb the water while discharging for irrigation purpose because farmers feel the water from the dam is devoid of nutrient value. When disturbed, the suspended materials of silt will be washed away which is a rich nutrient for cultivation. Identifying adjacent areas to expand the dam for increased storage level is also another possibility,\" he said. After AIADMK regime assumed power, PWD minister K V Ramalingam held a meeting with PWD officials here last year, and discussed de-silting measures. When asked about the developments, a senior PWD official said it was a policy decision from the government and they will not be in a position to comment upon the developments. \"At present, the storage level is adequate to meet the drinking water needs of Madurai city for the next three months. By then, the monsoon at Kerala will commence to feed Periyar dam and we will start receiving water for Vaigai as well,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12367594", "title": "Why tech cos want to build data center in Iceland", "text": "LONDON: The Atlantic island has sought to reinvent itself as a safe and secure data haven halfway between Europe and North America as it recovers from the economic meltdown after the failure of the country's top lenders in 2008. Its chance of success is set to improve with a link to the Emerald subsea cable between London and New York that takes in Iceland for the first time.\"Iceland happens to be a rare spot on the earth where there is a convergence of attributes that tick all the boxes,\" said Jeff Monroe, chief executive officer of Verne Global, the $700 million data center Bjorgolfsson opened for business last month in Keflavik.\"You have 100 per cent renewable energy. We can do 100 per cent free cooling.\" Bjorgolfsson bought a plot within the 44-acre (178,000 square meters) decommissioned military base in 2007, sited on solid bedrock away from the seismically active part of the island, and began converting it into a data center. At full capacity, the campus can accommodate the equivalent amount of computer power generated in a small town.Facebook, GoogleSo far, Verne's customers include Datapipe Inc, a Jersey City, New Jersey-based provider of disaster-recovery services, and CCP Games, the Icelandic maker of the Eve online multiplayer game with almost half a million subscribers.While some large technology companies, including Microsoft Corp, have shown interest in Iceland, the island has still to sign up major clients, according to the Icelandic investment agency. That, says Monroe, will change. \"Iceland is going to be the place where I believe you will see some of those marquee brand names,\" he said.Still, Google Inc and Facebook Inc have already pursued locations elsewhere across the Atlantic. In southern Finland, near Helsinki, Google has converted a mill formerly owned by Stora Enso Oyj, Europe's biggest paper maker, into a data center. Facebook's new site, its first outside the US, will be built close to the Arctic Circle in northern Sweden.Emerald cableChristian Belady, a Seattle-based general manager for Microsoft's data centers, said the company continues to \"explore new regions where infrastructure may be needed,\" declining to discuss specific locations.Iceland's nascent high-tech industry is pinning its hopes on the $300 million Emerald cable system, planned for spring 2013, to boost the country's connectivity. The island, located more than 600 miles (965 kilometers) from the coast of Scotland, has previously struggled with indirect cable links to North America through Greenland and to Europe through the Faroe Islands.Iceland's data centers are also betting on a change in a tax law that cuts the levy on importing equipment as the government seeks to re-balance the economy away from financial services. The island's largest banks were taken over by the government in 2008 after defaulting on about $85 billion in debt. The collapse plunged the island's economy into a crisis that sent unemployment surging nine-fold and triggered a recession that lasted through half of 2010.Located next to the Keflavik International Airport, Verne uses two large buildings formerly used by NATO army command for its offices and storage that now sit in a residential area mostly occupied by students.Landsbanki islandsThe total investment will reach $700 million when the data center is running at full capacity, according to Helgi Helgason, senior facility manager at Verne Global.Bjorgolfsson was formerly one of the largest shareholders in Landsbanki Islands Hf (LAIS), the third-largest of the failed lenders, and the chairman of Straumur Burdaras Investment Bank hf, the fourth-major bank to be taken over by the government. His private investment firm, Novator, was involved with the Verne project from its inception.\"It seemed a great match and opportunity,\" said Birgir Ragnarsson, a board member at Verne and a partner of Novator. \"It's rewarding to participate in the financial rebuild of Iceland and the creation of new opportunities.\"Seawater coolingIceland, which completed a 33-month budget program from the International Monetary Fund in August that demanded capital controls on the krona and interest rate cuts, has since outperformed a number of euro nations in recovering from the crisis.The $12 billion economy will grow 2.5 percent this year, the fund said in September. The euro area, by comparison, will grow 1.6 per cent in 2012, the IMF estimates.Data hosts are rushing to cut power consumption of their sites. In Finland, Google is drawing seawater into its former paper mill to cool the site. Investment in greener data centers will climb to $41 billion by 2015, according to consultancy Pike Research. In the US at least one-quarter of operating costs are spent on cooling the sites.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12362393", "title": "Segregate juveniles from other inmates: HC to Tihar", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi High court on Wednesday directed the Tihar jail authority to segregate juveniles from the other inmates lodged in Tihar jail and produce them before the juvenile justice board immediately. This comes after the court was informed that more than 100 juveniles were wrongfully lodged in Tihar.\"No proper enquiry is conducted by the police at the time of arrest or by the Magistrates. Sending them to jail even for a day amounts to the violation of their fundamental rights,\" a division bench of Acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw said.The court's directions came after a team of Delhi Legal Services Authority (DLSA) and National Commission for Protection of Child Rights ( NCPCR) members, appointed by HC, had recently visited Tihar, and filed a report on saying that more than 100 juveniles have been wrongfully lodged with adults inmates in Jail no 6 and 7 of Tihar prisons.Issuing directions to various authorities, the court asked the police to find the age of the accused at the time of arrest and also the magistrates to send the accused, who appeared to be juveniles, for ossification test to ascertain their age.The bench referred to the Juvenile Justice Act which mandates that no juveniles should be lodged in jail.Asking the DLSA for suggestions, the court said it would ask the Delhi Judicial Academy to conduct special programme for the magistrates on the issue so that the judges will be able to handle the situation properly.Earlier, the court took cognisance of a letter by a Juvenile Justice Board advocate Anant Kumar Asthana alleging that juveniles have often been lodged in Tihar jail with hardened criminals.Asthana claimed that about 140 children were first lodged in Tihar Jail after their arrest and were later shifted to various juvenile homes between October 2010 and August. He also alleged that police make no effort to ascertain if the criminal is a juvenile, while picking them up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12366516", "title": "Aavin pulls a \u2018fast\u2019 one on customers", "text": "CHENNAI: Aavin is serving up mouth-watering pizzas and sandwiches and plans to offer burgers too as part of a plan to cash in on the state's growing appetite for fast food.Parlours of the government-run Tamil Nadu Cooperative Milk Producers' Federation Ltd, which owns the Aavin brand, may be better known for their milk products but they will soon be upgraded to offer the ambience of multinational pizzerias.Officials of the federation came up with the idea to generate additional revenue by diversifying into fast food shortly after CM J Jayalalithaa hiked the price of milk last November. They decided to leverage the wide reach of Aavin parlours, located at vantage points like bus stands and railway stations, for the venture.\"We recently started selling pizzas, sandwiches as well as milk shakes at subsidized rates at two outlets, in Annanagar and Adyar,\" a senior official from Aavin told TOI. He said the federation would start selling pizzas, sandwiches and burgers in more Aavin outlets in the city and the outskirts . It also plans to open a large eatery in Virugambakkam in a few months. \"All these branches will have centralized airconditioning and proper facilities for dining and will be on par with the best pizza outlets,\" he said.Aavin employees have been given special training to make fresh pizzas and sandwiches . \"We have purchased the most advanced pizza-making equipment. Salesmen at the outlets have been given special training in customer-friendly service ,\" the official said.Aavin pizzas and sandwiches, only available in vegetarian combos, are priced at 50 and 15 respectively. The official said special attention would be paid to ensure that the best milk, fruits and other ingredients are used for the milk shakes. \"We take care to maintain hygienic conditions in our outlets,\" the official said.\"The ambience and service are good. This has to be maintained regularly,\" an IT professional S Thiayagarajan said. Beautician V Mona said she was happy with the food. \"You get a pizza and a good milk shake at a reasonable price,\" she said.Aavin sells around 100 pizzas and sandwiches every day at the two outlets where they are now available. It plans to take its new products to other cities in the state soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12364991", "title": "Epson bets big on Indian market", "text": "CHENNAI: Backed by strong sales growth in its home vertical, Japanese digital imaging major Epson is aiming to reach 15 per cent market share this year, a senior company official said.\"In 2009-10 the sales contributed from home segment was four per cent, but it grew to 14 per cent last year(2010-11),\" Epson India, Division Head (sales and marketing) N Sambamoorthy on the sidelines of a product launch.He attributed the growth in the home segment to customers opting for upgradation to big screen entertainment. \"That is the future sunrise industry...\", he said, adding large number of consumers were evincing interest in 3D and interactive projectors.It was due to this reason the company has increased the projectors in the home segment from the present four to eight models. The size of the projector market, valued at Rs 520 crore, was growing at 22 per cent CAGR, Sambamoorthy said.Unveiling a slew of models under the home and office segment respectively, he said educational segment was continuing to dominate and it contributed to 37 per cent of total sales.Globally, Epson has about 22 per cent market share. The company is also aiming to reach Rs 590 crore revenue from its printers business.The projectors in the home segment launched today are priced between Rs 48,000 and Rs 1.1 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12365286", "title": "Asin has a new bodyguard", "text": "Asin is thankful for the way Akshay Kumar became her bodyguard during the recent Indo-Pak cricket match that was held in Bangladesh .She says, \"We had a great time watching the match live. In the box, Akki called me the most desh bhakt fan of all as I was cheering the loudest. We didn't have to time meet any players from both the teams, but we had our own fun with our gang, including Sajid Nadiadwala and Jacqueline Fernandez. When Akshay and I went to the ground, the crowd went crazy. They rushed towards us and we were surrounded by screaming fans. Akshay literally became my bodyguard. He totally covered me or I'd have been squashed! We had security, but still it was crazy. Akki held my hand and ensured that I was safe from the mob.\" Hmmm... maybe Akki can now do a Bodyguard sequel!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12366286", "title": "3 file papers for Sutlej Club posts", "text": "LUDHIANA: Three members of Sutlej Club, Rakhbag, filed their nominations for various posts on Wednesday. The elections to the club are scheduled to be held on March 25. The three members who filed their nominations on the first day included Gulshan Kumar for the post of vice-president, Manmohan Kaura for joint secretary and Rakesh Kapoor for the post of bar secretary.Two more days are left for filing of nominations. Talking to TOI Kumar, living in BRS Nagar, said that he wants to upgrade the club to international standards. The standard of the club is going down, he said adding that it was also facing losses for which he would try to cobble up sponsorship of at least Rs 2 crores shore up its finances. Tagore Nagar resident Kaura said that he has included setting up of a gym, spa and imposing dependent fees in the club. Kapoor, also living in Tagore Nagar, said that he wanted to improve the standard of the bar and that is why he chose to contest for the post of bar secretary. a??I have been a member of the clubsa?? executive committee from 2006 to 2008 so I know how to handle the things,a?? said Kapoor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12362575", "title": "Gold Sukh fraudsters planned to swindle people in Thailand", "text": "JAIPUR: Despite the fact that the Jaipur police was after them, the Gold Sukh directors were riding high on confidence after swindling crores of rupees from their investors. The Jaipur police investigating the multi-crore fraud was shocked to find out that one of the directors, Manvendra Singh, had registered a company titled 'Gold Sukh Thai Private Limited' and planned to swindle people in Thailand and Bangkok.A day after arresting and taking the five arrested directors of Gold Sukh Trade India Limited in police remand, police confirmed that the Gold Sukh directors were least bothered of the fact that Jaipur police was after them since November 2011 when they fled after closing the operations of the company here.\"The primary investigation has revealed that one of the directors, Manvendra Singh had got a company 'Gold Sukh Thai Private Limited' cleared from department of business development and was planning to dupe investors in Thailand and Bangkok ,\" said additional deputy commissioner of police (South), Karan Sharma , said on Wednesday.He said the directors including Pramod Sharma, Manvendra Singh, Mahendra Singh and Narender were on and off to Thailand and Hanoi city of Vietnam and had planned to start their operations in these two countries.\"Manvendra had even made one Porpal Merksarikul, a local person in Thailand, as the director of the company,\" Sharma added.On their first day of interrogation on Wednesday, the police have found nearly Rs 16,75,000 from the bank accounts of the Gold Sukh directors. \"During the investigations, it was found that these directors had opened bank accounts in Hanoi, Vietnam. So far, we have come to know about bank balance of Rs 34,000, Rs 1, 27,000 and Rs 15 lakh respectively in three different accounts,\" Sharma said.Police said after all the 25 accused booked in the Gold Sukh Trade India Limited case, they are now aiming at finding out the money these directors have deposited in various banks. \"We will also try to find out what kind of immovable property they have bought out of the money they had swindled,\" Sharma added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12365841", "title": "The music director who composed for Akhilesh Yadav", "text": "Nikhil Kamath composed more than 25 songs for the Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh, Akhilesh YadavMusic director Nikhil Kamath was the sole Bollywood composer who composed more than 25 songs for the election campaign for the Samajwadi Party. The newly elected CM of Uttar Pradesh, Akhilesh Yadav was so impressed by the compositions of Nikhil that he asked him to compose the Samaajwadi Anthem as well.\"Kamath gave a new sound to the anthem keeping in mind the new look that Akhilesh Yadav wanted to give the party. Nikhil blended modern beats with symphonic violins and a huge orchestra of over 60 musicians to create the anthem. The other election songs composed by Nikhil were also totally different from the normal pattern of election songs\", says a source closely associated with the musician.The song immediately caught the attention of the masses and classes during the rath yatras which Akhilesh Yadav took out during the election campaigns. \"Every rath yatra was backed by a new song. Akhilesh himself took personal interest in all the songs and was in constant touch with Nikhil Kamath throughout the campaign\", adds the source.Furthermore even local singers of his party like Acchelal Soni and lyricist Asim Yadav got their songs composed by Nikhil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12363056", "title": "Huge rush for teacher application forms", "text": "TRICHY: The unprecedented rush for application forms for the post of PG teachers (who will take classes for higher secondary students) was such that the chief education officer's office had so far given 1,700 \"tokens\" which could be exchanged for application forms on Thursday. The CEO, Selvakumar, said, \"I hope to get around 2,000 more application forms on Thursday morning (from the Teacher Recruitment Board), and the rest 300 applications would be sold on first-come-first-serve basis.\"The hitherto unseen rush was attributed to the fact that henceforth teachers would be selected through a process of written examination that would be held in the second week of May. An estimated three lakh applicants are expected to appear for the exam. Previously, the teachers were selected through seniority at the employment exchange. Since the state government did not recruit any postgraduate teachers during the last seven years, more than three lakh teachers are expected to vie for 1,800 posts across the state.The new situation has also helped a lot of \"coaching classes\" mushrooming as a separate wing in most of the private colleges and institutions that were said to be charging anything between Rs 10,000 and Rs 15,000 for preparing applicants for D-day. There are 32 B.Ed colleges in Trichy district alone, and every year they together produce around 3,200 teachers, 2,000 among whom would be postgraduate teachers. It is estimated that around 4.5 lakh prospective teachers must have graduated from B.Ed colleges in the state during the last seven years, and at least three lakh prospective teachers would stake their claim at the examination hall.Each application is priced at Rs 50 and each applicant should pay Rs 500 to appear for the exam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12365562", "title": "UP Board exams: FIR against 3 invigilators", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A total of 344 candidates including 207 boys and 137 girls were caught using unfair means on the fifth day of the ongoing high school and intermediate examinations conducted by UP Board from 18 divisions on Wednesday. Besides, 4 centre incharges were changed at different examination centres in the state. The Board has also lodged an FIR against three invigilators in Bareilly, Aligarh and Lucknow division.Among the cases of use of unfair means in examination, Aligarh led the chart with 107 candidates including 63 boys and 45 girls followed by Devipatan with 36 including 27 boys and 9 girls. Besides, 29 candidates including 24 boys and 5 girls were caught using unfair means from Agra division.The total number of candidates caught using unfair means in board examination stands at 984 uptil now.On the fifth day of the examination, Intermediate examinees appeared in Economics second paper, Economics and Commercial Geography second paper in the morning shift and Chemistry first paper and Industrial Organisation first paper in the afternoon shift.On the other hand High School examinees appeared in Vocal Music paper in the morning shift.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "focal point", "code": "12365765", "title": "Industrialists develop green belt, eager to improve roads", "text": "FOCAL POINT: A group of 30 industrialists from Focal Point phase VI proved it is important to be the change if one complaints about any disorder in the surroundings. Instead of repetitively condemning the authorities for not providing green cover in the are, they turned the barren roadside into a green lawn with colourful flowers. Their initiative has successfully drawn attention in this highly polluted industrial area of the city. These industrialists, now, want to take up other issues with the municipal corporation, but they haven't got any response from the officials in this regard yet.Around three years ago, they came together to promote the green cause in the area with their first hand effort. A half kilometre stretch in this area has lush green grass and various flowers and shrubs today due to their efforts. Naresh Bansal, a businessman who resides at College Road, said.The area had no greenery at all when we had started plantation on the roadsides. We began with clearing around 140 trolleys of garbage from the roadsides and laid 40 trolleys of fresh sand for the plants to grow better.''Irritated with civic authorities' lax attitude, Bansal said. Even the roads in our area are in pathetic condition. We are ready to do something for this as well, but it would require support from the authorities, which is missing.'' Atul Soni, an industrialist from Green Park, said. Our little effort, which brought such beautiful results, should be an inspiration to other residents for taking the responsibility of developing the parks in their area.''Next generations would benefit with our efforts towards a greener surrounding,'' he added. If residents contribute to the work that has to be done by the authorities, they must at least be appreciated and supported in their initiatives. But, any motivation of this sort is missing. The officials should join hands with the people contributing for such causes,'' said Rajiv Malhotra, a businessman from Urban Estate, Jamalpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "12365883", "title": "Tehsildar in the dock over Fulchur Muslim cemetery issue", "text": "GONDIA: The village panchayat of Fulchur near Gondia has reaffirmed that they had never passed a resolution granting land in their village for a Muslim cemetery nor do they propose to do so in the future. This statement is expected to put many officers of Gondia in trouble, particularly the tehsildar, one Motghare, who had issued notification in this regard on October 18, 2011 without a resolution by the concerned gram panchayat (GP). Prima facie, this action appears to have been taken to please the some local politicians and people's representatives.On March 7, 2012, newspapers had reported that 0.70 hectare land in Gat No 403 of village Fulchur on the outskirts Gondia has been allotted for a Muslim cemetery. This led to an outcry in the village because the sarpanch and president of tantamukti samiti said they had received such a request but had turned it down through a resolution on August 12, 2011.The panchayat office bearers clarified their stand at a press conference, but assured to find out if the secretary RP Ugale had given anything in writing to the tehsildar. They also held a meeting of the entire village on March 17 to reaffirm their stand on the issue. The meeting decided not to endorse any such proposal.Subhanji Rahangdale said it is a mystery how Gondia tehsildar issued the notification on October 18, 2011, regarding grant of this land. He demanded an investigation into it because it has disturbed the communal harmony in the village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "12365345", "title": "No-trust motion against Bicholim municipal council deputy chief", "text": "BICHOLIM: Chairperson of the Bicholim municipal council (BMC) has informed that the motion of no-confidence tabled against the deputy chairperson Shashikant Naik Halarnkar will be taken up for discussion on March 28 at 11am.BMC chairperson Anisha Vernekar and councillors Narayan Betkikar, Karuna Govekar, Riyaz Beig, Kamlesh Teli, Kamlakar Teli and Premanand Mayekar had recently moved a no-confidence motion against Halarnkar.The no-confidence motion tabled by six councillors against Vernekar recently fizzled out after three councillors withdrew their names from the no-confidence motion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12362864", "title": "Budget rises, services stagnant", "text": "The civic budget may have increased over the years but that has scarcely changed the quality of life in Mumbai. Depite crores being ploughed in, garbage emains piled in corners of the city, unnterrupted water supply remains a distant dream, roads are pockmarked, and sewage overflows in many places. So will the Rs 26,581-crore budget prented by civic chief Subodh Kumar on Tuesday make a difference? Many ctivists and citizens are sceptical.In every budget, the BMC allocates significant chunk as capital expendire on building new infrastructure like roads, storm water drains, water works as well as on education and slums. These constitute sections A, B, E and of the budget. But rarely do the sigificant sums get us better services. For instance, the corporation has allocated Rs 830 crore over the last three ears for garbage disposal and clearance. And yet, poor sanitation is a big grouse in pockets of the city.In Mund, Ghatkopar, parts of Dahisar, residents regularly complain of garbage ot being cleared. In Mohammed Ali Road, Bhendi Bazaar, the same problem has created health problems.The storm water drains (SWD ) department gives another example of how the civic body has botched up despite having funds aplenty. In the last three budgets, it has figured among the top three departments to receive the most funds. Allocations to it have ranged between 12% and 14% of the capital expenditure. Despite all this, the BRIMSTOWAD project has been plagued by cost escalations and poor planning. Such has been what some call mismanagement that additional funds have now been asked from the Centre.\"The current budget is a money lenders' budget. It will bring in more money for the civic body but that will not translate into services ,\" said BJP leader Ashish Shelar . \"The BMC should make realistic estimates rather than ambitious plans.\"Indrani Malkani, trustee of V Citizens Action Network, feels the problem is much deeper than budgetary provisions. \"When it comes to quality of life, there has hardly been any change. It is not, however, because of money alone. There are various issues like lack of planning and coordination that make implementation of the budget difficult,\" she said.Consumer activist Jehangir Gai says that citizens do not get the services they pay for. \"It is the BMC's duty to provide services and citizens' right to demand them,\" he said. \"However, with the BMC rarely doing its work properly, we have go to courts to exercise this right. When the litigation process becomes lengthy and difficult, the BMC wakes up for a while but goes back to square one soon after.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "12362872", "title": "Man killed for Rs 2,400", "text": "PANCHKULA: A tiff over a paltry sum of Rs 2,400 led to a murder in Panchkula on Wednesday evening. A resident of Sector 15, who runs a shop in Sector 20, was strangulated by a furniture shop owner at the victim's store.Ashok Kumar, 50, who owed Rs 2,400 to Jaswinder Singh, 30, was rushed to the General Hospital, Sector 6, where he was declared brought dead. While Jaswinder Singh has been booked under Section 302, he is still at large.Ashok had reportedly got some furniture made by Jaswinder and had to pay Rs 5,000. Of this, he had already paid Rs 2,600 and a payment of Rs 2,400 was still pending. On Wednesday, when Kumar along with son were at their workplace, Jaswinder came there to ask for his money and both started quarrelling over it.The fight took such an ugly turn that Jaswinder strangulated Ashok in front of his son,\" Sector 20 police station SHO Narender Kumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12362397", "title": "Dust haze sees pollution levels increase by 500%", "text": "Mumbaikars woke up on Wednesday to a thick layer of dust that had enveloped the city reducing visibility levels to six times lower than normal and increasing pollution levels by nearly 500%. But the dusty haze, as the MET has called this phenomenon-it was more pronounced in north India-is not benign, and doctors spent the better part of the day fielding calls from citizens who complained of breathlessness. Because of the haze, suspended particulate matter (SPM) levels rose from 200 units per cubic meter to 1,200 units, reported the Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB). Dr Ajay Deshpande, joint director of MPCB, described the SPM levels as \"a historic rise\" , never before witnessed in the city.Though weather officials say the haze is a temporary 24-hour phenomenon, the particulate matter will take a longer time to dissipate, and doctors have advised patients susceptible to respiratory ailments to take extra precautions.\"The sun was pale. The journey from home to office felt like I was travelling through a large construction site. By the time I reached office, I could feel the dirt on me,\" said Amey Bashisht, who resides in Dahisar and works at Churchgate. Commuters said they could barely see the train approaching the platform.MET officials in Mumbai blamed the haze on a sandstorm in Rajasthan. \"There was a sandstorm in Rajasthan as the temperatures rose very high. The dry winds displaced the sand particles there. Northerly winds carried forward the storm southward towards Mumbai,\" said V K Rajeev, director of weather forecast at Indian Meteorological Department, Mumbai.But many meteorologists are attributing the haze across the country to the dust storms in the Middle East. Agencies like NASA released satellite images of a giant dust plume across the Arabian Sea from the Middle East to India on Tuesday , March 20, which affected many parts of Punjab, Haryana, Delhi, UP and Rajasthan.\"A dust haze was brought to the northern parts of India from Saudi Arabia by south westerly winds. It's a global phenomenon and India is also being affected . In Punjab and Rajasthan, visibility was 1km,\" said Ajit Tyagi, former director general of IMD.Senior weather officials said the haze was due to a dust plume and was not a dust storm. Tyagi said: \"A dust storm is a local phenomenon caused by winds blowing near the ground. What we are witnessing is a haze, which has been carried over miles across countries.\"The high pollution levels spelt trouble for those who already suffer from asthma , sinusitis or rhinitis. Anjali Pujari (32) was one of many Mumbaikars who had problems breathing. Pujari, who already suffers from asthma, found her symptoms aggravated by noon.\"When I went to the doctor's clinic , it was full of people with chest problems,\" she said. Doctors reported a sharp rise in the number of patients complaining of respiratory problems. Dr Ashok Mahasur , chest physician at Hinduja Hospital said: \"Most were senior citizens who complained of breathlessness . There were also a few students, who were brought in after their exam or had to leave their paper mid-way because of bouts of coughing.\" A senior KEM doctor said: \"It is a temporary problem . Patients need not fear.\"Inputs from Chittaranjan Tembhekar", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12365708", "title": "Rushdie swings at Imran\u2019s bouncers", "text": "Two months ago, Salman Rushdie was forced to skip the Jaipur Literature Festival after death threats and protests. So when former cricketer Imran Khan tried to create another upsetting and awkward situation for Rushdie by pulling out of a Delhi conference both were invited to, the author decided to counter attack . 'Imran a better-looking version of Gaddafi'During his keynote address at India Today Conclave recently, Rushdie ridiculed \"playboy\" Khan, calling him \"Im the Dim\" - a title British media apparently gave him during his cricketing days - and joked how he resembled Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi. The Mumbai-born novelist also accused the cricketer-turned-politician of trying to placate mullahs and Pakistani Army by not sharing the stage with him.Khan pulled out of the conclave, saying Rushdie, the author of controversial book The Satanic Verses , had caused immeasurable hurt to the Muslims.\"I would place a substantial bet that he has not read it (The Satanic Verses)\" and that \"back in the days when Imran was a playboy in London, he was called Im the Dim\", Rushdie, 64, said during his address at Taj Palace in Delhi on March 17. \"Immeasurable hurt is caused to the way in which Muslims are seen by the terrorists based in Pakistan to act in the name of Islam... Immeasurable hurt is caused to Islam by the presence in Pakistan of Osama bin Laden for so long...\"He said Khan should talk about such issues rather than creating a \"bogeyman\" out of him. Taking a dig at the retired allrounder for refusing to share stage with him, Rushdie said, \"There was a time when I would feel scared of Imran Khan on the cricket field... Times have changed and it seems it is Imran who is afraid of facing my bouncers now. May be his hook shots are no more what they used be.\"The Booker prize-winning writer said that Khan was informed about his participation well in advance, but Khan didn't react at that time. The former cricketer, according to Rushdie, was informed on February 28 and again on March 3. \"Maybe he belongs to the old school and does not understand how email works. This man wants to be the ruler of Pakistan,\" Rushdie quipped.Khan was supposed to deliver the keynote address, a spot which eventually went to Rushdie. \"I have to thank Imran Khan. I was going to speak at a less important session. I thank him for this promotion and for vacating this spot,\" Rushdie said. The writer was glad that nobody else was protesting this time than Khan.In another jibe, he said: \"Have you noticed the physical resemblance between Imran Khan and Gaddafi? If you were making a movie of the life of Gaddafi and you wanted a slightly better-looking version of Gaddafi, you might cast Imran Khan. He would need to act of course, which would be a problem.\"'Rushdie has mindset of a small man' Imran Khan, who dropped out of a Delhi conference attended by Salman Rushdie, has stoked the clash with the writer by saying that Rushdie has the mindset of a small man. He termed Rushdie's insults as petty, and called him a radical who has caused pain to a lot of people. The cricketer-turned-politician stood by his decision not to share the stage with Rushdie and said that there were limits to free speech. \"There are people whose views I respect, and may be worry about what they say about me... but Salman Rushdie is someone I couldn't care what he said about me. Whatever little I thought him to be - a brain, an intellectual - but some of the remarks he made about me just reflected a mindset of a small man,\" Khan said during a lengthy interview to an Indian news channel. In a reference to Rushdie's controversial book The Satanic Verses, Khan said: \"The Koran is a way of life. So when anyone attacks that, it causes immense pain to us. So whatever causes pain to such a large part of humanity, you should lay off the subject.\" He added one cannot hide under freedom of speech and offend people's sentiments. \"There was no way I was going to be on the same platform as him... the remarks he made about me, some of them are extremely petty,\" Khan said. On Rushdie portraying him as a radical, the former cricketer said: \"If there is anyone who is a radical, it's Salman Rushdie. Radicals cause pain, he has caused pain. He is a fanatic in a sense.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12367057", "title": "Water Day: Our rivers flow unprotected", "text": "KOCHI: As yet another Water Day passes by, the state that boasts 44 rivers is yet to decide on a river basin authority, though several proposals in this regard have reached various policylevel stages.The government is facing serious river-based issues like sand-mining, encroachments and problems of effluents. It is yet to constitute a statutory body to monitor the misuse of our water resources. According to experts, the fault lies in rivers being divided among too many government departments. They in fact have too many owners, but no guardians. Departments of Irrigation, Forests, Revenue, Mining, the Pollution Control Board, KSEB and Kerala Science and Technology Council are all among their protectors.\"Water management should always be undertaken at the local body level. How did Plachimada happen? It was because the local panchayat had no say in the issue,\" said A Latha, river scientist, River Research Institute, Chalakkudy.According to her, previous governments have considered the demand for constituting river basin organizations, but nothing concrete has come up so far. \"A Pampa river basin authority was proposed, but it is yet to take shape,\" she said. \" The chief minister had, a few months ago, declared that a river water protection authority would be soon constituted to monitor Periyar River. \"We had suggested setting up a river protection force on the lines of the CISF with patrol boats and mobile laboratory to check abuse of the river,\" said C M Joy, president, Association for EnvironmentalP rotection, Aluva.\"Periyar is the lifeline of several lakhs of people in Ernakulam and Idukki districts. The authority set up to protect it should have quasi-judicial powers,\" said Joy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12363049", "title": "Dust haze envelopes city", "text": "BHOPAL: The haze that has taken over the north-western parts of the country has had its effect in Madhya Pradesh as well. A thick envelope of haze and dust engulfed the state capital on Wednesday morning reducing visibility by less than half (from 4-5 kilometres to 1-1.5 kilometres). The situation was similar in other major cities of the state including Indore and Gwalior.Officials of the Meteorological Department, Bhopal circle said the suspended dust particles coming from the Rajasthan side due to prevailing north-westerly winds and squall have resulted in reduced visibility. As the sun played hide and seek the minimum temperature too also went down.Similar conditions are expected to prevail during the next 24 hours, the officials said, adding that it was a yearly phenomenon witnessed during the onset of summers.The maximum and minimum temperatures at Bhopal, Indore, Gwalior and Jabalpur fluctuated between 36.1 and 18.5 degree Celsius on Wednesday.Weathermen recorded a maximum of 34.8 (-1) degrees in Bhopal against a minimum of 18.5 (+2). The maximum around Indore remained at 34.4 (-2) degrees while minimum temperature was recorded 17.0 (+1).Further, 31.0 (+3) remained the maximum temperature of Gwalior while 18.6 (+2) was the minimum. The maximum and minimum temperature at Jabalpur was recorded 36.1 (+2) and 20.6 (+5) degrees Celsius respectively.In the next 24 hours, the maximum temperature in city is expected to remain around 35 degrees and minimum at 17 degrees. While the weather is expected to remain dry in rest of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12365270", "title": "Ajmal goes globetrotting!", "text": "Looks like Ajmal is country-hopping these days, shooting for his Tamil films.A couple of days ago, the actor was in Paris (France) and Italy for his Karuppampatti, and is currently stationed in Ooty for Vetri Selvan. \"I've been shooting in extremely cold climates for the last one month - be it in Europe or in Ooty. But I'm happy that the sequences have come out well,\" says Ajmal.Talking about Karuppampatti, he says, \"It's being directed by Prabhu and has me essaying characters belonging to three different generations. It's been a challenge working on the film so far.\" The film stars newcomer Aparna, and Alice, an Italian model, in the film. Meanwhile, he's also excited that the Ram Charan-starrer Rachcha, in which he does a cameo, will be releasing in Tamil as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12368434", "title": "Bus battery worth 20,000 stolen", "text": "NASHIK: A battery worth Rs 20,000 was reported stolen from a city bus. of a city bus has been reported stolen by an unidentified thief.According to the complaint lodged by Saurabh Ratnaparkhi of Budhwar Peth, Subhash Road, the battery was stolen from a bus that was parked inside the Panchavati depot on the night of March 19.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12362124", "title": "\u2018Hoardings policy will soon be in place\u2019", "text": "PUNE: Municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak on Wednesday said the state government would soon approve the hoardings policy, following which the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) would implement the same with immediate effect.The state urban development department had in August 2011 suspended the policy prepared by the PMC since proper procedure was not followed in publishing it and seeking state permission.\"The PMC has completed all the procedures and the general body's (GB) resolution is with the state government. Following the approval by the state, we will implement the policy,\" said Pathak, during a debate on tax structure and revenue generation in the GB meeting.All party corporators questioned the civic administration over the hoardings policy. Shankar Kemse of the Nationalist Congress Party and Aba Bagul of the Congress said that the PMC would generate more revenue if it started to implement the policy.The policy, which was approved unanimously by the GB last year, seeks to keep a check on sky sign advertisements and hoardings in the city. Permission for existing sky signs will be cancelled and new ones will be issued. The city will be divided into several zones so that permission issues are streamlined.The policy aims to ensure that no sky signs or advertisements are displayed in a manner that inconveniences motorists and pedestrians. Rules have been drafted as regards the size and structure of the hoardings. No advertisements will be allowed in public places, such as gardens, hilltops, slopes, riverbanks and historic and religious places. The Pune Outdoor Hoarding Association had approached the Bombay high court against the policy. However, the HC had told the state government to look into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12365589", "title": "Retired employee's house burgled for 3rd time", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Burglars made away with cash and jewellery worth Rs 8 lakh from the house of a retired hydel department employee in Mohtasimganj on the intervening night of Tuesday and Wednesday.The victim, identified as Ved Prakash, has lodged an FIR with Kotwali police. He said the burglars had broken the back door of the house for entry.The family members were asleep at the time of incident.Ved Prakash told TOI that this was the third time when his house was targeted by burglars. He added that two earlier theft cases have not been solved till date.There has been a rise in cases of thefts and burglary in the Kotwali police circle.The locals have raised questions over police failure to crack these cases and arrest the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "mahbubnagar", "code": "12362849", "title": "BJP springs a surprise in a cliffhanger", "text": "MAHBUBNAGAR: It was a cliffhanger even as the media went into an overdrive at one time by declaring TRS candidate Syed Ibrahim a winner by a mere 200-vote margin over his BJP rival Yennam Srinivas Reddy in Mahbubnagar on Wednesday.But the equation changed in five minutes at the JPNES Engineering College counting centre here. Amidst suspense and high drama, Srinivas pulled off a sensational win in the last three rounds though Ibrahim was surging ahead between 7 and 15th rounds. What more, the counting itself was intriguing as Congress candidate S Muthyala Prakash was maintaining a lead up to sixth round. Srinivas made rapid gains in the final three rounds and ran a close fight with Ibrahim till the counting got over. Finally, he managed a 1879-vote margin over the TRS candidate. Insiders said TRS had 2600 vote majority over BJP till 16th round.The saffron party tapped into the electorate's aspirations and mounted a rearguard campaign which paid the dividends to Srinivas Reddy. Though TRS chief KCR pitched for Ibrahim, his roots did not click with the electorate. \"KCR's Muslim candidate gambit fizzled out just as Congress gamble to pitchfork Prakash has failed,\" analysts said. Whereas Srinivas, who has rallied T-forces in the last few years, was a hands-on leader mingling with the cadres and an active participant in the T-movement, they reasoned.Analysts said for a party which received a mere 1600 votes in 2009 elections, it was a big leap as Srinivas polled 39,385 votes this time around. \"Now, BJP would root for an opportunity to cash in on its victory and pose problems to TRS,\" a senior analyst said.Soon after the defeat of Ibrahim was confirmed, unidentified persons attacked the house of TRS polit bureau leader Jithender Reddy. They damaged his vehicle and destroyed furniture in protest against the defeat. On his part, Ibrahim put the blame on the united Andhra protagonists. \"Employees, students and some T-forces voted against me,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12362734", "title": "HC slams state for \u2018lethargic\u2019 probe", "text": "MUMBAI: Over seven months after three protesting farmers, including a woman, were killed in police firing at Maval near Pune, the Bombay High Court on Wednesday came down heavily on the state government for its \"lethargic investigation\" in the case.\"Seven months later things are as it is,\" said a division bench of Justices P B Majmudar and R D Dhanuka.\"We have noticed that in every incident where there are serious allegations , like in the case of a police encounter, killing or police firing deaths, things are not investigated and the probe is carried out in a most casual manner.\"The court expressed shock at the way the case was handled by the government. \"The government is required to protect the life of every citizen. Though three persons lost their lives, the investigation is going on at a snail's pace and a serious matter is being conducted in a very deprecable manner. It is high time that investigation agency acts in a manner that the citizens faith is restored.\"The court has directed the state government to file an affidavit placing before it the status of investigations. The judges also asked the state to clarify whether the order of the district magistrate was required before the police can open fire on protestors and if the procedure was complied with in the Maval firing case.\"Just because you have been given a licensed weapon does not mean you can open fire without following procedures. If the permission was not obtained, it could be a case of culpable homicide,\" the judges said.Three persons, including a woman, died on August 9 last year in police firing when farmers were protesting against a scheme to divert water from the Pavna dam to Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation.The judges asked the public prosecutor the reason why an order of the magistrate directing a senior police inspector to investigate the incident was not implemented. The prosecutor told the court that the state had challenged the order and was awaiting a verdict. The court was informed by the petitioners that the state's appeal had been dismissed.This invited the ire of the judges. \"The state police should have been vigilant and ensured that persons who were guilty should be booked without any delay. Citizens expect the state machinery to function expeditiously and come to a conclusion in a reasonable time,\" remarked the court, hoping that its order would act as a \"wake-up call\".The court also asked the petitioners to delete the name of chief minister Prithviraj Chavan from the list of parties as there are no personal allegations against him and the state was already named as a respondent in the case. The court has scheduled the matter for further hearing on March 27.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "12362627", "title": "Two ultras get 10 years in jail for smuggling arms from Kashmir to Hyderabad", "text": "AJMER: A fast-track court in Ajmer handed a 10-year jail sentence to two persons and a seven-year sentence to two others for smuggling weapons, including an AK 47 rifle, from Kashmir to Hyderabad and for conspiracy.Additional district judge Kamal Prakash Saxena convicted Shabir Ahmed Ratar, Ravindra Mali, Mujib Ahmed alias Ahmed bhai and Mohammad Yasin.Shabir belongs to Kashmir's Tilgay and Ravindra is a resident of New Delhi. They were sentenced to 10-year jail and Rs 10,000 fine. They were arrested in Ajmer on December 26, 2005. Police found an AK 47 rifle, 15 detonators and 299 live bullets hidden in a false ceiling of the truck in which they were travelling.Shabir was a member of Jammu &amp; Kashmir Liberation Front and was involved in terrorist activities. \"The truck was carrying apples from Jammu to Delhi and their plan was to carry marble from Kishangarh to Hyderabad. This way, it would be difficult to notice the false ceiling inside the truck where these weapons were hidden,\" said the case file.Probe revealed that Ahmed had asked Shabir to carry the weapons to Hyderabad and promised to pay him Rs 3 lakh. Yasin, a Hyderabad businessman dealing in marble, was also involved in the conspiracy. Police alleged Shabir, Ravindra, Mujib and Yasin conspired for a terror attack in Hyderabad.Ahmed was a member of the Hizbul Mujahideen, a Kashmiri militant group, which was planning an attack in Hyderabad, police claimed. Ahmed and Yasin were sentenced to seven-year jail and Rs 10,000 fine.\"If they do not pay the fine, they have to serve three more years in jail,\" said Manzoor Ali, special prosecutor of the case.The prosecution produced 26 witnesses and 72 documents to prove the charges against the accused.Ajmer: A fast-track court here sentenced two terrorists to 10 years of imprisonment and two others to seven years imprisonment for smuggling an AK 47 rifle and other weapons from Kashmir to Hyderabad and for conspiring an attack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12362601", "title": "Assembly likely to debate state budget for four days", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan assembly is likely to have a four-day debate on the state budget once chief minister Ashok Gehlot presents it in the House on March 26. The assembly session schedule from March 26 to March 30 was discussed at the business advisory committee (BAC) on Wednesday, sources said.It was learnt that the chief minister would reply to the budget debate on March 30 evening. Along with the state budget for the financial year 2012-13, the chief minister is likely to present the vote-on-account for the government's expenses till the time the budget is passed, the sources said.Gehlot, who also holds the portfolio of the finance, would be presenting his fourth budget of his second tenure as the chief minister. Since the state would be going to polls towards the end of 2013, the coming budget is expected to have a populist approach.The BAC is scheduled to meet again on March 27 to chalk out the House's business after March 30, sources said. The budget session is expected to continue till mid April.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "12362920", "title": "Panchkula\u2019s only 5-star hotel sealed", "text": "PANCHKULA: In a big jolt to Panchkulites, its only five-star hotel, KC Royal Park, was sealed on late Wednesday night by Haryana Pollution Control Board (HPCB) as samples collected from its sewerage treatment failed to comply with the prescribed norms.A team comprising HPCB executive engineer Sumit Amroi, sub-divisional officer (SDO) Varinder Singh Punia and SDO Kawanljit Singh carried out the operation.\"The discharge from hotel was not meeting the prescribed standards. An inspection was carried out last month and samples were collected. And as samples failed, a notice was served on February 28, but the authorities did not file any reply,\" Amroi said. He added that effluent which ultimately goes to rivers is quite harmful and has to pass through prescribed norms. \"Today we sealed the hotel's kitchen, washing laundry area, digi sets. Orders have been given to electricity department to snap their supply from tomorrow. Above all a complaint has been filed with environment court,\" he added.Meanwhile hotel manager Pradeep Sabharwal refused to make any comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12362780", "title": "Bangkok bomber was in India", "text": "NEW DELHI: Intelligence agencies had claimed that the simultaneous terror attacks at Delhi and Bangkok were linked. Now, there's more proof. Iranian bombers wanted by Delhi Police for the February 13 attack on an Israeli diplomat had also recced the Thai capital a year ago.In April last year, when the bomber, Seyed Ali Mahdian Sadr, was surveying Bangkok for probable terror targets, another accused Afshar Irani was in Delhi on a one-month recce. Later, Sadr travelled to Delhi to join Afshar who had already bought a scooty to recce the capital. They fixed their target as Israeli diplomat , Tal Yehoshua Koren, and returned to Tehran.Investigators also learnt that the operational head of the module, Sedaghatzadeh Masoud, who is now in Malaysian custody, is the youngest among the Iranian bombers and his passport had been issued by Tehran last year - just days before the terror blueprint was laid.Intelligence agencies are now investigating the possibility of the module being part of an Iranian spy agency.Official sources say Sadr is the link between the Delhi and Bangkok blasts. He was also instrumental in convincing journalist S M A Kazmi to help them in their India operations.Sadr, a resident of Tehran, had first paid $5,500 to Kazmi when he went to Iran in February 2011. He got his passport (J14922614) issued from Iran on December 25, 2008 while his Thai visa, of which TOI has a copy, shows Sadr travelled there in April 2011 (issue date of Thai visa - April 12, 2011). At the end of April, he got an Indian tourist visa for a month-long stay here.Sources say Sadr went to Bangkok and then probably joined Afshar Irani in New Delhi. Irani, 40, was issued a month-long visa by India on April 25. His passport (I17287444) was issued in January 2010 from Iran.Indian investigators reportedly do not have records of Mohammad Reza Abolghasemi visiting India or Bangkok in April 2011 but say that he came to India in January this year on 15 day tourist visa to help Sadr and Irani to conduct a reccee and assisted them in assembling the bomb. Sources say that the explosive was smuggled into India by the Iranians.Sleuths are now investigating how the men managed to bring explosives into the country without being caught at IGI airport .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12364538", "title": "High Couert sets deadline on hawker policy", "text": "KOLKATA: Calcutta high court issued a deadline to the Mamata Banerjee government to introduce a new hawker policy within the next two months.This observation by the division bench of Justice P C Ghosh and Justice M K Choudury came after the hearing of the petition filed on the issue by green activist Subhas Duttaon the issue.Dutta alleged that although central government has a hawker policy, but the state government since 2006 has failed to chalk out provided a proper hawker policycausing difficult to the general people of the city of the Kolkata to move free in the road or in the pavement .The court also directed the police commissioners of Calcutta and Howrah to prepare a road map for the purpose of avoid road conjection and will submit it to the court appointed committee - on which state government pleader Ashok Banerjee is the head and Dutta is member of the committee - within six weeks.The court had earlier constituted the committee for the purpose of removing the traffic congestion in the city.Dutta alleged that the state government has not taken any positive initiative to introduce a proper hawker policyfor the state.On another case relating to the rallies and meetings by the political parties at the central business district of the city, the court observed that state government should frame a policy on suchabout the rallies. The court adjourned the case for two months. Earlier, the court had directed the political parties to file affidavits in the matter stating their views about the issue. Except CPM, SUCI and PDS, no other political party has filed their affidavits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12362638", "title": "Health ministry wakes up to swine flu threat in state", "text": "JAIPUR: The state health ministry is closely monitoring the recent cases of swine flu and has already started collecting details about the reports on a daily basis.So far, in March, 28 cases of swine flu have been reported in the state and out of them five have died of H1N1 influenza. Since the cases of swine flu were reported in Jaipur after a gap of around six months, it has caught the department off guard. Earlier, the control room for swine flu at Sawai Man Singh hospital was lying almost unattended but as the cases started being reported, the department deployed eight doctors and four nursing staff to control and prevent the disease from spreading.The department has claimed they have pulled their socks up to deal with the threat of spread of the disease in the state. \"We take each and every case of swine seriously,\" health director BR Meena said.The department claimed they have ensured the availability of tamiflu, medicine used to treat swine flu, even at the primary health centres in the rural parts of the state.Meena said, \"We are carrying out a door-to-door survey in four districts of the state including Jaipur, Pali, Churu and Jodhpur to detect swine flu patients. We are doing daily monitoring of swine flu in the state to prevent the spread of the disease.\"And to diminish the scare of the disease, the department has opened a telephone line for counseling about the disease. \"A person who wants to know about the disease can call at 104,\" a department official said.Also, the department has provided facilities for testing swine flu at all the six medical colleges in Jaipur, Jodhpur, Ajmer, Kota, Bikaner and Udaipur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12365820", "title": "Probe into Chanda cooperative bank funds 'misuse'", "text": "NAGPUR: Cooperation minister Harshwardhan Patil told the state assembly on Tuesday that an inquiry has been ordered into the alleged misuse of funds by Chandrapur district central cooperative bank.Raising the issue during question hour, Vikas Kumbhare, Devendra Fadnavis and others charged that the bank had spent Rs 4.13 crore on renovation of its main office in Chandrapur and branch offices in Bramhapuri, Nagbhid and Gondpipri in January. This was done in blatant violation of Nabard rules.Patil, defending the conduct of the bank, said that 2012 being the golden jubilee year of the bank, various functions have been held so far to mark the occasion. \"If the bank had the money then prima facie I don't think there is anything wrong in using it for building repair.\"The opposition MLAs, however, claimed that such expenditure was prohibited by Nabard adding that the banks non-performing assests (NPAs) were a whopping 20%. \"How can a bank that is struggling to survive spend lakhs on celebrations and building repairs,\" Fadnavis asked.The minister then told the House that on the basis of newspaper reports the divisional joint registrar, Nagpur, had directed the district deputy registrar, Chandrapur to conduct an inquiry vide letters dated February 2 and February 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12365252", "title": "Academic city in Kerala soon", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Kerala might see a state-of-the-art academic city soon. Talks are on with a Dubai-based organisation to set up the city in Kerala, the state assembly was informed.\"The academic city is being planned on the lines of the Dubai Knowledge Village. This would see various courses that would be run by numerous foreign universities. The course curriculum and the faculty would be coming from the various universities and it would offer courses that are generally not offered by the universities in the state,\" said PK Abdu Rabb, education minister, Kerala.The students who are expected to take admission to these courses would come from abroad, besides from within the state and the country.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12362805", "title": "Only Delhi police can question Kazmi, says trial court", "text": "NEW DELHI: No other investigating agency other than the Delhi Police will interrogate journalist Syed Mohammed Ahmad Kazmi, arrested for his alleged role in the February 13 bombing of an Israeli diplomat car, a trial court said on Wednesday.\"This is expected that the Special Cell will not permit other investigating agencies to make the applicant (Kazmi) an experimental block,\" chief metropolitan magistrate Vinod Yadav said while deciding the plea of Kazmi in which he had alleged that he was being \"interrogated by officials of other investigating agencies, like Mossad of Israel, RAW, IB and others\" .In its order, the court, however , told the police that it was not barred from sharing information with other investigating agencies. \"I do not see any bar on the investigating agency (Delhi Police) sharing information of the interrogation of the applicant (Kazmi) with the investigating agencies of other countries, particularly of Israel and Iran , as India is a signatory to the UN Convention of Prevention and Suppression of Terrorism (Implementation of Security Council Resolution ), 2007,\" the judge said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "12363410", "title": "Stray adoption drive at Nerul on Sunday", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: A street dog adoption drive will be organized on Sunday at Nerul Gymkhana, opposite Nerul railway station, from 10am to 6pm. Animal lovers interested in adoption can go to the venue with their photo IDs and proof of residence.\"Street or stray dogs are well suited for the Indian conditions, which makes them ideal pets,\" said Anand Siva, the main organizer.\"Street dogs are healthier than the imported breeds, which do not adjust to the Indian weather conditions easily,\" he said, adding, \"They can easily be trained at home.\"There will be a vet at the venue for check-ups and an animal behaviour specialist, who will counsel on training and bringing up a pet. For more details, you can contact +91-77386 11333 or adopt-a-pet@hotmail.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12366341", "title": "Pretty pampered", "text": "What more do women want than being pampered silly? And when they get to do it with their bunch of friends over a party, there's nothing more that they could ask for.This was what the ladies got treated to at this soiree, where they got to put their feet up in the air, quite literally, as they unwinded over pedicures, hair washes and loads of gossip. Perfect fodder for the soul, we'd say. And to ensure that the ladies had a great time, there were canapes and coolers. As they took sinful bites into chocolate pastries and quiches, the ladies knew that this was indulgence at its best. With some of the city's known faces like Erum Ali, Uma Padmanabhan and Paloma dropping by at this do, the glamour quotient plummeted further. More such events for the ladies, we ask!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12367056", "title": "Juhi Parmar's debut on stage!", "text": "TV actor Juhi Parmar who is basking in the glory of Bigg Boss season 5 success has been getting a lot of TV offers these days. But before she zeroes down to any one show, she decided to try her hand at theatre - she has never got a chance in the past to try her hands in theatre.She is debuting with a play tentatively titled as Accha Toh Hum Milte Hai produced by Pravaah Creation ( Sanjay Jha ) and presented by Anand Mundra. Recently there was a Muhurat Pooja for the same.Regarding her experience of working in the play, Juhi says, \"I am excited about the play. The script is interesting and realistic. I am happy that I got to work with Asif Sheikhji again, after TV show Chanda Kanoon. We share a great rapport, and he is a fine actor .\" About the story of her play, she says, \" The plot revolves around the basic differences that are there in a married couple. We will deal with the issues in a light-hearted manner and the best part is that people can relate to it.\"We are sure; Juhi's fans would be elated, as they will get an opportunity to see you live!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12362626", "title": "Cleaner rams school bus into tree, five kids injured", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A heavily drunk bus driver of Anand Niketan, a reputable school in Shilaj, put lives of 20 students in grave danger when he handed over the bus to its cleaner, who later rammed the vehicle into a tree near Isro.Five children sustained injuries due to the bus' glasses shattering under the impact of the collision.According to Satellite police station officials, the driver, Pranav Thakore, was inebriated when it was time for the bus to start from the campus to drop children home. Realizing that he was not in a condition to drive, he asked the cleaner, Shailesh Tadvi, to take over as driver. Thakore decided to sit beside him.However, Tadvi, who is not an experienced driver, lost control near Isro. The bus veered off on the wrong side and rammed into a tree.CISF jawans posted outside Isro rushed to the spot after hearing a loud thud. They removed the children from the bus and called up their parents using the cell phone number printed on their identity cards.Thakore, who fled the scene after the incident, was arrested later along with Tadvi. An offence has been registered against both.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12365960", "title": "Badminton champion Arundhati Pantawane raring for comeback", "text": "NAGPUR: Making a comeback to the international competition after a gap of three months, Arundhati Pantawane is determined to make amends with a solid performance in the 36th Polish Open Badminton tournament which will be held at Sleza (Poland) from March 22-25.The 22-year-old Nagpur shuttler, who had to miss Uber Cup and other European tournaments because of eye ailment, has now completely recovered from ulcer in her left eye and raring to go.Arundhati, who now slipped to 61 in world rankings from career-best 51, has got a tough draw but she is prepared for that. The fit-again Arundhati will open her campaign against a qualifier in the first round on Friday which she is expected to win easily. However, her journey thereafter will be pretty tough as she will face top seed Ai Goto of Japan in the second round.Goto, who had shocked Saina Nehwal in the very first round last year in Delhi's Super Series, will be overwhelming favourite for the Polish Open title but Arundhati is eager to give the world No. 20 a run for her money.\"It will be difficult to beat Goto but not impossible. I had beaten top-25 players few times last year and if I play to my full potential there is a chance for an upset. I have studied her game and she relies more on rallies. It will test of my fitness and skill against her. I will back myself against her and hope for the best,\" Arundhati told TOI from Stockholm.Arundhati is currently based in Sweden and representing Taby Club as professional player. She has guided Taby Club to semifinals in the Swedish Premier Badminton League this season.\"After my eye injury, I was very disappointed as I had to miss several important tournaments. But I got my confidence back thanks to Taby Club's experience. I have registered some morale-boosting wins here that helped me get my rhythm back. I hope to take my club to finals this year,\" said Arundhati, a trainee of Pullela Gopichand Academy.The National Games gold medallist can take the inspiration from the fact that she had surprised everyone by storming into the Polish Open semifinals last year. She must be hoping to repeat the show if not better it.Apart from Arundhati, K Nandagopal is the other Indian to take part in the Polish Open. The talented AP shuttler, who is also playing as a Pro for Taby Club, will have to go through the qualifying stages before making the men's singles main draw.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12362945", "title": "Major administrative reshuffle in PU", "text": "PATNA: With the change of guards in different institutions, Patna University (PU) had a major administrative reshuffle on Wednesday.PU's former science faculty dean and former statistics department head Arun Kumar Sinha has been appointed the new principal of Patna Science College in place of Kashi Nath who had submitted his resignation to the vice-chancellor about a fortnight back. Nath had been appointed Patna Science College principal on the recommendation of PU Selection Committee.B N College history department head and former students' welfare dean P K Poddar has been appointed principal of the college. He joined his new assignment on Wednesday. The post had fallen vacant following the removal of Raj Kishore Prasad on the order of Patna High Court. College geography department head K K Maltiyar had been officiating as the principal following the removal of Prasad.PU Urdu department teacher Ezaj Ali Arshad joined as the new students' welfare dean on Wednesday. The office of the dean was lying vacant following the resignation of Poddar early this month. Arshad had already served as the dean of students' welfare earlier.B N College geology department head M N Sinha joined as the geology department head of Patna Science College on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12368323", "title": "Common bird monitoring program launched", "text": "NASHIK: On the occasion of World Sparrow Day on Tuesday, the Common bird monitoring program, a pioneer project to monitor common birds was launched on the occasion of World Sparrow Day on Tuesday. The programme is an initiative by Nature Forever Society, a Nashik-based NGO that aims to nitiative.It aims to aimed at monitor 18 common bird species that are found across the country, using detailed mappingthrough detailed mapping, said birds ing, through detailed mapping, the 18 common bird species found across the country, informed Mohammad Dilawar, founder-president of Nature |Forever Society. of the Nashik-based NGO.\"This programme is perhaps the first of its kind in the country. It includes common birds like the house sparrow, house crows, rock pigeons, rose-ringed parakeets, which are well known, as well as and the lesser-known Ashy Prinia and Hoopoe. In addition to India, the project will also help map the common bird species in the entire Indian sub-continent, including Pakistan, Bangladesh and Sri Lanka ,\" said Dilawar. \"Nature Forever Society is especially indebted to the Jaypee Group for its commitment towards the environment and its contribution to a greener planet through,\" he added.Elaborating about the project, Dilawar he added that there is no scientific data on these species in the country and the acquired data will help map the presence orabsence, and the population and distribution of these common birds. since There is currently no scientific data on these species in the country.\"The data can be statistically analysed for launching conservation efforts. Most western countries have such programs involving citizens dating back to a hundred years, with the oldest being the Christmas Bird Count in the US, which has been running since 1900. In India, there is a lack of data on bird populationThis is because there is a lack of area-wise data on common birds,\"Dilawarsaid.The bird monitoring program highlights the idea that conservation is not a far-fetchedconcept. It can happen in one's immediate surroundings. Plus, it does seem like a great way to get closer to nature.This initiative will also help in scientific and data-driven conservation efforts:*Make conservation a practical and achievable task.*Help citizens participate in conservation efforts*Raise awareness among people that conservation is not a far-fetched idea, it can also happen in their your immediate surroundings.How you can participate:- Spend a minimum of 15 minutes to observe the common birds around you and enter the data in the simple form on the website www.cbmi.in. One can record the data from any location, even during visits to other towns or villages. Multiple locations can be entered by the participants.- A bird guide will be provided to help you identify the birds.- The process entails a one-time registration and participants can enter data either daily, weekly, monthly or annually. The entire process is transparent and Data collected as part of the survey will be made accessible to participants. people. and registering to the people, and the participants who have registered for the program will be able to view all the data entries. People will also get credit for bird sightings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12362802", "title": "Of choices and decisions", "text": "Highlighting the plight of school students who do not get parental support in deciding their career, and end up committing suicides, a group of college students \" Kalakshetra\" has prepared its first film - The Broken Trestle. It took the group more than one and a half years to complete the project due to lack of resources.The group comprising Ravikant Sharma, Alya Bains, Vikas Sharma, Prabdeep Kaur, Sahib, Gurpreet Tandon and director Upmanyu Naskar discussed the making of the film with TOI.Sahib, who role-played in the film, said, \"It was only on Sundays when we had time for the shooting, and attended colleges on the weekdays. Our parents did not support us but we never gave up. Now when they watch the film, they quietly praise our efforts.\"Upmanyu said, \"We used an old digital camera which had a memory card of just 256MB. We transferred the recordings to our computer every few minutes as the camera memory reached its limit quickly. There were no sufficient people and no good equipment due to our financial troubles. Two members of our team left in-between citing personal reasons.\" Lead actor Ravikant said, \"We emphasized on the fact that parents should try to understand the skills of their children rather than imposing their decisions on them. We have been through such situations and wanted to make people aware. No matter what, we never missed any Sunday and worked hard.\"Gurpreet said, \"From scripting to cinematography and editing, all has been done by Upmanyu. It was he who kept us together and made us work in dedication.\"The storyline focuses of two students - Manvi Malhotra and her friend Aarush. Manvi is an obedient girl and passionate towards studies. She wants to be a journalist but when her parents refuse to support her and force her into a profession of their choice, she is heartbroken. Against the will of her parents, Manvi carries out a sting operation against a politician. On coming to know of it, the politician gets one of her friends killed. Her parents lock her up in a room when they hear of the goings-on. Towards the end, the girl kills herself. The group screened the film two times in the city and was appreciated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12362461", "title": "Fire breaks out at three places, 1 hurt", "text": "JAIPUR: Fire broke out at three different places on Wednesday and a 16-year-old boy was injured in one of the incidents.In the first incident, a major fire broke out around 7.30 am in a plastic godown-cum-factory at a residential area in Sindhi colony. Chief fire officer, Ishwarlal Jat said, \"It took around seven hours and 20 fire tenders to douse the fire. As the area was congested we had to use snorkel ladder for the first time.\" He added, \"Acting on information by a local resident, the fire brigade rushed its rescue team along with one fire tender there at 7.50 am .\" Nearby buildings were evacuated as a precautionary measure. \"Four neighbouring houses were affected due to fire. Even though several residents were inside their houses, no injury or fatality was reported,\" said Jat. Nagendra Shastri, resident of a nearby house, claimed, \"Despite several complaints at JMC headquarters, the godown is still there in the residential colony. The officials visited the spot but no action was taken.\"In the second incident, fire broke out at a carton factory in the Sanganer area around 4 am. \"The fire was doused after two hours with the help of five fire tenders.\"The third incident occurred at Kumarnand hall behind Vidhyakpuri police station when a thinner drum caught fire. Circle inspector, Rajendra Diwakar said, \"A 16 year boy, who was a labourer and was painting the hall sustained injuries on his legs due to fire. He was immediately rushed to the hospital.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12365332", "title": "Who will be RGV's super-cop", "text": "Ramu has approached both Sanjay Dutt and Kamal Hassan for the role of Rakesh Maria in his filmInitially, he denied intentions of making a film on the 26/11 Mumbai terror attacks but eventually, went right ahead with it. However, while Ram Gopal Varma may have zeroed in on the actor who will play terrorist Ajmal Qasab, he is sort of stuck with the role of Maharashtra Anti Terrorism Squad Head Rakesh Maria, the super-cop who led the entire 26/11 investigation when he was Joint Commissioner Crime, Maharashtra.Apparently, Ramu had earlier approached Sanjay Dutt for the role. However, Dutt wanted to first see how Department fared at the box office before making any commitment. Meanwhile, we now hear the director has approached Kamal Hassan for the same role.A source revealed, \"Ramu may have made a fool of himself when he went to the Taj along with the then CM Vilasrao Deshmukh to see the damages done by the attacks. However, one can't deny the fact that he has now got a subject that everyone wants to see, especially after he makes it. He could not have gone wrong with the casting and so he was keen to have Sanjay Dutt play Rakesh Maria, as he had already worked with the actor in Department. But Dutt is playing the witing game. He wants to gauge the response to Department before saying yes.\"The source went on to say, \"On the other hand, Ramu has also approached Kamal Hassan, who is also keen to work with him but is busy completing his film Vishvaroop.\"When contacted, Kamal Haasan confirmed the news, \"Varmaji and I have spoken about the role. We've been close to working together for several years. But there are problems that need to be sorted out. We're yet to sit down and discuss my character. I've been in Mumbai, but am so tied up with the post-production of Vishwaroop that we couldn't discuss it.\"When quizzed about Dutt, Ramu simply replied saying, \"Not true\".Meanwhile, we've heard that the real reason why Kamal Hassan isn't too keen on the project is the nature of the film which is about terrorism. The actor isn't ready to trifle with such a sensitive theme.All we can do in the interim is to wait and watch who will play the role.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12368837", "title": "Debi Dutta does a Kuthu number", "text": "Arun Vijay's Thadaiyara Thaaka continues to be in the news.First, Prachi Desai was roped in to play the female lead of the film. Then Prachi walked out citing date issues and Mamta Mohandas replaced the Bollywood actor. Later Arun Vijay made his singing debut with a peppy number along with L R Easwari.The actor had said, \"Nothing was planned as such. During the recording of the song, the music director of the film, Thaman, wanted to test my voice and then it all just happened. Singing with veteran singer LR Easwari was indeed a proud moment for me. Poondhamalli is a lovely high-tempo 'kuthu song' and will be one of the highlights in the movie. I am sure it's going to be a chart buster. I thoroughly enjoyed singing it.\"The latest news is that Mumbai-based model-actor Debi Dutta has been roped in for the song. She will groove to the kuthu number, Poondhamalli dhaan Pushpavalli dhaan.The song is being shot at TR Gardens in an enormous set that resembles the popular Zam Bazaar. Poondhamalli... has two female lead dancers, one, Debi Dutta and another popular dancer from south cinema.It is being filmed at nights with 50 dancers and 150 junior artists under the choreography of Noble Master [of Telugu blockbuster hit Ringa Ringa fame].Sukumar has done the cinematography. Once the song is canned, the movie will be ready for post production.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12367048", "title": "Metro: Public Investment Board meets today", "text": "KOCHI: KMRL is set for the crucial public investment board (PIB) meet, which will decide on the future course of the Metro project. The Centre will consider according sanction to the project depending on the recommendations made after this meet, scheduled to be held in New Delhi on Thursday.Experts view the allocation of Rs 60 crore made in the Union Budget for the 'not yet approved project' as an indication of the Centre's renewed interest. The state has made a budget allocation of Rs 150 crore for the project. Though the amount will be used for land acquisition and carrying preparatory works, the PIB meet will decide on the funding of Kochi Metro, which is estimated to cost Rs 5,146 crore.The meet will decide if the project should be implemented on a public-private partnership basis or as a joint venture by the state and Centre. KMRL managing director Tom Jose said the components related to funding would be decided at the meet. Aspects like loan and provision for tax exemption will be explored at the meet. It will be attended by senior officials from the finance ministry, urban development ministry, planning commission and KMRL. The recommendations made at the meet will be submitted to the Union cabinet for approval. The Centre can then take a decision on whether to grant sanction or not. Earlier, when planning commission vice-chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia visited Kochi, he had assured that the project would get the Centre's approval by April.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12363170", "title": "Poverty in Madhya Pradesh falls by 12% in five years", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh has registered a significant 12% fall in poverty in five years between 2004-05 to 2009-10 as against the national average of 7.3%, with poverty reduction in rural and urban areas remaining by and large equal.From 1999-2000 to year 2004-05 Madhya Pradesh was the only state where poverty had increased by 4% from 44.6% to 48.6% while in subsequent years, the state posted a decrease in poverty from 48.6% to 36.7% during the period from year 2004-05 to year 2009-10, a government spokesman said.As many as 13 lakh families have come above the poverty line in five years from year 2004-05 to year 2009-10. He said this achievement of MP was due to augmentation of irrigation facilities, increase in agricultural productivity, and 24-hour power supply to the industries, efficient implementation of rural development schemes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12365649", "title": "IIITs to switch to varsity model of functioning", "text": "ALLAHABAD: With the Ministry of Human Resources Development (MHRD) issuing directives to technical institutes of national importance granted deemed university status, to switch over to the UGC mode of functioning, decks have been cleared for country's all 4 premier IT institutions including, Indian Institute of Information Technology, Allahabad(IIIT-A)to adopt the nomenclature of universities in administrative functioning.The MHRD directives issued few days back and received by the institute authorities state that all technical institutes of national eminence including IIIT-A and other 3 IIIT's including IIIT, Gwalior, Jabalpur and Kanchi which till now continued to function as deemed universities but stuck to IIT model of functioning in terms of administrative functioning would now have to switch over to university model.This means that the institutes would now have the option to re-designate the positions in general administration. For example the director, would now become the vice chancellor, while the institute Senate would now be known as Academic Council. Similarly the Board of Governor(BOG) would become Board of Management(BOM).However one thing would need to be taken special care of this time. These institutes including IIIT-A which uptil now continued to function without a full fledged Registrar and instead delegated administrative powers to subordinate staffs would henceforth have to appoint a full time registrar who would function as the administrative head.He would be responsible for performing duties related to day to day administrative functioning of the institutes and report directly to the vice chancellor earlier known as director, informed the spokesperson, IIIT-A, Pankaj Mishra.He accepted that the University Grants Commission(UGC) which uptil now had nominal control over the institutes would now be assuming a greater role in supervising and monitoring the functioning of IIIT\"s.The institutes would be required to report to the UGC every six months about the progress and development in various spheres and the UGC in turn would also undertake periodic inspections.However he said that funding of IIIT's would continue to remain under the control of MHRD given the fact that IIIT's were set up in the country way back in 1998 and accorded the status of technical institutes of national importance accorded deemed university status at par with IIT's. This facilitated the IIT model in administrative functioning.He added that a separate Bill for IIIT's is awaiting clearance from the parliament which would also bring about a major change in the structure of all 4 IIIT's in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12362909", "title": "HC vacates PMC stay on construction of multi-storey buildings on the bank of Ganga", "text": "PATNA: The Patna high court on Tuesday revoked the stay order passed by Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) on construction of multi-storey buildings on the bank of Ganga near Dujra and Digha.Passing the order, a single bench of Justice Sheema Ali Khan observed that the PMC could continue with the inquiry into construction of the multi-storey buildings on the river bank. The PMC had stopped work on the ground that safety measures were not followed in construction.In their writ petitions, the builders claimed that they followed all safety norms on the basis of which the PMC had approved the map of their multi-storey buildings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12362362", "title": "Two held for murder", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 52-year-old woman, who had gone missing from the Nihal Viahar area of west Delhi a few days ago, was murdered over property by her neighbour, police said. They said two persons, Nafees and Baljeet, have been arrested for the crime.The victim, Iqbal Kaur, was taken by the accused to Chandpur village at Bijnor in UP where she was murdered, and her body buried.A police source said Kaur lived with her son Narender. She went missing on March 18. Unable to trace her whereabouts, her son approached the police. A complaint was lodged at the police station, sources said.In the meantime, one of her neighbours, Nafees, approached the victim's son saying Kaur had transferred her property to his name and that he will soon take possession of the house.Narender became suspicious and informed cops about the incident, who detained Nafees. During interrogation he gave conflicting statements but soon broke down upon sustained grilling and confessed to his involvement in the crime.\"He told us he had dumped her body in Bijnor with the help of his associate, Baljeet. A team was sent there which managed to find the body based on the information given by him. He has been arrested and a case of murder registered against him and his friend,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12365938", "title": "Three more cases of rape, five in last three days", "text": "NAGPUR: With three more rape cases registered on Wednesday, total of five cases of rape have come to fore in the last three days at various police stations. Out of the five victims, three are minors while one is a deaf and dumb, mentally challenged girl.On Monday, a 15-year-old boy was arrested for allegedly raping his seven-year-old cousin while on Tuesday afternoon, a father was held for forcing his daughter into physical intercourse repeatedly over five years. The victim is two months pregnant.On Tuesday, a 15-year-old girl who had left home in anger after being scolded by her mother claimed she had been raped by a friend's friend, who had provided her shelter. The standard IX student had left home in anger last Sunday and didn't return for eight days. Aditti (name changed) had been scolded by her mother when she refused to say where she got the new cell phone found in her bag.\"On being questioned by her mother, Aditti refused to name her friend and hence she was scolded,\" said the victim's father. He said Aditti left home while her mother was busy in the kitchen and he was fast asleep. After searching for her for two days, the parents had lodged a missing complaint at Dhantoli police station.The girl said that after leaving home, she met her friend who took her to accused Manoj Dohade's room. \"Dohade stays in a rented room at Surendragarh. The girl said that for the first three days, one of her friends was with her. But on Wednesday she was alone and Dohade forced himself upon her,\" said C Bahadure, senior police inspector of Gittikhadan police station.Aditti said that she stayed in the same room till the next Monday. She told police that Dohade pleaded with her not to tell anyone about the incident. Then while searching for their daughter, Aditti's parents contacted her friend who informed them about her location. After Aditti narrated the incident, her parents approached Gittikhadan police and filed a complaint. Dohade was arrested from his residence.In other incident at Nandanwan, a 50-year-old man was arrested for repeatedly having intercourse with a labourer woman in her thirties for six years after promising to marry her. The woman filed a complaint after the accused, Sadashiv Bhajipale, refused to marry her. Nandanwan police said that since last six years the woman had been working as a labourer in a godown owned by Bhajipale. Though married and a father of three, Bhajipale had promised the woman he would marry her and established physical relations.In the third case, a dead and dumb, mentally challenged girl was raped by construction labourer Shekhar Bhave (41). The incident took place under the jurisdiction of Hudkeshwar police station on Wednesday afternoon. Bhave was working at a construction site near the victim's house. In the afternoon, the girl in her twenties was alone while her mother had gone to a nearby shop when the labourer entered her house and raped her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12363458", "title": "Soon, automated meters in Maharashtra to track power usage", "text": "MUMBAI: Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Ltd (MSEDCL) has decided to create a power 'Big Brother' that will enable electricity distributors to know the consumption of a consumer at any given moment.Once the system - automated metering infrastructure (AMI) - is fully in place, meter readers will be a thing of the past. MSEDCL sources said that the company had placed orders for 50 lakh meters that use infrared (IR) and radio frequency (RF) technologies.The IR meters would be used in rural areas and RF in urban localities. Officials added that MSEDCL is the first power utility in the country to implement this project on a large scale.An official explained that a low power RF unit, similar to those used in cellphones, will be installed on the meters. The meter readers' hand held units (HHU) will also have an RF unit. The meter reader's unit will be able to record the readings of all the meters located within 30m. In case a meter is not functional since the last 24 hours, it will immediately alert the server. If a consumer's meter has not been functional for some time of the day, the unit will detect it. Those consumers who switch off their meters at night will get exposed.Meter readers would move around the city recording the profiles of all meters. Once the database is ready, recording meter readings of a high-rise building will be a matter of two or three minutes.Once this process is completed in major urban areas, MSEDCL will go in for Phase II of the project. Data concentration units will be installed on distribution transformers. Using RF technology, these units will record all the data of the meters served by the transformers. The transformer will then transmit the data to the central server using GPRS technology.This will enable to MSEDCL officials to see the power consumption of a consumer at any time of the day.In rural areas, there would be an IR chip in the meter and another in the HHU.The HHU must be within 1.5m of the meter and there should be no obstruction. As soon as the meter and the unit get connected, the meter chip will send the reading to the HHU, which will store it. One HHU can store 2,000 readings. The reader will then connect the HHU to the computer with a USB chord and transfer the data. The purpose of this project is to reduce human intervention and data entry errors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12362708", "title": "You will get world-class roads for sure: Government", "text": "BANGALORE: Just one year down the line, your ride on Brigade Road will be a smooth one. With potholed roads chipping away at citizens' patience, the government last year announced that it would make key Bangalore roads world-class. Now this decision has been given a concrete shape in the budget with the CM proposing Rs 200 crore for the project.Bangalore City Connect, an NGO spearheaded by corporate bigwigs Kris Gopalakrishnan of Infosys and Kiran Mazumdar Shaw of Biocon , signed an MoU with the state government four months ago under the scheme called Project Tender SURE (Specification for Urban Roads Execution).To begin with, 27 roads have been shortlisted for development among the 200 city roads to be re-laid to meet the city's increasing demands. The shortlisted roads include Brigade Road, Church Street, Nrupathunga Road and Rajbhavan Road. Besides, 17 roads have been identified for maintenance with government fund.The upgradation of these roads will not include road widening. The team of Tender SURE has chosen roads which have loops and are situated at the heart of the city. As everyone including those living on the outskirts use the main corridors of the city, the team had suggested to the civic agencies to take up roads in the central business district first.As per the norms of Project Tender SURE, the contractors from now on will not have any scope for making a quick buck by executing shoddy work. PTS aims to bring about changes in the tendering process of road formation. The highlights: contractors cannot give away the work to sub-contractors, no more piece meal-construction and routine quality checks.According to Swathi Ramanthan, co-ounder of Janaagraha who played a key role in the implementation of the project, it is a moment to celebrate. \"It's phenomenal. Not even one square area of the city has the best road. I congratulate the chief minister for considering our proposal and encouraging further,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12362255", "title": "Chaplin was born in gypsy caravan, secret letter says", "text": "LONDON: Charlie Chaplin was probably born in a gypsy caravan in the West Midlands in the UK, according to a letter locked away for decades by the legendary silent movie star in his bedroom.Until now, the true birth place of Chaplin has remained a mystery the US spy agency CIA and Britain's MI5 have been unable to crack. Now the letter, written to Chaplin in the 70s claims he was born on the \"Black Patch\" near Birmingham rather than in London as he had publicly claimed.The faded document was sent by Jack Hill , who lived in Tamworth, Staffordshire, and was only discovered in 1991 after the star's daughter inherited the desk it was concealed in, the 'Daily Mail' reported.In the letter, Hill told Chaplin , who died in 1977, that he had been born in a caravan, in a gypsy community in Smethwick , West Midlands, which was ruled by a gypsy queen.In the letter, he told Chaplin that he was \"the only man alive\" who knew the secret of his birth. Chaplin's father, he explained, had worked alongside his own father in the Pat Collins troupe.Now, researcher Edward Ellis, from Manchester, is attempting to track down the history of Hill to determine whether or not his claims have any basis.Ellis said, \"It's a real mystery - he was investigated by MI5 and the CIA in the 1950s and they could not crack the nut. \"Because he didn't have a birth certificate even Chaplin didn't know where he was born.\" The silent film pioneer's son, Michael, first revealed the existence of the letter in a BBC radio documentary broadcast last year.The letter was found after Chaplin's daughter Victoria hired a locksmith to prise the desk drawer open.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12362373", "title": "Now, supporters shower currency notes on minister", "text": "LUCKNOW: Supporters of newly sworn-in minister Chittranjan Swaroop showered currency notes on his first home coming as minister, leading to a virtual stampede in Muzaffarnagar on Tuesday late evening. Just a day back, SP chief Mulayam had directed all the ministers to maintain a good public image. The incident has put a question mark on the efforts of party's leadership to discipline the cadre and leaders.More surprising than the incident was the response of the minister when the issue was brought to his notice by the media. Chittranjan Singh said, \"No currency notes were showered on me. The political rivals are feeding the media with baseless information to defame me and my party.\" When shown the video footages shot barely a few minutes earlier, he said, \"I am sure some outsiders have come in and done this. I condemn such acts and disapprove of them.\" Thereafter, he walked away with his supporters raising slogans in tow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12365826", "title": "Spare aam admi of taxes", "text": "LUDHIANA: Taxing the common man is not a remedy for improving the economic health of a nation,said Ajit Lakra, president, Federation of Knitters and Textile Association, Ludhiana while discussing Budget 2012 with MBA and MCA students of Gujranwala Guru Nanak Institute of Management and Technology (GGNIMT), Ghumar Mandi on Wednesday. Lakra said that the Budget 2012 was drafted out of political compulsion and it did not provide relief to the a??aam admia??. He added that the growth of a nation is directly related to the development of labour intensive industries, which in turn leads to multiplicity of benefits accruing to people. He pointed out that reforms pertaining to textile industry have been completely overlooked in the current budget. Amanjot Kaur, a chartered account, highlighted that the 2% increase in service and excise tax is adding to the vicious cycle of inflation. She said the budget has shades of mixed emotions where a few sectors on one hand have been imposed with higher taxes while on the other hand 17 services have completely been kept out of the purview of taxes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12365641", "title": "Mukul Roy announces rollback in rail fare hike", "text": "NEW DELHI: Newly appointed railway minister Mukul Roy announced a rollback in some of the rail fares that were announced last week in the Rail Budget.Mukul Roy told Parliament that fares for first and second class passengers in air-conditioned carriages would still go up, but there would be no increase for other classes of travel more commonly used by the poor.\"The proposal to increase (fares) will impact the common man,\" Roy said. \"I intend to give relief by not increasing fares in any of these classes.\"The proposed increase in passenger fares, the first in eight years, was aimed at shoring up the finances of a rail network whose dysfunction has become a major drag on the economy.The objection to the increase, led by UPA ally Trinamool Congress, underscored the inability of Manmohan Singh's government to take unpopular steps and its vulnerability in the face of querulous coalition allies.Saying it was important to run railways economically and safely, Roy announced there would be no increase in passenger fares.Mukul Roy also said he intends to launch an aggressive drive to mop up resources for the railways. Unmanned level crossing to be removed, he said.Former railway minister Dinesh Trivedi , who had announced an increase in passenger fares across all classes in the Rail Budget on March 14, faced a lot of flak from Trinamool chief Mamata Banerjee and was forced to resign over the issue a few days later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12363030", "title": "Parking woes hit General Bazaar", "text": "HYDERABAD: Parking woes at General Bazaar have led to a drop in business for shop owners here. They say that lack of proper parking space has been eating into their profit margins and that many customers are discouraged from shopping there due to less parking space. Shopkeepers note that business has dropped by 30% to 60% due to the parking problem.Rashmikant Parekh of Paras Toys and Novelty Store said, \"We have noted a 30% drop in sales from last year because of the parking problem. The parking space near the Mahatma Gandhi statue is already small. To add to our problems, owners of shops inside the General Bazaar lanes park their cars there all day, leaving even lesser space for customers' cars.\" Employees of a popular cloth store and a well-known eatery too said that their sales have suffered a 25% drop, adding that the boards set up on the road divider too made it difficult for customers to cross the street and visit the stores. While the monthly revenue of Khadims shoe store has dropped by Rs 3 lakh to Rs 4 lakh, Jagadamba Pearls reported a 60% drop in sales in the past year.The parking space is enough to accommodate only around 50 cars. Parking attendants revealed that on many occasions, people return without shopping as there are no empty spaces and because they do not wish to leave the keys with the attendants, which is a rule there.While members of MG Road Council tried their best to bring the matter to the notice of the authorities a few years ago, there has been no response from them yet. Ravinder Agarwal, president of the MG Road Council and owner of Jagadamba Pearls said, \"From the past 50 years, the shops and the roads here are the same, but the vehicles have increased greatly. We had written to the municipality and the police around three years ago, but so far no response has come. How can they expect us to work in the same space? The customers expect basic things like parking and security when they come to our store.\" He then questioned, \"Why can't the authorities remove the garden around the Mahatma Gandhi statue and use it for parking space? When the circles of the Nehru statue at Abids and the Rajiv Gandhi statue at Punjagutta were turned into pedestals, why can't the same be done here?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12363200", "title": "Eye infection kills four blackbucks", "text": "INDORE: Four blackbucks died following infection in their eyes in last two days, while 20 others have been detected with the infection at Kamla Nehru Zoological Park, here.Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) has directed the zoo officials to take necessary action to cure the animals of infection. The civic body has sought help from wildlife experts and veterinarians and blood samples of the animals have been sent for testing to laboratories.The zoo has 55 blackbucks of which 20 were found to be infected. Zoo officials fear that most of the infected blackbucks have lost their sight. Zoo in-charge Dr Uttam Yadav said, \"Twenty blackbucks have been found infected on Tuesday during feeding by the zoo official. All the animals have been isolated and kept in separate enclosures to avoid spread of infection.\" He further stated that zoo has consulted wildlife expert Dr A B Shrivastav of Veterinary College of Jabalpur for treatment.However, DFO Saeed Khan said infection in any wild animal is always fatal as it comes to our notice at an advanced staged. \"The reason being that the animals cannot express their anguish and pains,\" he said, adding that the infected animals should be isolated so that others are prevented from being infected.On Wednesday zoo requested dean of Veterinary College of Mhow to send a team of veterinarians. A team comprising HoD of Medicine department of Veterinary College, Mhow, Dr Mishroliya and associate professor of pathology department Dr Nidhi Shirivastav conducted post-mortem on the dead blackbucks and collected blood samples of the infected animals.Team has also collected samples of tissue of death animal. Samples of tissue and blood have been sent to Veterinary College of Jabalpur and Mhow. Yadav said that investigations are on and zoo authority is taking all necessary precaution and care.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12362226", "title": "Art on offer at Rajasthan festival", "text": "PUNE: Promising to offer the rich cultural and artistic heritage of Rajasthan, the first-ever Rajasthan Mahotsav will be held in Pune from March 23 to 28 at the Ganesh Kala Krida Rang Manch.The festival will be inaugurated by former education minister of Rajasthan Bhanwarlal Meghwal. Vidhan Sabha president Dipendrasingh Shekhawat, Maharashtra minister for cooperation Harshwardhan Patil, MLC Ulhasdada Pawar, Maharashtra education minister Rajendra Darda and MP Lalchand Katariya will be present for the festival's inaugural ceremony. A Rajasthani food festival, a handicrafts festival and a Rajasthan film festival will be inaugurated on the first day, which will also see a presentation of the unique folk music tradition and dance forms of the state.President of the Rajasthan Mahotsav Samiti Mohan Joshi said, \"The festival has being organised to introduce Puneites to the unique cultural milieu, taste, lifestyle and arts of Rajasthan.\" The six-day programme is also aimed at familiarising the Rajasthani community with its own cultural and artistic identity. \"There are about five lakh Rajasthanis living in Pune. Some are families from Rajasthan that have lived here for the last 100 years or more, while some are recent immigrants. There are also families who haven't been to Rajasthan at all. The festival also aims to bring closer the Rajasthani community here,\" Joshi added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12362663", "title": "Girish Karnad bats for Ramanujan essay", "text": "NEW DELHI: Taking forward the protest against dropping of A K Ramanujan's essay on different versions of Ramayana from the undergraduate curriculum, the history department of Ramjas College organized a national seminar on Wednesday called 'Speaking with Ramanujan'.Actor and playwright Girish Karnad delivered the first A KRamanujan lecture highlighting the multiplicity of our culture and how well Ramanujan narrated it. He spoke about the Ramayana emphasized on how important it was to preserve the tradition and celebrate the diversity in our country.\"Karnad spoke about how culture was multiple and not frozen. While the university has chopped off Ramanujan's essay on different versions of Ramayana, there was this scholar who was not partisan and wrote about how people in different regions adopted and adapted to different narrations of Ramayana,\" said Harsh Kapoor, a former DU student, who helped out the college's history department in putting together the event. The lecture was preceded by the screening of a documentary film called Kanaka Purandara made by Karnad in 1988. The film draws heavily on Ramanujan's prefaces to 'Speaking of Siva and Hymns for the Drowning'.Aimed at popularizing the work of Ramanujan along the corridors of Delhi University, the department has planned to launch a series of such events. Besides film screening and a lecture, there was a short discussion on the issue by academicians Kumkum Roy and Udaya Kumar. There was a story-telling session known as Dastangoi - Dastan Jai Ram ji ki presented by Mahmood Farooqui and Danish Husain. The initiative was supported by the other institutions like ICHR, IIAS Shimla, The School of Liberal Studies and The School of Undergraduate Studies, Ambedkar University Delhi, department of Hindi from Deshbandhu College as well as history departments of Jamia Millia Islamia, among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "moscow", "code": "12362159", "title": "Russians too protest Norway\u2019s childcare", "text": "MOSCOW: Scores of people have demonstrated against Norway demanding the release of 15 Russians children , who like the two Indian kids were taken into protective custody by the Scandinavian nation's child services.The protests, organized by 'Young Guards' and the movement Russian mothers against Norwegian Child Welfare Service, were held outside Norway's diplomatic missions in Moscow, St Petersburg , Murmansk and Arkhangelsk on Monday.The aim is to demand the release of 15 Russian children who have been separated from their Russian parents and placed in Norwegian foster families, The Nordic Page reported.Maya Kasaeva, one of the protesters, says that she has been deported to Russia after her son was taken 8 years ago. The protesters claimed Norway categorically refuses to sit down at the table and discuss it despite Russia's efforts to start negotiations on the issue, the report said.The protests came after Russian media recently carried a series of stories about how more and more Russian women living in Norway are deprived of their children.Notably, two Indian kids were taken away by the child welfare officials in Norway in May last year and placed in foster care.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12363500", "title": "\u2018Builder nexus in SRA projects worrying\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Slum rehabilitation and redevelopment projects being used for unjustified gains by builders has begun to worry the state.State home minister R R Patil expressed concern during the question hour in the legislative assembly on Wednesday. Patil announced that the home department had decided to launch a detailed inquiry into a Mahalaxmi SRA project as a \"pilot case\" to uncover this nexus. MNS member Nitin Bhonsale and a few other legislators had sought details of a police inquiry into this case.He claimed that the economic offences wing (EOW) of the Mumbai police, which is investigating the case, had found that the complainant in the case was acting at the behest of another developer, who wanted to snatch the project away from the present developers. Stating that similar bogus complaints had been filed and that they have come across cases where police involvement raised suspicion, Patil said that his department was keen to uncover and break this nexus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12362943", "title": "Order on Srilakshmi bail plea today", "text": "HYDERABAD: Special judge B Nagamaruthi Sarma of the CBI Court on Wednesday reserved to Thursday his orders on the bail plea of Y Srilakshmi.The senior IAS officer is currently lodged in Chanchalguda jail in connection with the OMC illegal mining case.The judge heard both her and the CBI's counsel before reserving his judgment.Also, in separate orders, the judge dismissed the bail pleas of V Vijay Sai Reddy the auditor who is an accused in the Jaganmohan Reddy illegal assets case and N Sunil Reddy an accused in the Emaar scam.The judge accepted the investigative agency's argument that bail to the two accused would hamper the probe in these two cases.In a separate development, G Vijaya Raghava, another accused in the Emaar scam, filed a petition opposing the pardon plea filed by T Ranga Rao of Stylish Holmes who has been cooperating with the CBI in the investigation into the scam.Raghava contended that evidence provided by Ranga Rao's could not be considered valid as he was a co-accused in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12368536", "title": "19-yr-old biker killed in road accident", "text": "NASHIK: A 19-year-old was killed in a road accident that took place at the Shilapur shivar, on the Nashik-Aurangabad road, on March 20 at 10.30pm. According to the complaint filed by Akil Iqbalkhan Momin of the Rest Camp, Deolali Camp, on the said day, Shafiq Momen, who was on the bike was hit by a taxi Jeep coming from the opposite direction.Women reportedly died in the accident. Meanwhile, the police have still not arrested the taxi driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12363019", "title": "Stabbed by husband, TV anchor survives life bid", "text": "HYDERABAD: A TV anchor was stabbed by her husband, against whom she had lodged a harassment complaint a month back, in New Bhoiguda on Wednesday. She survived the bid on her life and is recuperating at Gandhi Hospital where she is said to be out of danger.On Wednesday afternoon, Studio N anchor Ch Shruti alias Meghna Reddy was stabbed twice by husband Nagender Reddy at his house in New Bhoiguda where she had gone to collect her belongings accompanied by two police constables.Shruti, 24, of Champapet's Balaji Nagar fell in love with Nagender Reddy and married him in 2005. The couple has a five-year-old daughter and a three-year-old son.But differences cropped up between the couple and, in February this year, Shruti filed a domestic harassment case against Nagender alleging that he had been physically and mentally harassing her. She also alleged that Nagender, who runs a video recording and camera repair shop in Koti, had secretly recorded naked videos of her and was threatening to post them on the internet unless she did as he asked.Based on the complaint, Nagender was arrested on February 16 by Central Crime Station (CCS) women's police and was released on bail a week back.On Wednesday at about 2.30 pm, Shruti went to Nagender's house along with two CCS women constables to collect her clothes and certificates.According to police, Shruti spent over 30 minutes gathering her belongings with Nagender cooperating with her. However, Nagender objected as she was about to pick up some items belonging to her children whereupon Shruti stormed out of the house in a rage, asking him to keep everything with him.As she was leaving, Nagender picked up a knife from the kitchen and confronted Shruti in front of the house, stabbing her twice, in the stomach and on her back. One of the constables who tried to stop the attack sustained a minor cut on her hand, Gandhi Nagar inspector M Mohan Kumar said.After the attack, Nagender fled the spot and surrendered before Gandhi Nagar police. Police arrested Nagender under section 307 (atempt to murder) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).Shruti's family members alleged that assistant commissioner of police (ACP) at Malakpet, Mohd Iqbal Siddiqi has been protecting Nagender. \"Nagender has long been recording obscene videos of women to blackmail them. I have CDs containing such obscene recordings. A month back, the Malakpet ACP sent his men and detained me over these CDs. I was released upon intervention by some civil rights groups,\" Shruti's brother Sainath told TOI.However, the Malakpet ACP termed baseless the allegations levelled against him and said Nagender was merely an acquaintance who ran an electronics repair store. \"I am not even aware about the details of the case. All the allegations against me are false,\" the ACP told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12365549", "title": "Rising water level flushes out Nagpur's H2O worries", "text": "NAGPUR: The city is perhaps the only one in the country where the ground water levels are on the rise despite its high population. The most populated area of the city, Sitabuldi has the shallowest ground water level while Sonegaon maintains the deepest ground water level at any time of the year. These were only some of the facts revealed by the Central Ground Water Board's (CGWB) survey that measures the depth of the ground water table of the city.The survey done four times in a year significantly before and after the monsoons, aims to measure the dependency of the citizens on this important natural resource and to study the dynamics of groundwater in the area. Drawing out water regularly from the underground sources like dug wells, bore wells and tube wells helps to recharge the water table of the area, say the scientists from the board. Records show that in the last two decades, the city has seen a marginal rising trend of 0.005 m/year in the level of ground water.The survey, that doesn't include the hilly areas of the city, shows the prevalence of a shallow ground water level in central parts around Civil Lines and Sadar areas and north-western part around Hajari Pahad area. Deeper water levels are mainly observed around Airport and Chinchbhuvan towards the south, near Pardi Naka and Kalmana, Reshimbagh and Tulsibagh in the east and in the new settlements in the outskirts.\"There is a big East-West divide as far as the city's water table is concerned. The densely populated East side of the city has hard rock formation. Also, there's much more withdrawal of water in these areas resulting in deeper water levels,\" informed Pradeep Dube, regional director of CGWB, Nagpur. However, the central part of the city, also thickly populated, has the shallow water levels throughout the year due to the low rate of withdrawal in these areas, he added.The depth of water in most part of the city before the rainy season has been between 3 and 6 metres below ground level. \"Few areas like Sonegaon, Reshimbag, Godhni and Kalamna have deeper water levels. Right after the rainy season when the ground water is at its shallowest level, the same areas and their surroundings are showing that the ground water levels are touching 9 metres,\" said senior scientist of the board PK Jain.Highlighter: TOI is starting a three-part series on the occasion of World Water Day that falls on March 22. In the first part, scientists from CGWB speak about the ground water levels of the city just prior to the monsoons and after the season. The second part of the series will focus on water management.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "12365234", "title": "Accused attempts suicide in custody", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: An accused in custody of Ramnagar police station tried to commit suicide on Tuesday afternoon. Injured accused Raju Shetty (35) has been admitted to Civil Hospital for treatment.Police sources said that Shetty was taken into preventive custody on Monday after he was found moving suspiciously in the crowd at Chandrapur bus stand. He was kept in the custody of Ramnagar police station. On Tuesday afternoon, Shetty took a steel mug meant for drinking water to the lavatory in the cell and inflicted cuts upon himself with its sharp edge.He was then rushed to Civil Hospital. An offence of attempt to commit suicide was registered against Shetty. It was, however, not known why he tried to kill himself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "12362556", "title": "Navi Mumbai held to ransom by \u2018auto-cracy \u2019", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: Autorickshaw drivers stayed off Navi Mumbai's roads for the second consecutive day on Wednesday, holding thousands of commuters to ransom in the process.Over 8,200 registered autos did not ply in the city due to the strike, which was likely to continue till at least Thursday afternoon when a transport ministry delegation would meet union representatives at Mantralaya.\"We will take a decision on whether to continue with the strike or call it off after the meeting,'' said Kasam Mulani, president of the Navi Mumbai Rickshaw Mahasangh.Forced to take crowded buses or walk to their destinations, citizens described the situation as \" auto-cracy\". \"We were happy that auto fares had been revised to bring them on a par with those in Mumbai. But the boorish attitude of the union and drivers is causing us a lot of difficulty,'' said Ashim Dev of Vashi. \"The government should not concede to the ridiculous demands of the union,'' said a commuter in Nerul.Calling the auto strike unauthorized, RTO (Thane) N K Patil told TOI: \"It is reasonable enough to reduce the auto tariff due to the switch to CNG. For now, we have asked NMMT to ply more buses until the strike is over.\" The union, however, warned that autos in Panvel and Uran would also join the strike if no solution was found by Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12368481", "title": "Gold chains worth 1.35 lakh snatched", "text": "NASHIK: A gold chain worth Rs 25,000 worn by a woman was snatched in the Bhavani Circle area of the city on March 19. The incident took place around 10.15pm, when Chhaya Jagannath Paithanpagar (45), resident of Bhabanagar Vihar society was travelling in a rickshaw when two persons on a bike, came close to the rickshaw, snatched her chain worn by the woman and fled the scene.The complaint was lodged with Sarkarwada police station. Meanwhile, in another incident of chain snatching in the jurisdiction of Sarkarwada, a gold chain worth Rs 1.10 lakh was snatched from the Chopda Lawns area near old Gangapur Naka. Geeta Kale (42), resident of Ghoti, Igatpuri had come to attend a wedding ceremony on March 19. Her chain too, was snatched by two persons on a bike. Two persons on a bike forcibly snatched two gold chains weighing approximately 100 grams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "goghat (hooghly)", "code": "12364868", "title": "Cops attacked after arrest of Trinamool Congress leader", "text": "GOGHAT (HOOGHLY): Villagers attacked a woman constable and five policemen after a local Trinamool leader was arrested in Asudkhola village in Hooghly's Goghat on Wednesday morning.Trinamool leader Susanta Ghosh was wanted for beating up a group of people engaged in a project under the National Rural Employment Guarantee scheme in the village. When a police team arrested him, a large group of alleged Trinamool men attacked them and also damaged a police jeep.Among the injured are a policewoman and two sub-inspectors. In the melee, Ghosh managed to extricate himself from the grip of policemen. The battered and outnumbered team called for reinforcements.Goghat police station sent a large force to the village as reinforcements to quell the trouble. The force also searched for Ghosh who continues to abscond.SDPO Arambagh Akash Magharia said 14 Trinamool men have been arrested for attacking police and damaging a jeep. He said Ghosh was accused of hindering those executing work under the NREGA scheme. Hooghly district Trinamool president Tapan Dasgupta said, \"Some days ago, we had instructed our partymen in Goghat not to organize any party programme without our approval. I will comment on today's incident after getting a report from local leaders.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12365530", "title": "Shankar-Ehsaan-Loy live in concert", "text": "All roads led to Kalamandir on on March 20th evening. Reason? It's not everyday that you get to hear Shankar-Ehsaan-Loy live in concert!Strings attachedWhile Kolkata was thrilled to the core, city boy Purbayan Chatterjee had a reason to break into an ear-to-ear grin. The sitarist, who was part of the show, did a solo recital to \"Sapno se bhare naina\". \"I've performed with Shankar before. He has been part of my String Struck shows, but this is my first with SEL. Also, Bollywood is a different realm - it's on a huge scale,\" said Purbayan. He was also floored by the audience response and rightly so. \"I always thought the Kolkata audience to be more musically-inclined. Discerning is the right word to describe the audience here. But this is for the first time that I saw them break into an impromptu jig as SEL belted out one chartbuster after another,\" he added.Bollywood Ho!So, how was it getting into the Bolly mode? Purbayan said tips from Shankar came handy. \"At a String Struck show in New Jersey, when Shankar took to singing \"Desi girl\" on an audience request, I thought of taking a break on stage. That's when he told me, 'Iss ki bhi adaat dal lo'.\"London callingPurbayan is now looking forward to the Alchemy Festival in London in April, where Shankar will again be joining him on stage. By then, he is hoping to get used to all the glitz that Bolly shows bring along.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "udupi", "code": "12362688", "title": "Daughter builds brand Jayaprakash Hegde", "text": "UDUPI: Like Prathibha is to BJP patriarch LK Advani, Divya is to Jayaprakash Hegde.But Divya, who runs a consultancy firm in Bangalore, went a step forward - she built the brand Jayaprakash Hegde. \"Be it any product, we need a lot of marketing these days. We spoke about his achievements, his clean image and his 25 years of struggle and honesty,\" said an elated Divya at her Appa's (father's) success.Following Hegde's debacle in the 2009 assembly polls and as an independent, Divya started analyzing the reasons behind the drubbing. \"However, his candidature (for Udupi-Chikmagalur bypoll) came as a surprise and the research and survey we did helped immensely,\" said Divya. \"I never thought I'll be part of the election campaign. I didn't want him to lose again,\" she added.Divya, who studied integrated marketing and communications at North Western University, Chicago , US, said her research showed that \"JP Hegde\" as a brand was really strong. \"But research did not indicate that it (bypoll) would be a cakewalk - so we worked really hard at it,\" she observed.So what went wrong in the earlier polls? \"The party lost out on votes as he moved to the Congress. Many people perceived it as a shift from the JD(S) to Congress. There was a lot of anti-Congress votes at that moment. Earlier, since Brahmavar constituency was split (delimitation), many thought it was a shift to Kundapur and there was an established candidate,\" she said.\"People appreciated Hegde for keeping in touch with people even after losing out in the 2009 polls. Additionally, the BJP's sullied image was an added advantage,\" Divya added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12366451", "title": "Has the Pakistan music industry come to an end?", "text": "With the news of Lahore based singer Shiraz Uppal's decision of quitting music in a bid to spend his rest of the life preaching Islam comes as a surprise.Following the footsteps of Junaid Jamshed, who too had given up musical career for religious reasons Shiraz doesn't repent on giving up his musical career and even giving away all his instruments and recording equipment.Shiraz recently posted on his social networking site saying, \"I would like to thank you all for liking and enjoying my music... It was a Beautiful journey but everything comes to an end one day... So I said Good Bye to my Musical Career by my own choice... I just wished and prayed to my creator that how can I make u happy??? And he poured a light in my heart that opened my eyes and the path was lying clear in front of me... May Allah guide us all to the right... Amin. I was in search of this that am I doing anything to make ALLAH happy? How can I make you happy and then I got it how I can make HIM happy\"That doesn't mean that the music industry in Pakistan has come to an end. Infact with the Coke studio's popularity in Pakistan various singers and musicians are getting chance to showcase the talents not only in Pakistan but also around the globe. Meanwhile there have been threats to singers, shows being cancelled where in the music business have suffered too. Pakistani musicians and artists are being forced to give up music too? So how true is it? And Ali Zafar, singer turned actor contradicts, \"Actually they are being forced to do more music.\" He added, \" Music industry has suffered all over the world due to piracy. We could definitely do with less news hysteria and more entertainment and music on our local TV channels but since the society is going through an evolutionary phase, everything is in a transitional phase. Coke studio is the perfect example of where music is headed in Pakistan and I think it's a pretty cool place. However, great music that may be produced in Pakistan, sadly it lacks global exposure. Hence many artists are shifting to Bollywood and I guess, it is the place which can give more exposure to an artists. After all an artist wants to be heard and seen globally.\"On other hand, upcoming artist Raza Waqar Mirza, lead vocalist, Arsh the band says, \" There isn't anything like that but sometimes some families don't let their children pursue music or make it a profession as music considers to be a non Islamic deed here. But in our case we had a full moral support for our music by our family and we are lucky this way. But yes, music industry is suffering in Pakistan due to bad country situation. Not much events are happening because of security reasons. It's been 5 years in the Pakistan music industry for us now that we've been struggling and working hard to make our impact in the music scene. But we faced all the problems and bad phases in our career and never gave up which let us make our mark and gave the boost to our musical career which is backed up by the appreciation of thousands of our fans all around Pakistan, India and rest of the world.\"That's not all, the young musicians have been very particular while penning the lyrics for the song. \" Whenever we compose any new composition we keep a theme in our mind before writing its lyrics so that when the composition and song is done it would give a good feel which would be soulful and catchy for the listeners. Just like we've composed a song named Lamhaa which gives a message of peace and we composed it especially for the Indo-Pak peace. Paki Rock music is known for its Music Industry worldwide and there have been several legends who have contributed good music. We just want Paki Music industry to be supportive and kind with the new comers and upcoming artists so that more and more fresh talent comes out which would be good for the listeners too and the country as well.,\" adds Raza.However Goher Mumtaz, lead vocalist , Jal Band points out, \" Frankly, I didn't meet any single artist who gave up music. That's a huge perception. Including myself and others, we have been never forced by someone to stop or quit it. I started my band in 2002, when I was a college boy who dreamt about making a band. 2000 to 2007 was the ideal era for new artists and musicians because music industry was flourishing due to new music channels, media and growing economy. But from 2007 till 2010 was the worst era that a musican could ever thought of , attacks, no concerts, economy went down due to global slump and corporate sector was down too. It's only been past two years that slowly the music industry in Pakistan has changed. In my 10 years of music career, we have never being forced to quit music as no one ever tried to stop it in Pakistan, we are moderate people with moderate /liberal thinking and carrying positive image for country in front of world. Moreover, people do perceive that in Pakistan it is hard to do music, which not true at all.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12365107", "title": "Famous on-set injuries in Bollywood", "text": "Ranveer Singh, who injured himself on the sets of Vikramaditya Motwane's Lootera, is now in the same league of actors who have hurt their backs while shootingA week back Ranveer Singh suffered a back injury while shooting for Vikramaditya Motwane's Lootera in Dalhousie. Though, the makers tried to underplay the seriousness of the accident, it was discovered that Ranveer, unable to walk post the injury, was not only moved out of the location on a stretcher, but also advised complete bed rest.Amidst reports of Motwane's film being postponed due to the actor's condition, Ranveer's father Jasjit Bhavnani said, \"He has been brought back to Mumbai. He is resting at home. Frankly, I cannot tell you when he will resume shooting. First, let him recover. Then we'll take a call.\"Talking about Ranveer's health, Mr Bhavnani said that the actor's condition has however, not intensified.Ranveer getting injured on the sets is surely not the first. Scary action sequences are slowly adding up to the list of back injuries in Bollywood .Back AttackHrithik Roshan October 2011: Hrithik suffered a fall on the sets of Agneepath and was rushed to the Breach Candy Hospital. The back injury that initially seemed minor, turned out to be pretty serious. The actor was advised bed rest. His films suffered; Agneepath got delayed by just a few days, Rakesh Roshan's Krrish 3 was postponed by almost a month.Shah Rukh Khan King Khan is also the King of injuries. The actor, who has broken several bones in his body (knee, arm, etc), too suffered a slip disc in his back. The condition intensified while shooting for an item number, Ishq Kameena in the 2002 film Shakti.He sustained further injuries while shooting for Farah Khan's Main Hoon Na in 2004. For this, he had to undergo a minor surgery.Sunny Deol In 1987, while performing an action sequence in his film Dacait, Sunny injured his back. The pain later became a chronic problem. In fact, it recurred while shooting for Yamla Pagla Deewana. Sunny was advised bed rest for a long time following that.Akshay Kumar The actor injured his back on the sets of Khiladiyon Ka Khiladi ( 1996 ) while lifting WWE wrestler Brian Lee also known as Undertaker. The film went on to become one of the biggest hits in the actor's career. But Akki surely had to pay for it.The actor still carries a special pillow to the sets of his films so that he can use it while sitting on the plastic chairs between shots. He needs to it to support his lower back.Inder Kumar In Khiladiyon Ka Khiladi, Inder was supposed to be picked up and thrown on the ground by the famous wrestler. The actor ended up hurting his back. He was bed ridden for a while and out of work for the next four years. He made a comeback with Ekta Kapoor's television series Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi as the male lead Mihir Virani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "kohima", "code": "12368827", "title": "Congress slams Nagaland budget", "text": "KOHIMA: The Congress has slammed Nagaland's deficit budget and alleged that misuse of funds and rampant corruption reigned supreme in the last four years under the Democratic Alliance of Nagaland (DAN) government.Former chief minister and Congress MLA KL Chishi alleged that the budget deficit would be more than Rs 900 crore.Taking part in the budget discussion on Tuesday, Chishi said the Nagaland government had taken loans from financial institutions and that there is no money in civil deposits. Besides, the government is not being able to pay RoP and pensioners.On March 15, chief minister Neiphiu Rio , who also holds the finance portfolio, presented a deficit budget of Rs 695.59 crores with \"no new taxes proposed for the current year\".On the assertion that the state was about to get 10 per cent hike in plan allocation amounting to Rs 2000 crores from the Planning Commission, Chishi said the budget presentation speech was a farce. He added that the budget speech was hypothetical and imaginary as the state government was yet to receive the plan allocation.Stating that the Centre directed the state government to improve resource mobilization, Chishi said the state did not pay attention to it and demanded that austerity measures needed to be strictly adhered to. He also informed that there are 16 flagship programmes of the Congress-led UPA government being implemented in the state and the Centrally Sponsored Schemes (CSS) funds directly go to the department concerned and not the state exchequer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12363078", "title": "Power cuts at night irk public", "text": "MADURAI: The 45-minute power cuts during night hours have greatly irked people in the city so much so that they have started agitating in various pockets. Peeved residents staged sudden road blockades and demonstrations on Monday night at Goripalayam and Nelpettai in the city.On Wednesday, around 50 CPM party cadre and people held the TANGEDCO chief engineer office at K Pudur under siege, condemning the night power cuts. Other than the scheduled power cut of four hours announced by the Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Corporation Ltd (TANGEDCO), power goes off during the night times for slabs of 45 min. The power cuts are carried out starting from 10 pm to 6 am, greatly disturbing sleeping habits of people and students, especially Plus 2 and SSLC students who are worst hit as they make the final-hour preparations for their examinations.CPM cadre who held the demonstration by 10 am, stopped TANGEDCO employees from reporting to work and started raising slogans. Sundareswaramurthy, superintending engineer, Metro, held talks with the agitators. He assured that their concerns would be taken up with higher officials and the department would try all measures to bring down the power cuts at night.B Vikraman, district secretary of CPM, said power cuts at night affected people from every walk of life. \"The power goes off for 45 mins after every alternate hour and altogether for two hours and 25 minutes, power supply is cut. People are not able to sleep and students are not able to study. The department should take some measures to relieve us from power cuts at night. Based on assurances from the officials, we have withdrawn our struggle on a temporary basis,\" Vikraman said.Muthulakshmi, a tailor from Pudur who participated in the siege, said life has become miserable after power cuts at night hours. \"Women are most affected as sleep is affected. We should wake up early in the morning to prepare our children for school as well as our household works. With sleeping hours lost due to power cuts, we are not able to wake up in time. This has affected our entire routine,\" she fumed. \"Women are no more safe going out during this power cuts at night and we keep hearing about chain snatchings at night,\" another woman in the demonstration said.Frustrated with these cuts, Ragav from Aathikulam stopped his LKG studying kid from going to school on Tuesday. \"Entire night, my daughter was struggling to sleep and what is the point in sending her to school while she is still drowsy in the day time. We are frustrated with the power cuts at night,\" he said.Sundareswaramurthy said they have assured the agitators that their plight will be taken up with higher officials. \"We have informed our higher officials about the power cuts in night and urged them for some immediate measures,\" he said. With the wide gap between demand and supply, officials are clueless about the increased demand at night.\"There was a time the supply was so abundant at night, that we asked many industries to go for night operations to utilise excess supply. We are finding it difficult to ascertain the exact amount of demand at night because power supply is not regular during the day due to huge gap between supply and demand. The night demand keeps fluctuating every day,\" a higher official with TANGEDCO said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12364752", "title": "6-year-old to be in custody of Child Welfare Committee", "text": "KOLKATA: The six-year-old boy who was rescued by police from his Chitpore home about 10 days back will be in the custody of the state Child Welfare Committee (CWC) till the next hearing on April 6.The boy was allegedly mentally and physically tortured by his mother Priyanka Mallick, 28, for long. Though his father Shyamal and grandfather Pradyot Haldar had asked for his custody of the boy during the hearing on Wednesday, CWC is yet to take a decision on that.\"The boy is still traumatized and needs rounds of counselling. The physical wound inflicted on him the mother is also yet to be healed. We have also learnt that his father did not protest or protect the son when his wife attacked the boy. Therefore, we do not want to hand over the boy to the father yet,\" said CWC chairperson Minati Adhikari.Priyanka and husband Shyamal are separated and a divorce suit is on. Though Priyanka's father Pradyot Haldar had kept the boy with him, Priyanka took the boy away two years ago. The call centre employee allegedly kept the boy locked up alone at home when she was out on work. The six-year-old would even go without food on several occasions.CWC was also not happy with the charges under which Priyanka was booked. police have booked Priyanka under because of which she got bail in the very next day of her arrest.The committee has asked the police to book her under sections including 307 (attempt to murder), 325 (voluntarily causing grievous hurt) of IPC and section 23 of Juvenile Justice Act (cruelty to juvenile or child).As the boy sat in the CWC office on Elliot Road on Wednesday, the missing patches of hair on his head, several injury marks in his body stand testimony to the cruelty the boy has gone through at this tender age. CWC will put the boy under regular counselling. The next hearing will come up on April 6.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12363314", "title": "Air India unions threaten strike on April 2 if dues remain", "text": "MUMBAI: Seven Air India unions, representing pilots, engineers, officers, ground staffers, check-in staff, etc, have threatened to strike work on April 2 if their salaries and pending allowances are not cleared by March 31. This is the first time since the airline's financial troubles began that seven unions have come together to protest the delay in salary payments. Between them, they represent a large majority of Air India work force. If the management fails to get the unions to withdraw their threat, passengers booked on April 2 Air India flights will be affected.Following a day-long meeting in Mumbai, the unions, grouped together under a joint forum, sent a \"no work, no pay\" notice to the airline management on Wednesday evening. The letter to the airline chairman added that the airline management should give the unions a commitment on timely payment of salaries.The representatives of the Indian Commercial Pilots Association (ICPA), the union representing pilots of the erstwhile Indian Airlines were present at the meeting, but they haven't signed on the strike notice sent to the management.The representatives of Air India Cabin Crew Association, the union which is currently on a protest, were apparently not present for the meeting and haven't signed the strike notice. But sources said that individual members of ICPA union have written to the airline, saying they will be off duty on the said day. A total of eight unions, including the ICPA representatives, deliberated on the issue of salary payments. \"One of the points noted in the minutes of the meeting is that no partial settlement of wages will be accepted by any of the unions,\" said a source.The unions have unanimously agreed to ensure that there is cent perent participation by their members to this strike call. The airline spokesperson was not available for comment.Earlier in the day, 320 cabin crew members stayed off duty, affecting operation of some international flights. Two flights to the Middle East (Riyadh and Jeddah) were cancelled, while a couple of other international flights (Newark and London ) were delayed. The protesting flight attendants are those operating AI's international flights to destinations in the US, Europe, Middle East and Asia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12363483", "title": "CM defends policies in his report card", "text": "MUMBAI: Criticized in certain quarters for his sluggish decision making skills, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan used his reply to a discussion on the governor's address in both houses of the state legislature to read out his performance report card.Accusing his detractors of having vested interests, Chavan claimed he prioritized clearance of files and projects that were in larger public interest. Chavan said he had taken up infrastructure projects to upgrade quality of life and transportation facilities in the MMR on priority. He reserved special mention for the Mumbai Transharbour Link Project between Sewri and Nhava, which has been in the pipeline since 2000, identifying it as a project that had the potential to decongest Mumbai.Chavan also listed the changes in DCR for Mumbai and amendments in the CRZ rules as important initiatives. The CM also announced the state was on course to be load-shedding free by December 2012.Chavan used the platform to compare industrial development under his rule to that in Gujarat. One-third of all foreign direct investment in the country comes to Maharashtra, while only 5% goes to Gujarat. He added that the state was way ahead of Gujarat in export volumes.When Chavan said that Rs 300 crore of the Rs 2,000 crore financial package announced towards relief to cotton, soyabean and paddy farmers had already been distributed, Opposition leaders rose in protest, claiming that only Rs 129 crore has been distributed so far. Shouting slogans against the government, Opposition benches in the assembly walked out even as speaker Dilip Walse Patil put the CM's reply to vote.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "karimnagar/warangal", "code": "12362988", "title": "19 die in road mishaps in state", "text": "KARIMNAGAR/WARANGAL: Nineteen persons were killed and 37 others injured in three road accidents in Karimnagar and Warangal districts on Wednesday.Eleven persons, including two children, were killed and four others injured when a lorry in which they were travelling overturned on the Kondagattu ghat in Malyala mandal.The mishap occurred when 32 devotees from Dharmaram village of Morthad mandal in Nizamabad district were returning after a visit to Kondagattu Hanuman temple. The seriously injured were shifted to the Osmania General Hospital in Hyderabad.The deceased were identified as Adepu Rohit, 6, Chiluveru Vignesh, 7, S Srinivas,17, P Gangadhar,15, A Rajeshwar,45, Sailu, 25, Chiluveru Tirupathi, 43, Adepu Ramesh, 28, Chinna Sayanna, 40, M Anil, 15, and Sampath.Civil supplies minister D Sridharbabu announced Rs 50,000 financial aid to each of the deceased families.In another accident in Karimnagar district, six women died and 30 others of a marriage party were injured when a van in which they were travelling collided head-on with another speeding van near Renikunta village in Thimmapur mandal.The victims were returning from Gattubhutkur village in Gangadhara to Secunderabad.The newly-wed couple Sai Krishna and Mounika and other injured persons were shifted to the district headquarters hospital.The victims were identified as Mutyala Vijya, 40, Shanigarampu Saramma, 60, Bakkalasumu Leelavathi, 25, Chinta Buchamma, 50, Nalla Kalamma, 38 and Kundarapu Sadanandam, 27.In the third incident, two persons died when two lorries collided at Upparpalli in Wardhannapet mandal of Warangal district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "12365261", "title": "Setback to Amravati industrialization", "text": "AMRAVATI: Industrial development of Amravati suffered a setback with the Eldeco Company entrusted with the responsibility of developing special economic zone (SEZ) in Nandgaon Peth surrendering land of MIDC three years after reaching an agreement with the state government.The then chief minister Ashok Chavan had inaugurated SEZ project on February 21, 2009 to give a boost to industrial development. The then guardian minister and finance minister Dr Sunil Deshmukh had made concerted efforts to develop SEZ in five years. It was decided to give work to Eldeco Company and 1008.36 hectare land was given to it. However, no development has taken place till date. Now the company has signed a document surrendering land to MIDC which would affect industrialization of the region.A Chaudhary, regional officer of MIDC, has confirmed that Eldeco had withdrawn from the project. He said that there was no mention of the reason with the regional office why the company took the decision as the issue was handled at the headquarters level. Possession and surrender of land was only done at the regional level, Chaudhary added.Chief advisor to Eldeco ST Dabhade however did not confirm the news. Instead, he said that \"We are mulling over the proposal and discussions are on at our level\". He said that the government had withdrawn some incentives promised earlier for Amravati SEZ due to which investors were finding no point in developing business ventures. \"We are accountable for developing SEZ but investors are reluctant and hence we plan to surrender land,\" he said. \"We have given a proposal to MIDC to develop SEZ and the Eldeco would help the effort,\" he added. However, sources said that a decision to surrender land had already been taken.When asked whether the decision amounted to violation of the agreement the company had signed with the government, Dabhade said that Eldeco had not entered into a treaty. \"There were some norms and it was not binding on us to follow,\" he said.MLA Rajendra Shekhawat said that Eldeco officials claimed that the entrepreneurs were not showing interest in Amravati and hence there was no point in just developing SEZ. He said that the argument of Eldeco officials was technically wrong and violative of the memorandum of understanding signed with the government. Shekhawat said that \"The official had told me that they had invested Rs 30 crore in Amravati. I will take up this matter with chief minister Prithviraj Chavan. At this time, the government was focusing on Mihan project in Nagpur. But we would look into Nandgaon Peth matter,\" he said.Dr Sunil Deshmukh said that Eldeco's decision would cause a major setback to the industrial growth of the district. He held the apathy of sitting Amravati MLA responsible for the situation. \"He (MLA) has been using high-profile contacts for personal gains and not for the development of the city. During election time, he had assured people to boost industry in the district but failed to fulfill his promises,\" said Dr Deshmukh. It was the responsibility of the government and people's representatives to pursue the matter by holding regular meetings with Eldeco officials to sort out the problem. But that did not happen, he said.President of MIDC Association Kiran Paturkar said that this was a major setback to Amravati. It would also affect employment opportunities SEZ would have generated. The possibility of creation of 1 lakh jobs now seems to have been affected, he said. The state government should now search for other developer and immediately start working on SEZ, Paturkar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12365969", "title": "Gurpreet Singh Chawlas hold a fun-filled do as Aman ...", "text": "LUDHIANA: Wednesday was a special day for Chawlas of Haibowal, as their son, Aman, turned two.Rattan Deep Singh, a computer teacher in Ramgarhia Girls' College, said all their relatives had come over to wish little Aman. We had organized a party. After a cake was cut, all danced on their favourite Punjabi numbers,'' he said. The grandparents of Aman, S S Chawla and Gurbachan Kaur, gifted him a gold chain. Jatinderpal, his paternal uncle, and his wife Sandeep Kaur had brought a cycle and a teddy bear for him,'' he added. Aman's mother, Jagjeet Kaur, said the entire family had gone to Gurdwara Dukh Nivaran Sahib in Field Ganj early in the morning. After paying obeisance there, they did some langar sewa' too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12364933", "title": "Don't take people for granted: Sushanta Ghosh", "text": "KOLKATA: When he rose to speak on the assembly floor, his 15-minute speech was drowned in catcalls and boos raining from the treasury benches.Ever since the debate on the Governor M K Narayanan's March 15 address, ex-CPM minister Sushanta Ghosh's presence in the assembly budget session had spurred Trinamool legislators to launch a blistering attack against him, often personal. Ghosh, however, chose to reply to all these on Wednesday claiming even before polls TMC had a single-point agenda to send him to jail.\"The government did everything to keep me inside the jail. They had opposed my bail plea in the Supreme Court, in Calcutta high court and even in the lower court. In Alipore central jail, I was kept in a condemned cell along with death-row convicts Aftab Ansari and Arsad. What is this fear for? Is it a fallout of the fact that I had scuttled Trinamool's plan in 2001 Assembly elections which soured the chief minister's dream to become the prime minister gradually? Why am I not being allowed to speak? If the opposition doesn't speak, who will?\" Ghosh asked.The CPM's Garbeta MLA, who has spent 180 days in custody after CID implicated him in the Garbeta skeleton case months within Trinamool came to power, said: \"Even before elections, Trinamool leaders had publicly announced that I will be arrested once they are in power. I was prepared for this political vendetta. Or why else would I be charged in a nine-year-old case, where three separate FIRs were lodged back then and the matter faced trial in the court? I had never been in the jail before, let alone be implicated in any case,\" he said.\"There will be a time in future when history will decide this. When I say political vendetta, it isn't just limited to my arrest and subsequent detention. CID had questioned me for 30 hours at a stretch. I felt uneasy after that but I told my interrogators that please give me sometime and I will be back to the normalcy.\" Doctors advised hospitalization but I didn't. Even when I was discharged from Alipore Central Jail hospital I was sent to a condemned cell and kept in solitary confinement. I was told these are for death row convicts. How will I know these? The jailers told me it was for my own security,\" he said.\"I completely forgot I am a non-vegetarian. On Eid, when offered non-vegetarian food, I joked with the jailer whether he had mistaken me for one who had renounced all non-vegetarian food,\" he said adding that padding that people are the best judge and it would be wrong to take them for granted.Leader of the Opposition Surjyakanta Mishra said, \"We have been repeatedly saying that basic rules in the Assembly are being flouted. Opposition members are not being allowed to speak. The Speaker is reprimanding our speakers but those from the ruling party are getting away with everything.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12361305", "title": "US visa norms ease for Indian tourists, students", "text": "NEW DELHI: Indians renewing visas to the US within four years will be exempted from a personal interview. Announcing this here on Wednesday, assistant secretary of state for consular affairs Janice Jacobs said the new rules would apply to visa categories B1, B2, C and D. Jacobs, who is here for the US-India consular dialogue, is likely to face New Delhi's concern about the growing rate of rejection of Indian work visas by the US.\"This new programme will permit consular officers to waive interviews for some qualified applicants who are renewing their visa within 48 months or four years, of expiration of their previous visa and within the same classification as the previous visa,\" Jacobs said. She clarified that these new rules would apply \"for tourists, business travelers, crew members and for students.\"\"Beginning today, our consulates in India are introducing a new programme to streamline the visa renewal process. Over time, this programme has the potential to benefit hundreds of thousands of visa applicants here in India,\" she said.However, this may not apply to everyone, who satisfy the norms. US consular officers, she said, would have the liberty to call any applicant to appear for an interview in view of security concerns. \"So, maintaining strict security standards in our visa process is a fundamental importance to all of our citizens. For that reason, our consular officers may request an applicant to appear in person for interview at any time for any reason during the visa application process,\" she said.According to the US Embassy, more than 670,000 non-immigrant visa applications were processed last year, an 11% increase from 2010. However, there is a difference between the US and India on the issuance of L-1 visas, which are temporary work visas for movement within the same company.Jacobs insisted that India remained on top of the list as recipient for employment and work visas. \"We have issued a record number of employment based visa to Indian nationals both in H1B and L category,\" she said.However, James Herman, Minister (Counsellor) for Consular Affairs to India, added, \"I think the positive message here is that if you look at employment visas at large, we have issued a record number of H visas which we believe that lot of L visa categories should have been given H visas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12362546", "title": "HC notice to chief secretary on deforestation in Jhalawar", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan high court on Wednesday took suo motu cognizance of a letter-petition sent by a few residents of Jhalawar alleging massive deforestation and illegal employment of saw machines in their area. The court issued a showcause notice to the chief secretary and directed additional advocate general S N Kumawat to look into the matter and file a report within four weeks.It was also informed by additional advocate general N A Naquvi that a similar matter has already been examined by the court and action is being taken. However, the court still directed both the government counsels to look into the matter and do the needful. Besides, the bench also heard a PIL relating to the protection and preservation of heritage gates of old wall city of Jaipur. There are seven such gates which are allegedly encroached by local shopkeepers running their business. The court constituted a monitoring committee to look into the matter and suggest remedial measures but the committee did not file its report. On Wednesday, the members of monitoring committee requested the court some time to visit the place and prepare the report pursuant to which a bench of Chief Justice Arun Mishra and Justice N K Jain has now directed the committee to file its report within a period of six weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "darjeeling", "code": "12365041", "title": "Gorkha Janmukti Morcha general secretary set to meet Mamata Banerjee on March 24", "text": "DARJEELING: The Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM) party on Wednesday accepted Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee's invitation for a meeting on March 24 in Kolkata to discuss the contagious issues putting in place a new administrative set up in the Hills. The chief minister had reportedly informed the GJM president about the meeting over phone. GJM chief Bimal Gurung, who is presently in Mirik to oversee the organisational set up of its party unit there, will leave for the city a day earlier on March 23.\"Our president was invited by the CM to sit for a meeting on March 24 in Kolkata and it has been accepted,\" said GJM general secretary Roshan Giri. Representatives of a four-member team, including Kalimpong MLA Harka Bahadur Chhetri, will also take part in the meeting. Giri, however, refused to divulge the issues that would be discussed with the chief minister. But political observers feel GJM will put pressure on the state government for inclusion of new areas to the GTA, which would otherwise put the party in a spot of bother.\"Going by the recent stand of the GJM party to start a fresh agitation, it is clear that the invitation for the talk could be to diffuse any such event as the state government does not want fresh trouble,\" felt the observer.In a recent public meeting in Mungpoo, the GJM chief had publicly criticized the chief minister and also questioned her intentions. The state government's decision to hold elections to the GTA was not accepted by the GJM president, who is adamant that Nepali dominated areas of Terai and Dooars should be included.In fact, GJM has put up a March 27 deadline to complete the process of including the new areas in the GTA, failing which he has warned of fresh agitation in the Hills and plains. A final decision will be taken in its central committee meeting.\"The onus is now on the state government to avert any kind of unrest on the Hills as the Central government has already done its job of getting the President's assent to the GTA Bill,\" pointed out the observer.Gurung has already declared that the party's four MLAs would be asked not to attend any legislative assembly sessions till the demand for inclusion of new areas were met. A series of rallies and publicmeetings along with padyatra's will also be organized from next month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "bhubaneshwar/cuttack", "code": "12366428", "title": "Matric put-off after paper 'theft'", "text": "BHUBANESHWAR/CUTTACK: In a jolt for the regular Class X examinees, the ongoing HSC examination across the state were abruptly stalled on Wednesday following alleged theft of some questions papers of all the remaining subjects from a school in Puri district.The board of secondary education (BSE) took the decision following a high-level meeting in the evening. The board will reschedule the examinations for the regular students only, dates of which would be announced within 20 days, the BSE officials said.Matriculation examinations started on March 19 and were scheduled to end on March 31. While examinations for Odia were already over on March 19, students appeared for the English test at different centres across Odisha on Wednesday.Authorities of Bhagabati Bidyapitha at Bajapur village in Kakatpur area were shocked to find some of the question papers missing from packets from the headmaster's room in the morning. Board officials informed that the miscreants decamped with question papers of English, Sanskrit, Hindi, mathematics, science, geography and history on Tuesday night.\"We decided to cancel the ensuing examinations, whose question papers were stolen. The English examination also stood cancelled. However, students will not write for Odia again,\" said board's president Satyakam Mishra. \"An FIR has been registered at Kakatapur police station,\" Mishra said.Taking serious note of it, the board suspended the school's headmaster Umakant Barik and three other employees for dereliction of duties. \"Police and scientific teams started investigation into the matter. But they are yet to get any clue. It is a very serious issue,\" Mishra said.For obvious reasons, the leakage of question papers came as a setback for the students, who put in hard work for the examinations. \"I am very upset after hearing the development. All my hard labour has gone down the drain,\" said Suman Patra, a student of Ravenshaw Collegiate School. \"I did well in Odia and English. I am worried about the future course of action of the BSE,\" said Akash Lenka , another student. \"Over five lakh students would suffer due to the negligence of the school authorities,\" said Manoj Pradhan, a parent said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12362969", "title": "Court to pronounce punishment in Chandrashekhar murder case today", "text": "PATNA: Special Judge of CBI court, Patna , Dhirendra Kumar Pandey, will pronounce on Thursday the quantum of punishment on the three convicts in the murder of CPI(ML) leader and former president of Jawahar Lal Nehru University Students' Union, Chandrashekhar.The CBI court on Tuesday convicted three residents of Siwan district, Dhruv Kumar Jaiswal, Sheikh Munna and Iliyas Warsi, for killing Chandrashekkhar when he was addressing a public meeting in Siwan on March 31, 1997.Vigilance case against flood scam accused: Special public prosecutor of state vigilance investigation bureau, Rajesh Kumar, on Wednesday filed a disproportionate asset (DA) case against the 2005 flood scam accused, Amitabh Arun, who was posted as a computer operator in Patna. His mother Ratna Ganguli and his wife Nupur Arun have been made co-accused in the case. Arun has been charged with amassing assets worth Rs 1.174 crore disproportionate to his known source of income. The Special Court, Vigilance, will hear the case on Thursday.Rupam Pathak case: The Special Judge, CBI court, Bashishtha Narayan Pandey, will pronounce judgement on March 31 in the case of murder of BJP MLA from Purnia, Raj Kishore Kesri. The court on Tuesday concluded the hearing in the case in which Rupam was accused of stabbing Kesri to death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12363005", "title": "Top naxalite leader dies of snake bite?", "text": "HYDERABAD: One of the top Maoist leaders of Andhra Pradesh, Gundeti Shankar alias Seshanna, who carried a reward of Rs 10 lakh on his head, reportedly died of snake bite in Dandakaranaya forests in Chhattisgarh. But there was no confirmation of his death from police or intelligence officials.Sources said he was acting as a co-ordinator between the central and state committees. He was also a key member of the alternative committee. Born to a farmer couple, Shankaranna hailed from Godavarikhani in Karimnagar district.He was a key member of the North Telangana special zonal committee and was responsible for activities in Adilabad and Singareni areas. He went underground in 1983.Seshanna along with Pulluri Prasada Rao alias Chandranna, secretary of NTSZC, was reportedly sighted in Mangi area in Adilabad in 2009.His wife Bharatakka alias Saroja is a committee member of the Adilabad division. She was arrested twice in the state before joining the rebel force again. Both wife and husband were serving the party in Chhattisgarh for the past few years, sources said.Rumours were rife that Seshanna was killed in the encounter along with central committee leader Cherukuri Raja Kumar alias Azad at Jogapur in Wankidi mandal in Adilabad in July of 2010. But later, police clarified that the second person was not Seshanna, and it was Hemachandra Pande, a journalist and Maoist sympathizer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "12368810", "title": "Deer carcasses found", "text": "JORHAT: Police on Wednesday found two deer carcasses at Lakhimpur ASTC bus stand and arrested one person in connection with the case. The deer were shot dead at Siring sapori and brought by three Arunachali youths to sell at Bandardewa area in the district. However, two other persons involved with the case managed to escape.Superintendent of police (Lakhimpur) Prasanta Kumar Bhuyan said, \"We arrested one person with two deer carcasses from Lakhimpur ASTC bus stand today. The arrested person is from Arunachal and he was taking the deer carcasses in a bus to sell them. He had two accomplices but they managed to flee the spot.\"He added that from the confessional statement of the arrested person it was learnt that the deer were shot dead at Siring sapori area along the Assam-Arunachal border by the miscreants and brought to Bandardewa in Lahimpur for selling. \"They have a contract with someone to sell the deer for Rs 6,000 in the district. But the real facts will come out only after further interrogation of the accused. Our investigation is on,\" said the police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "daringbadi (kandhamal)", "code": "12366392", "title": "Centre flies in UAV to track Maoist movement", "text": "DARINGBADI (KANDHAMAL): With negotiations yet to start between the Maoists and Odisha government even five days after the abduction of two Italians, security agencies pressed into service an unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) in Daringbadi and neighbouring to track the movement of the Red rebels and their two hostages, top sources confirmed to TOI on Wednesday.This was the maiden occasion that the UAV was used in Odisha for an anti-extremist operation, sources said. It followed intelligence inputs that secretary, Odisha State Organising Committee of the outlawed CPI (Moaist), Sabyasachi Panda, was moving in the dense forests spread over Daringbadi, Kotagad, Sorada and Adava areas. \"We know he is the region but are not sure if he is moving along with the Italians or not,\" an official source said.\"During the February, 2011, kidnapping of Malkangiri collector, no UAV was used. But this time the central government has sent an UAV on state government request,\" a source disclosed. \"The UAV has taken photographs of the area where the Maoists are suspected to be moving along with the two Italian hostages,\" the source added.Sources further confided that the National Security Guards (NSG) based in Kolkata has conducted a preliminary drill and could be used if the need arises.The government action was necessitated as there has been no significant headway even five days after Maoists took into custody Bosusco Paolo and Claudio Colangelo. \"The abductors have not been able to send across their three negotiators. It was only on Wednesday evening that the government became sure that B D Sharma and Dandapani Mohanty are willing to mediate. Others whose names were suggested the extremists backed out. Hence, we are preparing for all eventualities,\" said a source, explaining the reason for alerting NSG and using UAV.The government, in view of the mounting international pressure following the abduction, wants to stay prepared if the negotiations do not work. \"The first option is always talks; the process should start on Thursday afternoon after Sharma reaches Bhubaneswar. But we are always readying ourselves for other possibilities,\" a police source revealed. The fact that the CPI (Maoist) central committee is yet to comment on the abduction and the abductors finding it difficult to ensure participation of three interlocutors seems to have forced the government bosses to explore other possibilities as well, sources added.The Kandhamal police, meanwhile, started investigations into the kidnapping case with a deputy superintendent of police leading the probe. A case has been registered at Daringbadi police station against Sunil alias Sabysachi Panda, Manoj alias Modem Balakrishna (a central committee member of CPI (Maoist), and 22 to 25 other Maoists under different sections of IPC, Arms Act, Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act and Criminal Law (Amendment) Act, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12362936", "title": "HC stay on sand quarrying Our Legal Correspondent", "text": "HYDERABAD: A two judge bench of the high court, comprising chief justice Madan B Lokur and justice Naushad Ali, on Wednesday stayed quarrying and auction of sand reaches across the state effective from April 1.Chief justice Lokur was hearing a writ petition filed by Annam Sivaiah and another on how authorities had failed to prevent quarrying beyond the permitted one-metre level at the sand reach in Guntur district's Amravati.The chief justice made scathing remarks on the state of things saying that AP was \"full of scams\".The bench adjourned the case for a response by the government.But the chief justice had a caustic remark to make before that: \"We have the liquor mafia, the land mafia and now sand mafia. When will you start selling air?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12363018", "title": "Work on four-lane Koelwar bridge to start in Aug: Minister", "text": "PATNA: Construction work on a new four-lane road bridge at Koelwar would start in August, said road construction department minister Nand Kishore Yadav in the state assembly here on Wednesday.Yadav was replying to a short notice question by Raghvendra Pratap Singh of the RJD, who reminded the minister about his announcement made in this regard in March last year. The new road bridge would be parallel to the present rail-road bridge, the minister said.Singh said traffic snarl-up on the old bridge was a routine affair. \"The minister had promised to start work on the new bridge within a month but nothing happened even after one year of his announcement,\" he said.Yadav said the Patna-Ara-Buxar road has been selected under NHDP phase-3 for construction of a four-lane road. \"It has been decided to construct a four-lane bridge parallel to the present one at Koelwar. The National Highway Authority of India ( NHAI) had invited tender and entered into an agreement with a private company on February 2 last. The work will start in August and it will be completed in two-and-a-half years time,\" Yadav said.Replying to a question raise by Bhai Veerendra about the demand of salary, allowances and pension for the elected representatives of the panchayati raj institutions, minister for rural works Bhim Singh said no such proposal was under government consideration. \"Since they are not government employees, there is no provision and logic to pay them salaries and allowances,\" Singh said, and added that the office-bearers of panchayati raj institutions and gram kutchehries were being regularly paid daily allowance, travel allowance and special remuneration.The minister said the government provided Rs 22.12 crore for the payment of these allowances in 2010-11. The amount included Rs 10.93 crore to gram panchayats, Rs 9.3 crore to gram kutchehries, Rs 1.90 crore to panchayat samitis and Rs 26.34 lakh to district boards.Meanwhile, during zero hour, opposition members, a few of them carrying placards also, raised the issue of strike by unaided schools teachers, who have never been paid salary. Leader of opposition Abdul Bari Siddiqui said the government was 'goongi aur bahri' (deaf and dumb) as it was not taking notice of the teachers' demands.Siddiqui pointed out that both the ruling parties, the JD(U) and the BJP, had promised in their election manifestoes to take care of the unaided schools teachers' demand, but did nothing and the teachers were up in arms again.Water resources minister Vijay Kumar Choudhary blamed the previous governments for the woes of these teachers and said the NDA government, under a policy, was providing fund to such schools. \"We are sensitive to this issue and have sympathy with the teachers. As far as their salary and other demands are concerned, the government will have talks with them to find out a solution to this old problem,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12363347", "title": "School denies delay in providing extra sheets", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after TOI reported about a Mulund school where SSC students were left without extra supplements for more than 25 minutes in the middle of their geometry exam on Monday, school authorities denied the claims made by students.\"We had extra supplements but they were torn and dirty, so we asked for more supplements from the main centre. Students didn't have to wait for more than 10 minutes for extra supplements,\" said Ila Ruparel, principal of Gyan Sarita High School in Mulund.Students, however, claim otherwise. \"When the first student asked for an extra supplement in my class, the examiner asked him to wait for five minutes. The supplements were brought to our class almost 20 minutes later. During this time, seven other students had asked for supplements and all had to wait,\" said a student.Many students also claimed that even after receiving the answersheets late, the school authorities refused to give them extra time to finish their paper. \"For every student who asked for an extra supplement and got it late, we ensured they were given extra time. We also know the pressure students are under during exams,\" Ruparel said.She added the school authorities held a meeting with parents on Wednesday to assure them that they had nothing to worry about. \"Some parents told us that they were worried about the remaining three papers but we explained to them that there is nothing to worry about,\" added Ruparel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12367102", "title": "Raghavendra Swami challenges arrest warrant", "text": "KOCHI: The Kasi Mutt Peethadhipati Raghavendra Teertha Swami has moved a petition at the high court challenging the arrest warrant issued by a local court against him. The arrest warrant against the swami was issued by a magistrate court in Ernakulam, based on an application from a court at Kadappa in Andhra Pradesh.The Andhra Pradesh court sought help from the court here, after the swami decamped with idols and other accessories that reportedly belonged to the mutt. In the petition, the swami questioned the arrest warrant against him and stated that the local court here had only to ensure that the Kadappa court's order - to return the idols to the mutt - was being followed and an arrest warrant was unnecessary.Even though a court commissioner tried to recover the relics of Kashi Mutt Samsthan from the swami's Elamakkara residence by breaking open the door, the idols couldn't be recovered. According to the mutt, Sivananda Pai from Elamakkara was granted sanyasa deeksha in 1989 and renamed as Raghavendra Teertha. He was then entrusted with some rituals at the Kashi Mutt Samsthan in 1994.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12365233", "title": "Dadasaheb Phalke Award for Soumitra Chatterjee", "text": "Iconic Bengali actor Soumitra Chatterjee will receive the 2011 Dada Saheb Phalke Award on March 23 for lifetime contribution to cinema.The government had earlier announced four front-runners for the coveted honour. They were Pran, Manoj Kumar , Vyjayanthimala and Soumitra Chatterjee.Soumitra, who has worked alongside most stalwarts of the industry, including legendary actor Uttam Kumar, and some of the best directors of the country, had turned down the special jury award in 2001 protesting the National Film Awards committee's bias in awarding popular and mainstream cinema. The 77-year-old actor, with a career spanning over 50 years however received the National Award in 2008 for his film Podokkhep.His best work includes films with Academy Award winning director Satyajit Ray, who also gave him his first movie break. Apur Sansar, Devi, Teen Kanya, Abhijan, Ashani Sanket, Sonar Kella and Joy Baba Felunath are some of the films he shot with Ray.A living legend, Soumitra has received the Officier des Arts et Metiers, the highest award for arts given by the French government, and a lifetime achievement award from Italy. After turning down the Padma Shri in 1970s, the actor accepted the Padma Bhushan in 2004.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12362519", "title": "Muslim bodies seek increase in fund allocation", "text": "JAIPUR: Unhappy over the scarce allocation of funds for development of the minorities, Muslim bodies in the state have submitted different memoranda to seek the government's attention towards issues involving minority communities.Taking the lead, A Q Akhter, general secretary of Milli Council, has made suggestions to the government ahead of state budget to be tabled on March 26. \"Education is a key area which can ensure development of Muslims. I request that the government should increase the minorities' pre-matric scholarship from Rs 1.50 lakh to Rs 3 lakh. And post-matric scholarships from Rs 15,000 to Rs 50,000 in this fiscal,\" Akhter said.The Muslim bodies also urged the government for development and modernization of Madarsas. \"Computerization of many religious seminaries has taken place but it should be regularly updated. They also require teachers who can teach computers to kids in Muslim areas,\" Akhter said. The organizations also demanded that Rs 2 crore should be allocated to state Waqf board which is managing properties, including mosques, graveyards and other lands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12364837", "title": "Biology paper changed after leak fear", "text": "KOLKATA: The day-long drama over allegations of the higher secondary biology paper being leaked ended after the West Bengal Higher Secondary Council denied the incident on Wednesday. While the date of the exam will remain unchanged, candidates will have to appear for a different set of questions.Council president Muktinath Chattopadhyay said, \"There is no possibility of any leak of the biology question paper. The date of the exam will also remain the same that is March 24. The only change is that,Instead of students appearing for the first set of question papers, they will take the examination on the second set of question papers. This is an internal matter and students have no reason to understand orpanic over the nitty-gritty of the change. They will receive a question paper and take the examination.\"When a moderator of physics had complained to the council president that he was forced to change a few questions after being pressured by a council authority, Chattopadhyay had asked for the first set of question papers to be replaced by a second set. \"Similarly, one of the moderators in biology also complained that after the question paper was set and finally approved, they were changed by another set of moderators under the instructions from a council authority without the knowledge of others. When informed, the council president asked for the change in the set of question papers. There is no question of any leak,\" added a senior school education department official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12368754", "title": "Food park to provide direct link between farms &amp; market", "text": "GUWAHATI: A food park will be opened in Nalbari early next year to help local entrepreneurs and cultivators of fruit and vegetables reach out to a well-organized consumer market. The park is part of the 2009 Mega Food Park scheme of the ministry of food processing industries (MFPI) aims to become a direct link between farms and processing units and the consumer market.At a presentation on the project, the first of its kind in the region, was made on the first day of At the North East Food and Technology Summit on Wednesday, S C Sehgal, chairman and managing director of NE Mega Food Park, said: \"This is a land of opportunity with unmatched possibilities. We will play the role of a moderator and a facilitator and help local entrepreneurs to take a lead.Rajeev Singh, director general of Indian Chamber of Commerce (ICC), said: \"ICC seeks a high priority for the region. It has immense potential and will become an important and prosperous region in the country. Things are coming up and one day this will be region where India will draw its growth from. It is important for us to boost local entrepreneurs and give an impetus to local companies so that they can grow more fruits and vegetables.\"The park aims to catalyze the food processing sector, increase the processing level at 8-10% and ensure value-addition to fruits and vegetables. The park will be covering an area of 36,000 square meters and will include 18 small scale units, several collection centres, state-of-the art technology, well-equipped storage facilities, space for parking, and provision logistical support to farmers and producers. Construction of the park is almost complete and is expected to be in operational early next year.The conclave was organised by the Indian Chamber of Commerce (ICC) and was inaugurated by Robin Bordoloi, MLA from East Guwahati and chairman of GMDA, and was attended by local entrepreneurs. The summit was held to highlight opportunities for farming, to identify and discuss new and profitable agricultural, horticulture, and agri-processing projects in the region, to promote various schemes of the ministry and the state government, to carve out opportunities and also to showcase opportunities that will emanate from the Mega Food Park.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12365709", "title": "I'm not under financial pressure to do many films: Asin", "text": "Actress Asin Thottumkal says she is not keen on pursuing many films at a time as she is not under any \"financial pressure\", but is rather fastidious when it comes to finalising the offers that come her way.Asin, who made her Bollywood debut against Aamir Khan in 2008 blockbuster 'Ghajini', for the first time has two releases featuring her this year.\"It is just my pace of work, even down south I haven't been very prolific with my work and just take up lots of multiple projects. It is not a conscious decision that I will work on one film at a time. I look at offers if they offer me nice time working on it...I look for a good team of people to work with, nice script and role..If all this fits in then I take it (project) up,\" Asin told PTI in an interview.After her Bollywood debut, the gorgeous actress also starred in 'London Dreams' and 'Ready' opposite Ajay Devgn and Salman Khan , respectively.\"So I am not under any sort of financial pressure to take up so many films and make so much money,\" the 26-year-old said.Asin, who has done only three Hindi films since 2008, says she is not an insecure person and hence does not take up whatever comes her way.\"I am not insecure that if I don't do certain amount (of) work in a particular time period then I am going to be nowhere; as people do give you mental stress out of mind (sic),\" she said.The Kochin-born model-cum-actress, who started her career with a Malayalam movie, says she is rather choosy about the offers she get.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "new delhi/kolkata", "code": "12361515", "title": "Family's U-turn gives Norway case new twist", "text": "NEW DELHI/KOLKATA: The Norway child custody battle took a new turn on Wednesday with Anurup Bhattacharya, the father of Abhigyan, 3, and Aishwarya, 1, denying he was seeking a divorce from wife, Sagarika.Anurup's outpouring of his marital problems the day before had led to the hearing for the custody of the two children being put on hold. He had said that his wife was the source of the problem in the family that prompted Norway's Child Welfare Services to take away the children and put them in foster care.In Delhi, the foreign office postponed a trip of two senior officials to Norway to attend a court hearing for transfer of custody of the two children to their family back home. Foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai said, \"The situation is changing even as we speak. The full details are being ascertained by our embassy in Norway.\"Preneet Kaur , minister of state for external affairs, said, \" A new situation has developed...we cannot interfere.\"Sources said embassy officials in Oslo had been sent to speak to the father and his brother, Arunabhas Bhattacharya, who was to be the guardian and primary caregiver for the children, to get a better picture of what was happening within the family and what they intended to do.On Tuesday, both Anurup and Arunabhas had told the Norwegian authorities that they did not want to remove the children from foster care. The two came back on Wednesday with the opposite request.Anurup and Sagarika also sent a joint email in which they admitted having had differences but said they stood united for their kids. Arunabhas also rubbished media reports that he was no longer inclined to be their guardian.On Wednesday, Aruanbhas is believed to have met Norwegian officials to finalize an agreement that will allow him to secure the kids' guardianship. Anurup said both he and Sagarika were willing to sign the agreement to let his brother get the children's custody and take them to India.Sources said the Norwegian courts could take one of two decisions. They could accept the petition of the family, give the children to them, send them back to India. Or, they could uphold their earlier decision and say the parents were clearly unfit to be responsible for the two children and continue to keep them in foster care.Things could get complicated if the family returns to India and the parents get divorced. Then the whole custody battle could be played out again. Because Indian and Norwegian legal systems are not compatible, a legal verdict in Norway will not be valid in India or vice versa. Therefore, if the children return to India with the parents, there is nothing to say that the order would not be challenged in India and the mother would not seek an Indian order to access or gain custody of her children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12362919", "title": "Naidu says TDP bettered show", "text": "HYDERABAD: Telugu Desam Party president N Chandrababu Naidu said that his party had improved its performance in the six assembly bypolls. The party sees a revival in Telangana region where it gained more votes compared to 2010 bypolls when the party had lost deposits in all 10 assembly segments that fell vacant after TRS legislators submitted resignations en masse.Though the party had lost deposits in three places i.e. Nagarkurnool, Kamareddy and Mahabubnagar, it had increased its vote share in all six segments that went to polls last week. TD candidate Kadiam Srihari stood second in Station Ghanpur by getting 48,641 votes.In Adilabad and Kollapur, though the TD candidates came third after Congress, where they could muster 24,288 votes and 35,287 votes respectively. \"Though the results are not encouraging to our party, our performance in Telangana region has very much improved. In the last bypolls we could not enter into many constituencies in Telangana but now we could get some support. These elections were held in special circumstances and were thrust upon by TRS. We have to review the results from the field level and analyze the reasons for the defeat,\" said N Chandrababu Naidu after the announcement of results.TDP chief now wanted to concentrate on districts which have little influence of TRS. Ranga Reddy, Hyderabad, Medak, Nalgonda and Khammam districts have minimal or negligible impact of TRS from where large number of Assembly seats is present.By taking up good governance and corruption free administration as poll issues, the TD is now planning to strengthen its base in these districts. Interestingly all these districts TD have good leadership and strong cadre. By giving importance to BCs and SCs in these districts, the TD wanted to expose upper caste dominated TRS and Congress parties.Most importantly, the TDP could protect its cadre from the poaching of TRS which is bent on eliminating the TDP from Telangana region to consolidate its supremacy. TRS, Congress and BJP tried their best to woo TD cadres into their parties in the event of the bypolls.\"In all places, the TD candidates got very good numbers. This shows our cadre is intact and very much with the party,\" said Naidu. What is more encouraging to TDP is that Mahabubnagar, biggest district in Telangana and from where TRS chief K Chandrasekar Rao is representing to Lok Sabha is slowly moving out of TRS influence. Its candidate from Kollapur and former minister Jupalli Krishna Rao had to sweat out to win in the triangular fight. He came out with a majority of 15,024 votes which is lowest among TRS candidates. It had lost Mahabubnagar seat to BJP with a slender margin.\"The results clearly show that TDP is improving in Telangana region. With the support of backward classes and scheduled castes we will come back to number one position in coming months,\" TDP senior leader Motkupally Narsimhulu told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12362596", "title": "Boot camp to pep up Torrent group honchos", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Most companies send their employees to leading educational institutions for training. But, senior executives of Ahmedabad-based Torrent group will don the fatigues at the cantonment town of Ranikhet for a 10-day regimented training programme being conducted by senior Indian Army officers.Starting Thursday, employees at the level of vice-president, directors and above will undergo the rigorous yet adventurous army-style training exercise.\"The idea is to teach employees fundamentals of being a soldier, including physical and mental training, in order to help the corporate honchos handle difficult situations inspired by an army life,\" said an official in Torrent, which has interests in power and pharmaceutical businesses. He added that the mental exercises and strategies to weather tough conditions at work will help the employees think and act like a soldier during difficult times.\"The employees will undergo a schedule followed by army recruits. During training, employees will adopt an army lifestyle, including their food and sleep habits,\" the official added.Commander Awadhesh Kumar Mishra, a 2012 batch graduate of IIM Ahmedabad's Armed Forces Program, said, \"A training session with the armed forces greatly helps employees instil both confidence as well as bring in symmetry in performance. The exposure will tell employees how to work in trying circumstances with limited resources and a time crunch, yet enjoy work. The training method in defence services is built on the premise that chances of failure are minimised.\"HR consultants say the number of companies opting for adventure-driven training programmes is growing. Aloke Bajpai, founder-partner, The Explorers, a Mumbai-based company offering outdoor management development programmes, said, \"The basic instincts of an employee come out during such training where people are taken through mentally and physically challenging schedules. The activities validate the minds of an employee - whether he is a risk taker or follows the leader blindly - such attributes come out during adventurous training.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12366419", "title": "Maoists yet to finalize third interlocutor", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: With Maoists failing to arrange negotiators, talks with the state government for resolving the Italian tourist hostage crisis virtually made no progress on Wednesday.Chief minister Naveen Patnaik said the government was still waiting for the Maoists to name their third negotiator. He said retired IAS officer and social activist, B D Sharma, has agreed to negotiate on behalf of the CPI (Maoist). Sharma is likely to reach Bhubaneswar on Thursday, the chief minister said.The Maoists after kidnapping the two foreigners on March 14 from Daringbadi area in Kandhamal district apparently found themselves caught in a bind when two of their nominees - Bhubaneswar-based lawyer Biswapriya Kanungo and social activist Prafulla Samantra - refused to represent them for discussions on the 13 conditions they had demanded the government to accept for releasing Bosusco Paolo and Clavdio Colangelo.This being the ground reality, Maoist leader Sabyasachi Panda alias Sunil late on Tuesday night sent feelers to media houses that he was willing to release one Italian if the government conceded at least two of their demands. These were release of five persons, including his Sabyasachi's wife Subhashree Panda, and an official announcement to initiate action against policemen responsible for torturing people in custody. According to Panda, who is secretary of Odisha State Organizing Committee of the CPI (Maoist), the five were rearrested on false charges after being acquitted by the court. The Maoist leader, however, was silent on giving fresh names to negotiate with the government on their behalf.Sources said the government views Panda climbing down with his demands as a \"sign of desperation\" by the extremists to release the foreigners. \"It is already a week since the two Italians have been in their captivity. The extremists by now must have got sufficient hints that kidnapping the two foreigners would not fetch them any dividend, because the government is unlikely to concede to their demands as easily as they expected and that the public are hardly sympathetic to their style of functioning,\" said a senior official here.Speculation is rife here that the Maoists might release the foreigners in the next few days. Words are doing the rounds that one of the two Italians unable to adjust to the arduous jungle life has fallen ill. Senior police officials here, however, felt it as a face saving tactic by the extremists before releasing the two foreign hostages.The chief minister reiterated his appeal to the Maoists to release the two kidnapped persons and said the ambassador of Italy again spoke to him during the day expressing his concern about their 'safety and health'. He said a number of media persons from Italy have arrived in Bhubaneswar 'anxiously awaiting the release of two Italians'. On Tuesday he had said that the government is ready to begin talks 'immediately' once the Maoists decide their representatives. He however had declined to accept Narayan Sanyal, presently in Giridih jail, Jharkhand , on the ground that he had been serving life sentence.Meanwhile, Dandapani Mohanty, accepted by the government as a negotiator on behalf of the Maoists, has ruled out any talks without the involvement Sanyal or any other CPI (Maoist) leader present in Bhubaneswar. \"I have no direct touch with the Maoists. Nor Sabyasachi Panda spoke to me before suggesting my name to act as their negotiator. Unless someone directly associated with the CPI (Maoist) party is involved in the talks there would be no one to inform the Maoists in the jungle and know their stand,\" Mohanty said here. Beside Sanyal, he suggested the names of Kobad Gandhi and Amit Bagchi, both in Tihar and Vizag jails respectively, and asked the government to bring any one of them to the jail in Bhubaneswar. \"It is not impossible to do as Ganti Prasad was brought from Andhra Pradesh to Jharpada jail in Bhubaneswar during the February 2011 talks for release of the then Malkangiri collector R. Vineel Krishna. The government, if serious, can make it happen,\" Mohanty said. Asked whether the Maoists had the approval of these names, Mohanty said he had 'reliable information that they support the participation of any of these persons\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12362422", "title": "Sealing loses steam: Only two shops shut down in Sector 25", "text": "NOIDA: After almost a week, the Noida Authority resumed sealing of illegal commercial units operating from non-conforming areas. Officials on Wednesday morning sealed two garages in sector 25. The sealing drive, which happened only in one sector, lasted for barely 45 minutes and targeted only small garages making claims of Authority officials of \"not sparing any illegal activity\" seem like just eyewash. The drive will continue on Thursday.Enforcement officials carried out their operation in Jalvayu Vihar of sector 25 around noon. After checking the list of allottees conducting unauthorized activity, the officers first sealed the garage located at J-15. \"A barber's saloon was operating from this garage and we have sealed it. Despite several notices, the commercial activity was still being carried out,\" said administrative officer, Rajesh Prakash.Officials then moved to G-87, a doctor's clinic. This garage was let off from being sealed with an undertaking from the owner that he would close the clinic. Next on the list was another garage in G-block from where a dairy was being run, but that had already been sealed. While the officials allowed the garage at G-2 owned by Bajaj to close and dismantle the shop by Thursday, a general store at G-138 was sealed.Authority officials said that they would de-seal the garages when they received affidavits from the owners that no unauthorized activity would be conducted from their premises.Last week, the Authority had sealed two commercial establishments in sectors 19 and 20. It had also inspected banks in sectors 12, 19 and 20, which had already relocated to commercial areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12362784", "title": "MP gang 'hires' kids for thefts in city", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a startling discovery, police found that organised gangs from Madhya Pradesh, whose activities till recently were restricted to Mumbai, Pune and New Delhi, are luring children into stealing, especially targeting women at function halls in the city.Several days ago, a gang fled from Hyderabad after committing thefts at a few function halls in Bowenpally and Paradise. In February, the Cyberabad police had nabbed an eight-member gang, which includes six juveniles, and recovered 70 tolas of gold and 45 tolas of silver, worth Rs 20 lakhs from their possession. Investigation in these recent offences helped police unravel the murky world of organised gangs and 'contract' child offenders.Police claim a child is hired by these gangs for a few months by paying their parents upwards of Rs two lakh. Recently, a Hyderabad police team visited Kadai village in Madhya Pradesh and to their shock found that parents of these child offenders not only train their wards in snatching offences, but also teach them the art of fleeing with the booty.\"The organised gangs hire these trained children, who are aged between seven and 15 years, for a few months. Initially, they (children) hawk balloons or toys near function halls in up market areas. These children recce the premises and gather information about functions to be held there. Once they choose a day, these children, smartly attired, are sent to the function. After stealing chains or bags from the bride/groom or their relatives, the children quietly slip out of the location,\" Bowenpally (Detective) inspector K Sattaiah, who was part of the team which went to Kadai village, told TOI.Each gang has about 50 members, mostly children, and they camp on the outskirts. These gangs were very active in Mumbai, Delhi and Pune, but now they have spread their tentacles to Hyderabad. They employ juveniles as they can go scot free.\"When police arrest these juveniles for their role in crimes, they are sent to juvenile homes. As per rules, juvenile homes hand over the children to their parents if they come to claim them. After sometime, the children are back to committing offences by playing into the hands of the organised gangs,\" police said.The Hyderabad police team also found that most families in Kadai, who give their children 'on contract' to handlers of the organised gangs, are well-off and own palatial bungalows. When police go to nab either the children or their handlers, the villagers gang up and chase away the men in khaki.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "12368735", "title": "Meghalaya can break free of poverty: Chief minister", "text": "SHILLONG: Meghalaya chief minister Mukul Sangma on Wednesday said the state has the potential to be on a par with other developed states of the country and that it can actually surpass them.Replying to discussions on the budget, the CM, who also holds the finance portfolio, said his government was working in conformity with the rising expectations and aspirations of people of the state. He added that Meghalaya, with its enormous natural wealth, had the capability of freeing itself from the shackles of poverty. He, however, pointed out that this was a \"tall call and would not happen overnight\". He added that the government has already made its intentions clear in this regard.He said the government was looking into deficiencies in the area of governance. He added that the government restrained itself from taking shortcuts to \"make things visible\" and resort to \"political gimmicks\".Stating that the government did not believe in \"foundation-laying ceremonies\", he said there was even no time to officially inaugurate finished projects.Observing that the allegations made by the opposition were not in consonance with the government's policies, he laid emphasis on proper documentation of investment strategies and complete clarity on the modus operandi for implementation of development projects. He stressed institutionalization of the entire system of delivery.Asserting that all figures presented in the budget were correct, the chief minister, however, pointed out that the government does come out with errata in case errors are noticed. Sangma said a huge amount of money went into paying salaries because of which the government could not announce creation of more districts last year. He said the time was now appropriate for creation of four more districts, including North Garo Hills and Mawkyrwat, and that the government has made a \"strong case\" in this regard to be presented to the Finance Commission.Highlighting the need to plug resource leakages, he said a task force formed for the purpose has come up with recommendations to augment revenue generation in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12362288", "title": "Adarsh toll up: finance secretary, ex-MLC, second General held", "text": "MUMBAI: The country's principal investigation agency, the CBI, on Wednesday arrested three persons including a retired Major General and a serving IAS officer , in the Adarsh case. The number of those arrested in the illegal multi-crore housing society scam, first reported by TOI in 2010, is now seven. The case is set for a crucial hearing in the Bombay high court on Thursday.Those arrested on Wednesday were Major General (Retd) T K Kaul, former General Officer Commanding (GOC) of Maharashtra, Gujarat and Goa, Adarsh promoter Kanhaiyalal Gidwani and Dr Pradeep Vyas, the then city collector and currently finance secretary (expenditure) in the Maharashtra government.Vyas was arrested from his residence late in the evening. Vyas, during his tenure as city collector from August 2002 to May 2005, is accused of allegedly conniving with the other accused, accepting false documents as proof of income and granting membership to ineligible persons. Vyas's wife Seema, also an IAS officer, was allotted a flat in return for the favour, the CBI has alleged in its first information report.Kaul, who was in Nashik, turned up at the CBI office where he was later arrested. Gidwani, who was arrested ten days ago in a bribery case being investigated by the CBI, was arrested again on Wednesday in the Adarsh case after his release on bail from Arthur Road jail.The trio's arrest comes hours after the CBI arrested another GOC of MG&G; area, Major General (Retd) A R Kumar, from his residence in Yapral in Hyderabad. Kumar, along with the three others, will be produced before the special CBI court on Thursday.Earlier, judge M V Kulkarni of the special CBI court on Wednesday remanded former defence estates officer R C Thakur, Brig (Retd) M M Wanchu, both of whom are promoters of the society, and former deputy secretary of urban development P V Deshmukh in police custody till March 31.The trio's arrest on Tuesday had marked the first arrests in the case. Seeking their custody, special public prosecutor for the CBI Ejaz Khan told the court that the accused persons were not cooperating with the investigation and that their custody was essential to unearth the truth. He also said that the investigation was at a crucial stage and that the custodial interrogation of the accused was required to uncover the chain of conspiracy and reach a logical conclusion in the case.\"It is important to establish how the accused persons managed to get work done, the means they used to entice public servants and the role each played in the conspiracy. It is essential to find out the quid pro quo in getting various clearances from MMRDA, BMC, MoEF, army authorities, etc,'' Khan said. He also said that their custody was required to ascertain the flow of funds and to establish benami transactions made by the accused.While opposing the remand, Deshmukh's counsel Niteen Pradhan said the accused were the most vulnerable among all the accused mentioned in the FIR. \"The question today is whether there is justification for their arrest or for remand.\" During the hearing, Thakur was seen wiping his tears whenever he was called forward by the judge.The FIR filed by the CBI states that Kaul had lied to Parliament that the land had never been under the occupation of the Indian Army. Kaul had intimated this in a reply to a starred question in the Lok Sabha dated December 13, 2003. The FIR states that Kaul deliberately did not act on the request of the Defence Estate Office (DEO) for revocation of the purported no-objection certificate given to Adarsh as he was one of the members of the society.In their FIR, the CBI has alleged that Kumar, while holding the post of GOC, fraudulently and illegally issued a NOC to Adarsh, thereby allowing the society to construct a 31-storey tower on defence land. Kumar's son was allotted a flat in the plush 31-storey building in return for the favour, the agency alleged.Earlier in the day, Major General Deepak Saxena, chief of staff of MG&G; area who handles the Adarsh issue on behalf of the local military authorities, met senior CBI officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12366023", "title": "Rapist father sent to jail", "text": "NAGPUR: Kishore Agrawal (50) was sent to magisterial custody on Wednesday after being produced before the lower court. Agrawal was arrested by Nandanvan police on Tuesday for sexually exploiting his daughter for the last five years. The victim, now aged 19, is two months pregnant.Police said Agrawal's wife had abandoned him, after which he started abusing his daughter, who was only 14. The matter came to fore after the daughter approached a neighbour, who helped the girl contact the police.Father of three children, Agrawal was alone in court on Wednesday, with no family members turning up. Police had already completed the formalities after the arrest and did not seek any further custody from the court.A constable accompanying Agrawal said, \"One of Agrawal's sons had come to the police station but did not turn up at the court. It seems that the family has disowned the man for his sordid crime.\"Agrawal sported a blank expression, trying to avoid eye contact with the mob around him. He murmured at times that he was being maligned and framed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12363215", "title": "Shridhar Developers surrenders 6.2 crore during income tax survey", "text": "INDORE: Shridhar Developers, following an Income Tax survey on Wednesday, surrendered an undeclared income of Rs 6.2 crore. Earlier the I-T personnel raided the office premises of Shridhar Developers in the city located at located at Jeewandeep colony and Starlet Tower.During the survey the team found about undeclared income on which the company agreed to pay taxes.Simultaneously, the survey was also conducted by the department in case of M/s Krishna Irrigation, located at MTH Compound. During the survey, the department recovered several documents for further scrutiny. The team is examining and analyzing the documents recovered from the company premises. A team of eight officials and a dozen of inspectors were part of the surveys, which was led by SK Anand, commissioner, I-T( II) under the guidance of LL Chaubey, joint commissioner, I-T, Range-5, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12362776", "title": "Butterfly Park inaugurated, awaits winged guests", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The UT forest and wildlife department celebrated the World Forestry Day by inaugurating the Butterfly Park in Sector 26 on Wednesday. The park, however, hardly witnessed any butterflies, despite the department having planted host plants to attract them. The officials said the season is not of butterflies and the windy weather has kept them at bay. The park was inaugurated by UT adviser K K Sharma, who released the 'Greening Chandigarh Action Plan 2012-13' for the coming plantation season.It took the forest and wildlife departments nearly two years to develop the fruit nursery to a beautiful Butterfly Park. Sharma exhorted city residents and various NGOs and Eco Clubs to actively participate in the Greening Chandigarh Action Plan, besides the participating government departments like forest department, municipal corporation and engineering department.Santosh Kumar, conservator of forests-cum-chief wild life warden, UT, said the Butterfly Park is spread over an area of 7 acres and forest department has planted more than 50 species of host plants and nectar plants to develop it into a congenial habitat for butterflies. Out of 65 butterfly species reported to be found in Chandigarh, around 35 varieties would be seen in this park over a period of time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12366626", "title": "Businessman held for cheating firm of Rs 13.20 crore", "text": "CHENNAI: Central crime branch (CCB) sleuths arrested a 64-year-old Trichy based businessman for cheating Bangalore-based Future Metals Pvt. Ltd of Rs 13 .20 crore after promising to install windmills and failing to deliver. He had submitted fake property documents to strike the deal, police said .Police said GNV Mohan Raju of 'Poorva Power Projects Company' in Trichy entered into a MoU with the Bangalore firm to install windmills there. He claimed he was in the business of installing windmills and showed nine grounds of land in Kalakshetra Colony , Chennai to prove his credentials .The company later realized the documents submitted by Raju were fake and complained to police commissioner J K Tripathy. The complaint was forwarded to the CCB which registered a case and arrested Raju.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "bankura", "code": "12364955", "title": "Former CPM MLA beaten up in Bankura", "text": "BANKURA: A former CPM MLA was allegedly beaten up by a gang armed with rods in a Bankura village on Wednesday morning.The incident took place at Daserbati village under Indus police station. Nanda Dulal Majhi, who was the MLA of Indus between 2001 and 2006, had returned to his native village only on Tuesday, having fled home after the assembly poll results were declared.Majhi is a teacher at Gobindapur Primary School and had gone to school as usual on Wednesday. After school got over for the day, a group of people stormed in and dragged him outside, beat him up badly and fled. His colleagues took him to Indus Block Primary Health Centre, from where he was released after first-aid.Majhi had been abducted in July 2010, too, allegedly by Trinamool Congress supporters, but later released. After the assembly poll results were announced last year, Majhi fled home in fear. He also lodged an FIR at Indus police station later in the day.Amiya Patra, the district secretary of CPM, said Majhi is extremely popular in the area and is well known for his organizational skills. Trinamool workers are trying to trigger panic by attacking him before next year's panchayat polls. \"Pradip Ta was killed in Burdwan and now, another former MLA has been thrashed and left with a head injury. It seems that there is no law and order in the state now,\" Patra alleged.Trinamool working president of Bankura, Arup Chakraborty, denied the allegations and claimed Majhi's death was due to CPM infighting.Bankura SP Pronab Kumar said police have started a probe. So far, nobody has been arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "12368787", "title": "Ibobi plan to ease Imphal traffic", "text": "IMPHAL: Taking a serious note of the growing traffic congestion in the city, Manipur chief minister Okram Ibobi Singh , on Wednesday, chalked out several plans to address the problem. He also welcomed suggestions from intellectuals and NGOs.The move was in response to a call attention motion raised by Trinamool Congress's I Ibohalbi Singh and Kh Joykisan Singh on the issue.Restrictions on the entry of vehicles inside Paona Bazaar and Thangal Bazaar from 10 am to 4pm has been imposed on a trial basis to ease congestion and plans are afoot to develop small markets around the city with connecting roads, the CM said. He added that construction of a flyover from Keishampat to Imphal airport is also being considered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12363169", "title": "Drinking water situation in Madurai at a delicate stage", "text": "MADURAI: With the water level in the Vaigai dam depleting day by day as the mercury level goes up due to intense summer, drinking water situation in Madurai is at a very delicate stage, dependent upon the summer rains and the commencing of southwest monsoon. As per the budget report of the Madurai corporation, Vaigai dam is the major drinking water resource with 1,500 tmcft water taken for drinking purposes every year.The water from the dam is taken through two large pipelines to Pannaipatti pumping station from where the water is purified and distributed to Madurai city. The other drinking water sources for Madurai are the wells in Melakkal and Manalur situated in Vaigai riverbed from where 16 million litres per day in ordinary seasons and 2 million litres per day during summer time is supplied to Madurai.Through these water sources, 152 million litres per day is supplied to Madurai city during ordinary seasons while 80 million litres per day is managed during the summer. Out of the national goal of 135 litres per person a day, Madurai is able to achieve the average of 114 litres per person a day through these water sources. However, the challenge for Madurai corporation lies in supplying good drinking water to its expanded area of 147.99 sqkm from 51.82 sqkm during last year.During the budget meeting itself, the corporation council had discussed the challenge ahead of providing drinking water to the newly added areas as the expected drinking water demand used to go up in summer. Though the corporation has assured that the drinking water shortage is very unlikely due to handsome water storage in Vaigai dam, opposition parties are not convinced.M L Raj, DMK councillor and Opposition floor leader, has said the present storage will not last more than a month. \"Vaigai dam is fast depleting and summer is yet to begin technically. We have another three months to go but the water level will not last until then. Besides, the corporation has not taken any constructive measures to provide drinking water in a proper manner. In many wards such as Jaihindpuram, drinking water is contaminated with sewage water but no measures have been taken by the corporation,\" he charged. \"With the corporation expanding its limits, it is important to lay new pipes and replace the old pipes in the newly added areas but corporation has not come out with any such measures so far. It is time we develop alternative water sources for the corporation,\" he said.CPM coucillor Chellam also said the corporation should come out with alternatives for drinking water sources. \"Many bore-wells in the wards have gone dry including a few in my Villapuram ward. Corporation should identify the ground water sources and dig new bore-wells to supply drinking water to the public,\" she said. \"Developing the huge tanks adjacent to the city is also a viable option but nothing has been done, though our party has been raising the issue for almost a decade. Moreover, severe staff crunch in the corporation is a serious cause of worry. If a bore-well develops a technical snag, it will take a month's time for the corporation to rectify it because there are no workers,\" she pointed out.However, official sources at the Madurai corporation maintained that there will be no drinking water shortage this summer. \"The storage level is adequate for the next three months and drinking water shortage is very unlikely. There is no negative forecast of drought-like situation. With the southwest monsoon commencing in May, there is no worry on drinking water,\" said A Mathuram, city engineer (in-charge).\"From the corporation, we are also going to take up a feasibility study on identifying drinking water sources and the works will commence soon,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12363193", "title": "Water taps in city to run dry this summer too!", "text": "INDORE: Indoreans are unlikely to get freedom from their dependence on water tankers this summer as well, all thanks to the lethargic attitude of Indore Municipal Corporation officials. They failed to make arrangements to supply water to the residents through the taps during summer.Despite the onset of summer, the IMC is yet to complete the pipeline work of Narmada Phase III. The additional water supply of 90 MLD from Narmada Phase III has also been delayed by a month.Sensing situation ahead, the IMC has already floated tenders to press private tankers into service. Reportedly, mayor Krishnamurari Moghe was not in favour of issuing tender for tanker but he had to bow under the pressure of corporators. Meanwhile, corporators demand for maximum tankers for their respective wards have started soaring like the mercury.Water works in-charge Sapna Chouhan said that tender for water tankers has been issued, adding tankers will be used only if the situation demanded.However, the pipeline work in 100km is still in progress. Even if it gets completed by April, it will take around two months for line testing and by that time summer will be over.Right now, IMC has 35 overhead tanks and it is constructing 22 new overhead tanks. Construction of 21 overhead tanks is over and the work on remaining one is expected to get completed by April. However, it will take another month to get operational. Even the additional 90 MLD of water from Narmada Phase III, which was expected to start flowing from March is now expected to reach the city by April 18.Opposition leader Abhay Verma said mayor's claims to supply tap water to every house this summer have fallen flat. Works are still pending and summer has already arrived. People cannot expect to get relief from water tankers this time, he added.Narmada project officer, Dharmendra Verma said preparation for bringing additional 90 MLD from Narmda Phase III is almost over. Work of changing intake tubewell at Jalood pumping station is complete and valve changing and line testing work is in progress.Narmada Phase III pipeline is to be laid from LIG Square to Dewas Naka for water supply in Scheme no 54, 74, 78 and 114 and nearby areas. But encroachment coming on the way of BRTS along which line is being laid has delayed the work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12368125", "title": "DJ Savyo's B'wood debut", "text": "Kochi-based DJ Savyo has made it to the Bollywood circuit with Vishal Mahadkar's upcoming flick, Blood Money, starring Kunal Kemu and Amrita Puri.Savyo has produced the official remix for Jeet Ganguly's track, Jo Tere Sang. \" My friend Prasanna Sujit, who is the choreographer of the movie, spoke to Vishal about me, who in turn asked me to send him a demo. He was very impressed and immediately sent me a series of music files to remix,\" says Savyo, who is excited about the launch of the remix track, which is scheduled to be held in Kerala on March 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12362992", "title": "Surtis don\u2019t want to simmer this summer", "text": "SURAT: Dhaval Patel, a real estate broker and his family, don't want to spend the summer scorching in heat. Instead, they are preparing to pack their bags for Swiss Alps along with their two teenaged children this May.Swiss Alps, Eiffel Tower, London's Royal Opera House and Berlin's The Holocaust Memorial. Europe seems to the most preferred destination this summer for bag packing Surtis who are all set to unwind in the continent this summer.The economic downturn in Europe has made tour packages cheaper while getting a visa too is not as difficult as it is for the US. The climate at this time of the year is also convenient for sightseeing.According to travel industry sources, nearly 10,000 families from Surat are expected to fly to Europe this summer.\"Many Surtis prefer European countries like Switzerland, France, UK, Italy because they have seen some of the locations in films. Moreover it is quite affordable now,\" said Hemal Bhatt of Thomas Cook which takes at least 4000 tourists from the city and South Gujarat to Europe every year.Retired industrialist Haresh Mehta, who is planning a Europe tour this summer said, \"I have lived in London for three years but I want to show it to my wife and sister. Moreover there will be an international flower show in Amsterdam, which is organized once every ten years.\"Vinit Panchal, in-charge of SOTC in the city, said, \"Europe packages come much cheaper than those for US these days. A conducted tour in Europe can cost up to Rs 1.20 lakh to Rs 1.6 lakh per person where as in US you have to pay Rs 2.00 lakh or more.\" According to Panchal, the rush for Europe was very high last year and this time too, it looks that the numbers will be much higher.\"The best time to tour Europe is from April to September when there is summer there. Our tourists are not used to extreme cold and so during summer vacation here more and more people are showing preference to western Europe,\" said Raju Chokshi of Ace Tours, which sends nearly 1,000 families to Europe in a year.Nimisha Trivedi of Cox &amp; Kings agrees. \"Climate is definitely a factor for those deciding on vacations to foreign countries.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12365227", "title": "No Anushka-Raina romance", "text": "The Anushka Sharma-Suresh Raina link-up is creating a buzz everywhere.According to the latest story doing the rounds, the two apparently met a few months back in London when Team India was playing there and have been keeping in touch since. So, is this another cricketeractress romance in the making?But Anushka, who is busy in Rajkot shooting for her flick that's being directed by Vishal Bharadwaj, is seeing red. Her spokesperson states that she is being falsely linked to Suresh Raina and there is absolutely no romance brewing.Since the actress' brother, Karnesh, is also a state-level player, her connection to cricket and cricketers always seemed to be strong. Her friendship with Dhoni and his wife has also had tongues wagging. However, her spokesperson clarifies, \"Anushka's only connection to cricket dates back to watching the World Cup final last year and her friendship with Sakshi Rawat, M S Dhoni's wife. While it is true that Anushka's brother did play the sport at a state level, Anushka herself is not inclined towards cricket at all and in fact, cannot even place the cricketer she is supposedly meant to be good friends with.\"This is not the first time that the dashing cricketer has been linked to a pretty lady. Earlier, he was allegedly seeing Poorna Patel, Union Minister Praful Patel's daughter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12363133", "title": "46 lawyers in fray for six standing counsels' posts", "text": "TRICHY: The Trichy corporation on Wednesday got down to select six standing counsels from among a record 56 applicants. The three-member selection committee consisting of mayor A Jaya, S Jerald Milton, a councillor and K R Selvaraj, who holds additional charge as commissioner of Trichy corporation deliberated. In fact, only 46 applicants appeared for the interview, while 10 of them failed to turn up.The applicant should not have exceeded the age limit of 55 years and their applications should have been duly forwarded by the bar council of Trichy. At the time of appearing for the interview, they should not be appearing in any case against the Trichy corporation.Meanwhile, there was no expert committee member in the selection panel. When corporation commissioner Selvaraj raised this question, he was told that the previous commissioner K Veeraraghava Rao had decreed that there was no need for an expert to be included in the committee.The list of the selected candidates would be tabled in the next council meeting for approval and then their appointments would be confirmed. The existing counsels appointed by the previous council would be required to complete the existing cases before they quit. The existing members are not qualified to apply once again.Since it is considered to be a plum post, there was a scramble for what would be similar to a political posting. The next council of the corporation might be convened in a fortnight's time when the selected candidates would be ratified.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12363045", "title": "MIM plans to take Dalits, BCs on board", "text": "HYDERABAD: With the Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen entering into its sixth decade in the state legislature, party president and Hyderabad MP Asaduddin Owaisi plans to broaden the party base by taking up issues specific to the dalit and backward classes and striking alliances with them. \"If the Muslims, dalits and backward classes come together, the political scenario in the state will change. Look at what happened in UP in the recent elections. That experiment is waiting to be replicated in AP,\" he told TOI on Wednesday.MIM was formed in 1958 and entered into electoral politics the following year. Asaduddin Owaisi's father late Sultan Salahuddin Owaisi became a councillor in the MCH in 1960 and MLA in February 1962.On the party's equations with TDP and Congress, Owaisi said. \"They seek our support. We mobilize our cadre and ensure that the candidate of our ally wins election. But when it comes to mobilizing voters in support of MIM candidates, the ally gives nothing. This one-way traffic has to end now,\" he said.Industrial or residential? Land owners in a fixTimes News NetworkHYDERABAD: The once industrial hub of Bahadurpura is fast turning into a residential zone due to rapid urbanisation, but without proper guidelines in place. Experts say that while the land use rules remain unclear as industries have already moved out from here, land owners at Bahadurpura are being forced to either halt construction or go ahead in contravention of the rules.Often, land earmarked for industrial purposes go the residential way following increase in population and appreciation in prices. \"Industrial zones in several parts of the city like Musheerabad and Kavadiguda have long ago become residential areas. Bahadurpura has already been designated as a residential zone. It is only natural for industrial land owners to convert the use of their lands,\" informed Vishal Doshi, a real estate expert.One such problem came to light when revenue department officials recently halted construction work at a site measuring four acres near Chandrayangutta. The land was earmarked for industrial purpose more than three decades ago.According to sources in land administration, the government had noted that the land was in excess of the ceiling limit of 1000 square metres in 1977. But the owners were exempted then from the provisions of the Urban Land Ceiling Act (ULC). Citing public interest, the government had allowed running oil and pulses industries on the four acre land.\"The land was exempted under Section 20 (1a) (provision for exempting land exceeding ceiling limit in view of public interest) of the ULC for industrial purpose. However, when construction of residential units started, an enquiry was conducted. It was found that the land was still marked as industrial. As far as we know the owners have not approached the government. Pending further instructions work has been halted,\" a source told TOI. He added that in the absence of guidelines to regularize such lands cases like this would keep popping up.A senior official in the land administration department said, \"After the ULC Act was repealed in 2008 guidelines for regularization of properties which were exempted under Section 20 were not framed. There are several such cases and the government is still in the process of policy framework.\"Experts said that the owners of industrial lands are in a state of confusion. Many of them are going ahead with the construction. \"Owners first develop the property and then with the assistance of local politicians they get the land regularized. There have also been instances in Kattedan where the government had granted exemptions under the Land Ceiling Act but revenue officials sought to take repossession of the land,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12362480", "title": "Newly-weds in suicide pact, husband survives", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A newly married couple tried to commit suicide at a house in Naroda on Wednesday. Dhara Lodha, 19, died after consuming a poisonous substance, while her husband Ritesh Shah, 27, is in a critical condition at the Civil Hospital. The case is now being probed by the Naroda police.Ritesh and Dhara were romantically involved since several years. \"They wanted to get married but both their families were opposed to their union. Ritesh worked as a share trader,\" said police officials.As a result of the opposition, the love birds got married on the sly in a city court on February 8. The couple did not disclose their marriage to their family members and continued to live with their respective families till date. \"Ritesh owns a flat in Takshasheela apartment in Naroda. Other residents of the apartment told us that the couple came to the flat on Tuesday night. It seems like both felt dejected that their marriage was not acceptable to their families and that their kin would not allow them to live together. Depressed, the couple consumed an insecticide,\" said Naroda police.On Wednesday morning, some residents found the flat's door open. Neighbours went inside to check and saw Ritesh having vomiting fits and the girl lying immobile. It was then that police was intimated about the incident. By the time the cops reached the spot, Dhara had already breathed her last.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "12362555", "title": "HC pulls up DGP for police's failure in serving summons", "text": "JODHPUR: The Rajasthan high court on Wednesday pulled up the director general of police for the force's failure in serving summons to a man for the past 11 years. An annoyed court said that such long delays happened in the past as well and directed him to depute a circle inspector each at Jodhpur and Jaipur benches of the court to ensure prompt service of summons, warrants or notices issued by the court. The officer would work as government counsel and report to the deputy registrar (judicial).On Wednesday, DGP Harish Meena was summoned by the court to give an explanation about failure of police to serve an appearance notice to an absconder, Ramdas. Additional advocate general Anand Purohit said that a criminal case was registered against him by Chittorgarh police which filed a chargesheet against him in a lower court. \"But he was acquitted by the lower court, upon which the state government filed a petition in the high court challenging the decision of the lower court in 1999, which issued summons to Ramdas,\" he said.However, the police failed to serve summons to him. The high court took the matter seriously and ordered the SP (Chittorgarh) to appear before the court on last hearing. But when the SP himself failed to satisfy the court, it ordered the DGP to appear and give an explanation about failure in serving the summons even after a long period of 11 years.When the DGP appeared in the court on Wednesday, Justice Sandeep Mehta pulled him up saying that it was a serious lacunae on the part of the state police that in many of the cases, they had failed to serve warrants, summons and notices, which was a matter of concern.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12365629", "title": "City lawyers lay siege to DIG office", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A group of lawyers on Wednesday lay siege to the DIG office here alleging misbehaviour by the policemen. The lawyers locked the main gate of the office forcing DIG D Prakash to remain confined to his room. They also raised slogans against police high-handedness.The lawyers alleged they had approached the DIG with their complaints on several occasions but the officer does not pay heed to them.DIG Prakash D told TOI that a group of lawyers came to his office on Wednesday to register a complaint alleging that Kydganj police had misbehaved with a lawyer who was sitting with his girlfriend in a park on Tuesday. The DIG added that he had assured lawyers to get the case investigated but the latter resorted to protest. DIG said he will write to the Bar Council of India in this regard.The protesting lawyers, however, said this was not the first incident of police misbehaving with locals. In Tuesday's incident too, the police did not listen to the couple sitting in the park and misbehaved with them, lawyers further alleged. They added that they would take up the matter with senior police officials.Meanwhile, talking to KB Tiwari, president of district bar association said that a delegation of lawyers of district court had gone to meet the DIG regarding Kydganj police highhandedness against the lawyer of the district court.He added that the apart form DIG , ADM (city) and SP (city) were also present and assured the lawyers that they would be investigating the case thoroughly and action would be against cops if found guilty.He also made it clear that lawyer along with his sister in law had first gone to a temple and later visited a nearby park where few cops arrived and manhandled with the lawyers and further snatched his watch and cash. He also claimed that cops claim of catching the lawyer and his relative in an objectionable state was baseless and strict action must be initiated against the erring cops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12365713", "title": "Artist Swati Jadhav is inspired by nature", "text": "Swati Jadhav's recent exhibition is based on nature and people in rural India. The artist talks about her work in a quick interview with Debarati S Sen.This is your 14th solo exhibition? How has your journey as an artist been? I always had an attraction towards drawing and paintings, which inspire me to take up a career as an artist. After post graduating in Fine Arts (M.A), I worked as an Art Teacher in Indian School, Bahrain and also worked there as a commercial artist in a private firm. After I came back to India, I started taking up art classes at home, for anybody who wanted to learn just as hobby or for grade examinations. In this way I kept in touch with art and paintings. Later I started doing my own paintings, and in the year 2003, I showcased my first solo exhibition. Being a lover of the nature, I traveled to Rajasthan, Konkan, Darjeeling, Mahabaleshwar, Matheran, Goa, Gujarat and you will find glimpses of this in my paintings, which I have depicted in my own way.What are you trying to convey to people through your art? I try to show glimpse of nature which will bring happiness and pleasure to look at.Why do you mostly use oils and acrylic as your medium? I like to paint with oils as a medium. Oils paintings are done on stretched canvases, on which we need to apply seven to eight layers of colours intermittently and that is why it takes longer to dry. Oil paintings have a longer life and do not fade with time. Acrylic colours dry quickly and can be used in a way similar to oils.What is your take about water colours? Water colours can bring out the mood of the moment of the nature and give a transparency to the paintings.What inspires you to paint? The beauty of nature and memories of travel to various destinations in India inspires me. Beauty and strength of women whether in city or in villages also inspire me.What is special about your work? How is your art different? Simplicity is the key word. I try to keep my paintings simple so that people can understand it easily. I feel my work is calming in nature.How long does it take to finish one painting? That varies and depends on the painting. It takes a little longer for oil paintings to dry than water or acrylic paintings. Smaller paintings take lesser time and larger canvases or detail working takes longer time approximately three months.Indian artists that inspire her work Raja Ravi Verma, K.B. Kulkarni, Madhav Satawlekar and Vasudeo KamathForeign artists that inspire her Vincent Van Gogh , John Constable and Paul CezanneThe exhibition will be on till March 26, from 11 am to 7 pm at the Nehru Centre Circular Art Gallery, Discovery of India Bldg, Dr Annie Besant Road, Worli, Mumbai", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12365396", "title": "Crime rate in N Goa up by 59% in last 5 yrs", "text": "PANAJI: The comptroller and auditor general of India (CAG) report has said that the crime rate in North Goa district during the period 2006 to 2011has increased by 59%.North Goa SP said that the crime rate is increased because of increase in migrate population, unemployment , etc.The CAG report which was tabled in the state assembly said that the law and order of the district is controlled by the district superintendent of the police who is assisted by five deputy superintendents. There are 12 police stations and 27 outposts in the district, with a total staff strength of 1,058 as on July 2011 against 1,064 in March 2006.\"The crime rate in the district has increased by 59% over the last five years. The number of cases pending investigation in 2010-11 registered a sharp jump of over 377% over the figures of 2009-10,\" the CAG report points out.The CAG said that the district superintendent of police in his reply said that the increase observed in criminal cases was due to hassle-free registration of crime, increase in migrant population, unemployment, etc.\"The steep increase in crimes, compounded with fewer convictions in 2010-11 required more effective policing, \" the North SP replied to CAG.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12368917", "title": "Woman commits suicide in Fatehgunj", "text": "VADODARA: A 47-year-old woman committed suicide under mysterious circumstances in Fatehgunj area of the city on Wednesday afternoon. Jayashri Debashish Chakraborty committed suicide by hanging herself in her bedroom at her residence in Park Avenue Society. The deceased seems to have taken the extreme step in anger after a minor argument with her husband. According to the police, Jayashri, mother of a 12-year-old boy, used to work in a company in Jabalpur.\"The family had decided to shift to Jabalpur and they were busy packing up for last three days. She and her husband argued over selling some of the furniture and articles in the house. Jayashri got angry and went to her bedroom and locked herself,\" said Fatehgunj police inspector N V Patel.Her mother was present when the arguments happened. When she didn't come out for long time, her family members broke into the room only to find her hanging from the ceiling. She didn't leave behind any suicide note. \"There was no major argument between the couple. Her husband was working but his career wasn't on right track which kept him tense,\" Patel said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12363153", "title": "City in need of summer showers", "text": "MADURAI: The drinking water situation for Madurai city depends upon the summer showers that were consistent for the last five years. As per statistics with the Department of Agronomy, Agriculture College and Research Institute, Madurai, the monsoon as well as the summer rains were very consistent from 2007 onwards and in fact, the contribution of summer rains had pulled up the average rainfall for the district. While the normal rainfall for Madurai district was 850 mm, the rainfall in 2007 was 999mm, 988mm in 2008, 860mm in 2009, 1,199mm in 2010 and 1,155mm in 2011. \"The rise in rainfall level is due to the increased rainfall in summer. We have seen the normal summer rainfall of 150 mm surge up to 300 mm during 2010 and 2011,\" K Vairavan, dean, AC and RI, said.The effects of climate change estimated by the Inter-governmental Panel for Climate Change has identified that rainfall levels will go up in the region, which has started happening, the department said. \"However, what we observe in these summer rains is that the showers are sharp high - an intensity rainfall which goes useless due to a run-off. It means too much rain in a very short time and most of the rains drain as a run-off because we have lost lot of water-bodies. It is important we revive our water-bodies to save these beneficial rains that go waste,\" Vairavan said. Observing the trend of summer rains, the corporation officials are positive that the expected summer rains will greatly ease the drinking water situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12367401", "title": "Dookudu-Babu Became Director-Babu!", "text": "Dookudu fame Producer Anil Sunkara is all set to big budgeted movie with a Hollywood crew.The power of Film Industry is to attract a person for different roles as producer, director and actor with its magnetic charms, though he opts to stick to one. Same thing has now happened to our Dookudu-Babu who is jumping into the captain's seat soon.Before joining as a producer of 'Dookudu', Anil Sunkara produced two more movies but hasn't got so many accolades to him. 'Aha Na Pellanta' and 'Bindaas' are his production ventures for which the news of his 'fingering' into direction surfaced. Now that, he got enough potential and grip over different trades of movie making, Anil is all set to don the role of 'action-cut' teller. With a big star cast that includes Allari Naresh, Kick Shyam and Raju Sundaram, Anil is directing a big budgeted movie with a Hollywood crew. The film, touted to be a bilingual in Telugu and Tamil, also features Sneha Ullal , Vimala Raman and Kamna Jetmalani as lead girls.After seeing him as a producer for some hit movies, one expects a striking product from Anil. But, 'direction' is the one that residues bitterness for many aspirants and we have to see how our 'Dookudu-Babu' succeeds here.Source: Gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12365105", "title": "Maoist leader Suchitra Mahato meets Mamata Banerjee", "text": "KOLKATA: Suchitra Mahato, the Maoist leader who \"surrendered\" on March 9, is appearing to be responding to the state government's peace appeal. Mahato, accompanied by her husband Prabir Ghorai, met chief minister Mamata Banerjee at the Writers' Buildings on Wednesday.While officials were tight-lipped about the reasons behind the visit, sources said there were two main issues at hand. One, Suchitra wanted to express her gratitude to the CM after she was released from the hospital where she was operated upon for sustaining bullet injuries. And the other issue is the laptop, believed to be Kishanji's, found from Kushboni forest in Jhargram on Tuesday.On Tuesday, the joint forces found a laptop and a printer, believed to be used by Kishanji just hours before his death, from a hideout in Jhargram's Kushboni forest. There were also six powerful IEDs and more than 150 kg of explosives, detonators and some ammunition.Sources hinted that police got a tip-off on the location of the hideout following the surrender of Suchitra Mahato, who had spent the last days with Kishanji before his encounter death on November 24, 2011, in Burisole forest near Kushboni.Suchitra was one of the key planners of the 2010 Silda EFR camp massacre and the last person with Kishanji when he was gunned down. She was said to have escaped the encounter site where Kishanji was gunned down, and she had apparently sustained bullet injuries in her waist and leg.On Wednesday, Suchitra and Prabir were taken to the state secretariat by the police. They reached the CM's chamber through the chief minister's office which is outside the VIP protected area. This was done primarily to avoid the media. The duo went in at 3.05pm and left Writers' at 4.35 pm. They were at the CM's office for over 45 minutes.On March 9, when she had surrendered, the announcement was made by the CM at Writers', with Suchitra and Prabir both by her side. So it raised a lot of eyebrows when they called on the CM again.There were questions as to how a topmost Maoist leader who apparently surrendered before the administration would be able to call on the CM again as she was in police custody and the cases pending against her are being dealt with by the police. However, to this, officials said that she had been taken to the CM on March 9 in the first place, and so there was nothing unusual if she was taken to her by the police again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12363270", "title": "RPI spells out riders for Sena-BJP alliance", "text": "MUMBAI: In what is being seen as a move to step up pressure on allies Shiv Sena and the BJP, Republican Party of India (A) leader Ramdas Athawale on Wednesday put new riders for future co-existence.Athawale said in next two months, the Sena-BJP should share details of which seats RPI would contest in the next assembly and general elections. With both elections two years away, the move was seen as a pressure building tactic by Athawale, who is sulking after being denied a berth in the Rajya Sabha. Athawale also met CM Prithviraj Chavan at the Vidhan Bhavan on Wednesday, setting off discussion in the political circles.While the official line was that the RPI leader met Chavan to discuss the Indu Mill episode, political observers saw it as a pressure tactic.On his meeting with the CM, Athawale said he had demanded that the Prabahdevi mill land for an Ambedkar memorial be released before April 14.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12369110", "title": "Tattoo inspires Shakti Arora's life philosophy", "text": "Shakti Arora who was seen last in Sanskar Laxmi and is currently anchoring Gyaan Guru on Imagine TV believes in the philosophy of One Life which means one must live one's life fully as it is only one life we get to live.One should not miss any moment of life as life is here and now in present neither in past nor in future. He has got this inspirational philosophy from none other than producer of his show Siddharth Kumar Tewary who has got 'One Life' tattooed on his hand.The moment he noticed that he remembered those words and has become important philosphy fo his life and career and he is enjoying anchouring the ritual based quiz show.Well it is rare for an actor to take an inspiration from a producer in an era where actors are normally known for throwing their weight around.Shakti confirms, \"I saw 'One Life' tattoed on producer Siddarth Tewary's hand and those two words have stayed with me and has become the philosophy of my life.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12363099", "title": "Cancel all India-Lanka cricket ties, says PIL", "text": "MADURAI: A public interest litigation (PIL) was filed in the Madurai bench of the Madras high court seeking a direction to the Union government to cancel all international cricket matches slated to be played between India and Sri Lanka in future, until all disputes are settled in the ethnic crisis between Tamils and Sinhalese, and until total peace prevails in the Bay of Bengal.S Calvin Christopher, an advocate, filed the PIL seeking a direction to the Bnot to sign any contract for international matches where the Indian team is pitted to play against Sri Lanka.According to the petitioner, it is a well-known fact that Indian fishermen are continuously attacked and killed by the Lankan navy in the Bay of Bengal due to the ethnic crisis. After the cricket world cup final in April 2011, the Sri Lankan navy personnel attacked the Indian fishermen with cricket bats as a retaliatory measure. Due to this, four Tamil-speaking men were killed.The petitioner also claimed, \"In the recently-concluded triangular series in Australia, the Sri Lankan team was defeated by the Indians. As a result of the victory, Indian fishing boats were destroyed and fishermen were attacked. The killing of Tamil fishermen has gone unabated.\"The petitioner also alleged that the state government granted Rs 3 crore to the victorious Indian team for winning the world cup. Further, an amount of Rs 1 crore was given to Tamil Nadu cricketer R Ashwin, who did not even play the finals, whereas, the families of Tamil fishermen have received approximately Rs 3 lakh or below for each death, which is deplorable.The life of a Tamil fishermen seems to be cheap, compared to the gallantries of a non-playing cricketer in the eyes of the Tamil Nadu government, he contended.The petitioner further submitted that all future cricket matches in which India and Sri Lanka are slated to play must be put on hold until an amicable settlement is arrived between both Tamils and Sinhalese.When the matter came up for hearing before the bench comprising Justice Chitra Venkatarman and Justice R Karuppiah, the petitioner's counsel, Peter Ramesh Kumar prayed the court to tag along with other PILs seeking various reliefs to prevent the attacks on fishermen. The matter was posted for further hearing on April 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12367019", "title": "Crane accident: DMRC tightens safety measures at Metro site", "text": "KOCHI: The Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) has tightened safety measures at the North ROB construction site, following a mishap on Tuesday night.In the first such incident at the proposed Kochi Metro project site, a crane fell from the North ROB onto a JCB parked beneath the bridge.DMRC contractor Cherian Varkey Construction Company (CVCC-RDS ) is involved in the process of placing girders on the bridge. The accident occurred when the crane's brake got damaged . Jaimon Joseph, the crane driver, was trying to bring the vehicle to a side when it started moving backward. However, he lost control and the crane fell down from the bridge onto the JCB. The driver suffered some minor injuries. DMRC clarified that there was no significant damage. Both DMRC and CVCC-RDS , said the accident would not affect construction work. DMRC has stated that a safety officer was on duty. \"We have to repair the vehicles,\" said CVCC director George Varkey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12366446", "title": "Demolitions spark seers' protest", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Seers of several mutts in Puri staged a demonstration in front of the Jagannath temple on Wednesday in protest against the hurried demolition two mutts - Chhauni and Bada Chhata - close to the shrine's boundary wall.Following a High Court direction, the Puri district administration had razed a portion of Chhauni mutt for posing threat to Jagannath temple's entrance (Lion's Gate) a few days ago. The HC on Monday had ordered demolition of a portion of Bada Chhata mutt as well for causing damage to the shrine structure. The court also asked the administration to clear encroachments around the boundary wall of the temple.While two unauthorized structures were pulled down near the temple on Tuesday, the administration was likely to demolish parts of Bada Chhata mutt on Thursday.\"The district administration did not give us time to challenge the order in upper court. The officials disconnected electricity and water supply at the mutt,\" said Swami Arupananda, president of Nikhila Utkal Matha Madiradhisa Seva Sangha.\"We have no time to relocate the deities. The government should not be so rude,\" the mutt's mahant, Baladev Das Maharaj, said. (EOM)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12368361", "title": "Jewellers end stir over fresh taxes", "text": "NASHIK: The jewellery shops across Nashik reopened on Wednesday after the Nashik Jewellers'Association called off their four-day strike on Tuesday evening.The jewellers were on strike to protest the imposition of fresh taxes by the Union finance minister in the budget that was presented on Friday. Around 450 jewellery shops across the city Nashik, which remained closed for the last four days from since Saturday, resumed their business on Wednesday.The strike was called off after the association called off their strike after the finance minister Pranab Mukherjee assured the delegation belonging to the All India Gems and Jewellery Federation that he would take a to take a positive decision regarding the issue. The jewellers were on strike to protest the imposition of fresh taxes by the Union finance minister in the budget on Friday.The strike bandh in Nashik was held as a mark of solidarity for jewellers from across the country, who had also announced a four-day strike protesting the finance ministry's tax imposition. from Saturday to protest the imposition of fresh taxes by the finance minister on Friday.\"All the jewellers across Nashik resumed their business trade jewellery shops on Wednesday. We following withdrewawal of our four-day long strike bandh following the assurance by the finance minister Pranab Mukherjee that a positive decision would be taken in relation to the issue of tax imposition,\" The delegation of jewellers had positive talks with the FM in Delhi on Tuesday. and he has assured us to take positive decisions regarding the imposition of fresh taxes introduced in the budget. Hence, we have called off our bandh, Rajendra Odhekar, President, Nashik Saraf Association, told TOI.When asked about the business losses the jewellers incurred due to the four-day bandh, Odhekar said that there had been a sizeable loss in business.\"There are more than 450 jewellery shops across Nashik and their business is worth crores. Business was affected over the last four days.\" But he declined to disclose losses using an exact figure. The Saraf Bazaar, a major jewellery market in the city, which had worn a deserted look for the period of the bandh, was bustling with customers again. crowded with customers.In the budget presented on Friday, the Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee, in the budget presented on Friday, had proposed a 2% per hike in import duty and an increase in excise duty on unbranded precious jewellery.Besides this he doubled the customs duty on standard gold from 2% per cent to 4%. per cent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12366113", "title": "There used to be no auditions back then: Amita Nangia", "text": "After spending almost two decades in the industry and having done shows like Taaraand Hum Paanch, actress Amita Nangia, currently seen in Rajan Shahi's latest show Jamuna Paaris content with her achievements.\"When Director's Kut called me and asked to come for an audition, I went for it but there was no response for a couple of days. Then I got a chance to meet Rajan Shahi and discuss the character. I liked Pammi the moment I heard about the character. It is grey-shaded but the daftness of her character is what attracted me to it.\"According to the actress, when she started her career the newcomers were underprepared and rarely got opportunities to showcase their talent unlike today. \"In our time producers were the main pillar of any show. When Raman Kumar saw me he immediately told me you are my Sheena of Taraand same was the case with with Radhika Mathur in Hum Panch. Ekta Kapoor saw me and offered me role.\"\" Amita also shares a good rapport with the youngsters of the show. \"They are fabulous to work with. After spending more than two decades in the industry, I am glad that I still get to work in projects like this one.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12366074", "title": "Feast on sweet delicacies on Gudi Padwa", "text": "An important part of the festivities is the traditional and delicious food! Mithila Mehta tucks into the Gudi Padwa feastIf there's one thing Indians can't do without, it's food! And festival times, which are occasion to celebrate, see a lavish of Indian food at its scrumptious best. The choicest ingredients go into making the meal-no cost is spared, and diets are happily forgotten. A delicious aroma wafts across the home as the kitchen becomes the centre of all festive activity! Gudi Padwa is no different. The festival is a celebration of various traditions, including ones related to food.Sweet touchThink Gudi Padwa, and the first delicacy that comes to mind is the good old puranpoli. Stuffed with a mixture of jaggery and chickpeas, this sweet dish is a meal by itself. A flavouring of saffron, cardamom, and nutmeg give it an added touch. For many families, puranpoli meal has come to symbolise the joy of Gudi Padwa. \"Making puranpoli for the Gudi Padwa celebrations is a long standing family ritual. Whether its rolling out the poli, stuffing it or finally eating it, everyone from my kids to my in-laws becomes part of the process,\" shares homemaker and mother of three, Jayshree Mane.Freshly made gulab jamuns give the day an added sweet touch. \"It's possible to easily buy gulab jamuns from outside, but on Gudi Padwa, we make them ourselves. No shortcuts are allowed on this day,\" laughs Smita Jadhav, who begins planning the special meal a week in advance. \"We are sure to cook in large quantities so we can feed everyone in the neighbourhood. This includes those who do not celebrate the festival, because food cuts across all boundaries!\" she adds.Festive funThe traditional meal of shrikhand and puri is also a Gudi Padwa must-have. \"Through the year, we avoid this meal because everyone is health conscious. But on Gudi Padwa, we make our concessions and stop counting calories. To celebrate the start of spring, we add fresh fruits like guava to the shrikhand. This is not really relevant today because most fruits are available through the year. But it's called a tradition for a reason,\" shares homemaker Ujwala Golatkar, who believes that the significance of Gudi Padwa is often forgotten.In keeping with the advent of spring, other fresh fruits like melons and jackfruits are eaten. Raw mango juice (mango panna) is another favourite. A delicate mixture of sweet and sour, it is supposed to have nutritional value.Bittersweet traditionsUnfortunately, all Gudi Padwa food isn't quite as delicious-but is equally symbolic. \"We prepare a paste of jaggery, salt, crushed neem leaves and mango juice, with a touch of pepper chilli. This is consumed first thing in the morning on Gudi Padwa, before any other food. The neem is believed to purify the body and protect it against diseases. Hence we start the new year on a healthy note,\" explains Golatkar. Jaggery is indicative of sweetness, neem of bitterness, mango juice of sourness, pepper for spice and salt of saltiness. This is symbolic of the primary emotions-happiness, sadness, surprise, disgust and anger-which must all be treated as similarly.Chutney prepared with neem flowers is another popular dish. Despite changes in social traditions, Gudi Padwa is one day when families go back to their roots-and relive the good old days on Gudi Padwa!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "bharat nagar", "code": "12366020", "title": "Aarti Malhotra's wide creative canvas", "text": "BHARAT NAGAR: Aarti Malhotra, 30, is a talented artist and lives in Bharat Nagar. She likes painting cartoon characters, especially Mickey Mouse. She is also fond of modern art and paints flowers.Aarti said, My husband Munish Malhotra is a businessman. Our son Reaz is six years old and daughter Zaira is two years old. I developed a passion for painting during my schooling at Atam Public School and Chaman Vatika School. My love for painting rose after I cleared Class XII. I graduated from Khalsa College for Women and did my two-year fashion designing diploma from Chandigarh. I have made around 50 paintings on various subjects, and also water and oil paintings. My favourite cartoon characters include Mickey Mouse, and Tom and Jerry.''Aarti said she won the first prize in a competition at Delhi.I am thankful to my teacher Sangeeta Lamba who was my mentor. R K Laxman is my favourite Indian artist.'' Aarti praised her husband for having always motivated her. Munish Malhotra said, She is so creative. I shall always support her in what she does.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12366484", "title": "Jassie Gift in Sandalwood once more", "text": "Mollywood's music director Jassie Gift spends more time working in Karnataka these days. Ever since his last hit Sandalwood venture - Sanju weds Geeta, the composer has been on a signing spree.Post his work on Indrajit Lankesh's Kannada film, Jassie has signed up for director Nagarshekar's film Mynaa. He also has another film called Khiladi Kitty, which stars Srinagara Kitty - the lead actor of Sanju weds Geeta.\"I have way too many offers in Sandalwood right now, but that does not mean I am not accepting anything from the Malayalam film industry. In fact, two of my songs were part of one of Mollywood's recently released film Nidra. They have been well accepted too,\" says Jassie.While the title track of Sanju weds Geeta was a Malayalam original, Jassie says he will not be able to recreate an earlier work for Sandalwood as far as Mynaa is concerned. \"It really depends on the filmmaker. If he wants any of the work that I have already done in Mollywood, I have the rights and I can recreate it for him. But that won't be possible with Mynaa as the filmmaker plans to release the film in all four southern languages - including Malayalam,\" explains Jassie.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12367587", "title": "Karnataka CM row: No leadership change for now, says Gowda", "text": "NEW DELHI, Amid mounting pressure from B S Yeddyurapa for his reinstatement, Karnataka chief minister Sadananda Gowda today met the BJP top brass, including Nitin Gadkari and L K Advani, and said he had been assured that there would be no leadership change.\"I am specifically telling that the central leaders told me that at present there is no change of leadership or any other position in the party,\" Gowda told reporters after meeting the BJP central leaders here.Asked if the party leadership had asked him to step down, he said, \"That question does not arise.\"Gowda, who was accompanied by BJP state chief K Eswarappa, had called on Advani, Rajnath Singh and Murli Manohar Joshi. He then had a meeting with party president Gadkari, leader of opposition in Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley and general secretary in-charge of Karnataka, Dharmendra Pradhan.On Yeddyurappa building pressure on the party for his reinstatement, the chief minister said, \"I don't know whether Yeddyurappa has come over here or he had discussions with the central leaders. That we are not aware because Yeddyurappa was not there when we discussed the matter with the central leadership.\"Yeddyurappa, who has stepped up his campaign for reinstatement ever since the Karnataka high court set aside the Lokayukta order against him, is here to meet BJP leaders.Yeddyurappa claimed he has no demands but his mission was obvious in that he would be meeting senior party leaders L K Advani, Nitin Gadkari and Arun Jaitley.Gowda also said that central leadership had told him that they were aware of the political developments in Karnataka.\"They have told me, they will resolve the problems and at present there is nothing more for discussions,\" he said.The Karnataka chief minister said that he had a detailed discussion with the party leadership with regard to byelection results in Udupi-Chikmagalur Lok Sabha constituency where the BJP was trounced by the Congress.\"We requested our central leaders to have a detailed discussion about the political activities that are going on in Karnataka,\" Gowda said.He said the central leadership assured him that the election results would be be looked into in a manner that the party's future prospects are kept in mind.The BJP top brass appears to have come around to the view that Yeddyurappa should be reinstated but it wants him to wait till the process of biennial Rajya Sabha polls are completed on March 30. However, with BJP losing the Udipi-Chikmagalur byelection by a huge margin of 45,724 votes and his decision to put up a rebel Rajya Sabha candidate seems to have speeded up Yeddyurappa's return.The BJP suffered a major loss of face when the party lost the seat held by Gowda himself before he was appointed as the chief minister in August last year replacing Yeddyurappa. BJP insiders said dissidence in the party and the image battered by corruption charges were the main reasons for the defeat of party candidate V Sunil Kumar from the Udipi- Chikmagalur seat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12366488", "title": "Noyyal pollution: Pollution Control Board denies fraud in giving out relief", "text": "CHENNAI: The Tamil Nadu Pollution Control Board (TNPCB) has denied any illegality in the distribution of 75 crore to farmers whose land were affected by industrial effluents let out by dyeing and bleaching units in Tirupur , Erode and Karur districts.A counter-affidavit was filed by the TNPCB before a division bench comprising Justice Elipe Dharma Rao and Justice M Venugopal, which has adjourned the matter by three weeks.The issue relates to the large-scale pollution of water bodies and agricultural land in the Noyyal river basin in Tirupur, Erode and Karur districts, caused by several dyeing and bleaching units. Several acres of land became barren and the water in Orathanad dam brimmed with toxic water.After prolonged litigation spanning nearly two decades, mostly spearheaded by the Noyyal River Ayacutdars Protection Association, and a series of orders by the Loss of Ecology (Prevention and Payments of Compensation) Authority and the Madras high court, the government in December 2011 granted permission for the TNPCB to transfer 75 crore to the 535 members of the association.The present petition filed M Ramasamy and 334 others said the entire amount was being given to influential farmers. While admitting their petition last month, the court had made it clear the disbursal of compensation from out of 75 crore would be subject to the outcome of the petition.In response to the petition , the TNPCB filed the counter-affidavit stating that these 335 farmers were not entitled for payment of compensation from the 75 crore, since the amount was earmarked for payment to the members of the Noyyal River Ayacutdars Protection Association. Noting that these 335 farmers had filed a separate petition for enhancement of compensation awarded by the Loss of Ecology (Prevention and Payments of Compensation) Authority, the board said there was no selective transfer of funds to a few individuals as alleged by them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12362554", "title": "\u2018Satellite townships can stem the rot\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: The stupendous growth of east Delhi over the last few decades has come with a set of problems. Colonies have mushroomed and constructions have gone up, which are mostly unplanned and of poor quality. This has been highlighted in the report of the Delhi government-appointed Commission of Inquiry on structural safety of buildings. The Commission has recommended strict implementation of building bylaws and decongestion of the area by developing satellite townships.The report says faulty construction , foundation failure and extraordinary load are widespread. \"Majority of the buildings in densely populated areas like Laxmi Nagar, Ramesh Park, Trilokpuri and Kalyanpuri have little or no space on the ground - a violation of the building bylaws. In many cases, the buildings initially made as one or two storeys, later on have been extended to three to four storeys without having any consideration about the load-bearing capacity of the preexisting foundation, which makes them vulnerable for disaster like the one in Lalita Park building collapse,\" says the inquiry report. It adds that many buildings have basements, but there are no seepage-resisting measures. This leads to further weakening of the structure.Justice (retired) Lokeshwar Prasad, the chairman of the inquiry commission, says that even in the approved areas like Mayur Vihar and Patparganj, plots vary in size and aspect ratio (length/width). Multi-storey apartments in Patparganj, says the report, contain additional construction on the ground floor and mid floor, which are extremely vulnerable to earthquake. \"Existence of soft storey (additional construction in open space like balcony, parking or rooftop) was noticed in some of the public buildings also, like fire stations, hospitals, community centres and schools,\" hesays.The commission has slammed the DDA and MCD for not maintaining records of the buildings. \"In such a situation, it is difficult to detect even the encroachments on public lands, what to say about the violation of statutory provisions in private properties,\" says Prasad. He adds that growth of unauthorized colonies should be checked in the initial stages itself by the enforcement agencies with a heavy hand.Delhi falls in seismic zone IV, and experts say that to ensure structural safety in the existing buildings, retro-fitting should be done.One of the reasons cited for the structural failure is the use of unskilled labour and casual attitude of supervisor-level functionaries. The report also blames high influx of migrants for large-scale construction and has suggested the development of satellite townships with the help of town planners around Delhi.The report suggests use of modern technology for land management and to check violations in an efficient and transparent manner. It states that most of east Delhi lies in the Yamuna riverbed, and during monsoon, the rate of percolation of water into the ground increases causing rise in subsoil water level. Proper soil survey must be carried out in these areas before embarking on a building design. \"All new constructions, which are proposed to be built, or are in the process of being constructed in east Delhi, must be checked by a special cell of qualified structural engineers,\" it adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12365195", "title": "Rana Daggubati's third eye", "text": "Bipasha Basu and the actor share a common factor - poor eyesightActor Rana Daggubati's speculated relationship with Bipasha Basu has been much spoken about. While there's been no definitive affirmation about this from either of them, Rana lets us in on a little fact that keeps the two bonded.\"Bipasha and I have something in common, both of us have great power with respect to our eyesight,\" jokes Rana, who confesses that he isn't blessed with good eyesight. In fact, Bipasha, in a recent interview of hers, has mentioned about a certain 'fake eye' that Rana has.Talking about this, Rana says, \"I had to undergo a corneal transplant when I was very young. This is probably what Bipasha was referring to. The two of us always kid around when it comes to this particular thing.\" He further adds, \"I cannot see very well despite this transplant. In fact, it is a common sight on my film sets where people working with me joke about my eyesight.\"JUST GOOD FRIENDS! A leading Mumbai-based filmmaker, who is very close to Rana's grandfather, the prolific filmmaker D Ramanaidu, apparently teased the grand old man about rumours linking Rana to Bipasha.And he even asked him whether there were getting ready to welcome Bips to be part of their family! And we hear that Ramanaidu was not very amused. He apparently didn't seem to think that Rana and Bips are anything more than \"just good friends\". Hmmm...", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "12363088", "title": "Unlikely allies help NCP retain control of Thane zilla parishad", "text": "THANE: The NCP retained its control over the Thane zilla parishad (ZP) after the MNS, the CPM and the Vivek Pandit-led Vasai Janandolan Samiti backed the party's candidates for the posts of the president and the vice-president on Wednesday.Sarika Gaikwad and Irfan Bhure of the NCP trounced their Sena-BJP rivals Suman Kharat and Ravindra Patil by 11 votes to bag the posts of the president and the vice-president respectively.The NCP-Congress and the Sena-BJP had a close finish in the ZP polls held on February 7. The DF combine won 27 seats while the saffron allies bagged 26 in the 66-seat Thane ZP. The MNS won two seats, while the Samiti and the CPM had three and four seats respectively.Given the situation, the key to power in the ZP remained with the MNS, the Samiti and the CPM, all of which had publicly criticized the NCP leadership and the state government, where the NCP is a partner.\"The support of the MNS and the CPM was crucial for the NCP. Had the two parties decided to join ranks with the Sena-BJP, it would have upset the NCP's poll calculations. Pandit, a Sena-affiliated candidate from Vasai assembly segment, also decided to join the NCP camp at the last moment, taking the NCP tally to a comfortable 37,\" a political observer said.Former MLA and TADA accused Hitendra Thakur's Bahujan Vikas Aghadi, which had won three seats, was believed to tilt the scales in the favour of DF candidates but the outfit boycotted the polls.The NCP victory suggests that a new political arithmetic could be on the cards in the district, with the MNS turning out to be a key post-poll ally of the Shard Pawar-led party.Eyebrows are being raised over the new-found friendship between the MNS and the NCP as Raj Thackeray had publicly ridiculed top NCP leadership, including Pawar, Ajit Pawar and Chhagan Bhujbal.The MNS has pledged support of its seven corporators in the Thane Municipal Corporation to the NCP, despite voting for the Sena-BJP candidates in the mayoral polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12353690", "title": "Nana Patekar to participate in the Big Bore event", "text": "Nana Patekar will be in Gurgaon to participate in the Big Bore event at the National Shooting Championship from March 26.He'll be in town for two days. Nana had also participated in the National Shooting Championship in the Small Bore category in Pune in November 2011. According to sources, \"This will be an exciting tournament as he'll shoot from 300m as compared to 50m earlier.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12366905", "title": "Holy relic row gets murkier as opponents seek its ban", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The stand-off between the rival Sunni factions in the state has reached a flashpoint with the Samastha Kerala Sunni Students Federation (SKSSF), the student organization of the E K faction of the Sunnis, asking the government to ban the 'holy hair' in the possession of its rival group led by Kanthapuram A P Aboobacker Musaliyar.The SKSSF will also start a Kerala Mochana Yatra to counter the Kerala Yatra of Kanthapuram, which will begin from Kasaragod on April 12 and conclude at Thiruvananthapuram on April 28.The SKSSF yatra will begin from Mangalore on April 18 and end at Thiruvananthapuram on April 29.\"Centre had banned the Satanic Verses by Salman Rushdie because it insulted Prophet Mohammed. The fake hair in possession of Kanthapuram is also an insult to the Prophet as he is exploiting masses in the name of belief,\" said Nazar Faizi Koodathayi, vice-president of SKSSF. During the yathra, the SKSSF will try to expose the hollowness of Kanthapuram's claims, he said. After several rounds of debates, Kanthapuram has gone on the defensive. Kanthapuram had reportedly said he does not want to debate on the issue as he is sure that the hair in his possession is authentic. He is busy with giving final touches to his yatra, which will pass through all the 14 districts and Gudallur in Tamil Nadu.A two-day programme will be held in Kozhikode and Malappuram when the yatra reaches these two districts. 'Awakening humaneness' is the slogan of the yatra.Many of the allies left Kanthapuram after the controversy over the holy hair erupted. CPM state secretary, who was close to the Sunni leader, made an open statement against holy hair. T K Hamza, who had earlier claimed that he was for 'AP Sunni', also deserted the beleaguered leader. The IUML leadership, which has been keeping mum on the issue, came out with a remark against Kanthapuram. In the latest issue of Sathydhara, the official organ of the SKSSF, IUML state general secretary K P A Majeed said the Kanthapuram Sunnis are a 'corporate management'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12366581", "title": "Who stole my business? The power cut did", "text": "CHENNAI: It's not the airconditioner but the refrigerator that Suganya Chakravarthy misses during the powercut between noon and 2pm at her Mylapore home. For Chakravarthy , who supplies made-to-order homemade chocolates for weddings , birthday parties and festivals , the outage means a loss of productive work hours .\"The daily power cut is affecting my business. I am not able to make more than 100 chocolates a day as I need to refrigerate them at a specific temperature to make sure they set properly ,\" says Chakravarthy ,who can work only between noon and 4pm when her child is asleep. \"Earlier , I used to make four times the number .\"An increase in the duration of scheduled and unscheduled power cuts has affected the work schedules of people like Chakravarthy , who work from home . Since she can make chocolates only in small batches, Chakravarthy starts working on orders at least a week in advance.\"I used to make them fresh , just a day or two before delivery ,\" she says. \"With the power going off, thetemperaturein thefridge keeps fluctuating and the irregular refrigeration reduces the shelf life of the chocolates.\" While it's just a two-hour outage in Mylapore, M S Pandurngan, who crafts handmade pens at a small scale unit set up at his Tiruvallur home , has to deal with power cuts that stretch between six toeighthours. \"We don't have power from 9am to noon and then again from 3pm to6pm,\" saysP andurangan.\"These are the scheduled cuts. The power also goes off again from 6.30pm to 7.30pm and several times during the night,\" he says.Pandurangan employs two people , who help him shape and polish the pens using motorised devises . He has to pay them even though they are not able to do much work. \"These are trained people . If I lose them , it will be difficult for me to find skilled workers again ,\" says Pandurangan , who has begun working into the night to meet orders.\"I have no other option . A diesel generator that would be able to power all this machinery costs a lot and I can't afford it,\" he says.To make sure that her work is not affected , Geetha V, who takes online tuitions for students from her home in Tiruvannamalai , installed an inverter that would power her computer . But the long power cuts, that sometimes last 12 hours , mean that she is left without electricity after work.\"I need to be online from 6.30am to 11.30am, when there is no power for at least four hours ,\" says Geetha. \"I make sure I use the inverter sparingly during the rest of the day so that it doesn't run out of electricity when I need it for work ,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12362195", "title": "3 pedestrians die in accidents", "text": "PUNE: A senior citizen was among three pedestrians who lost their lives in separate accidents on Tuesday evening. The incidents took place at Rahatani, Pimpri and Bhosalenagar.In the first incident at Sant Tukaramnagar in Pimpri around 5 pm, 55-year-old Kanchan Vilas Lingade died when she was run over by a speeding PMPML bus. The Pimpri police said Lingade was a resident of Ajmera colony, Pimpri and worked at Yashwantrao Chavan memorial hospital. She was walking home after work. Police have arrested PMPML driver Devidas Andhale.The second incident was half-an-hour later at Rahatani. Raghunath Randive (70), died after he was knocked down by an unidentified autorickshaw. The Sangvi police said Randive lived at Shrinagar in Rahatani.In the third accident, Harendra Merian (35), was killed after he was hit by a private bus on Bhosalenagar road at 6.20 pm. Chatushrungi police said Merian, a resident of Bhavaninagar in Pimple Gurav, and his wife were walking towards Bhosalenagar. The Chatushrungi police are investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12365846", "title": "Chamber to bring to fore industrya s plight", "text": "LUDHIANA: Irked by the failure of the budget in giving relief to the ailing industry, industrialists have formed a chamber of industry and commercial entrepreneurs to highlight the needs of the industry. We have submitted the papers for registration of our industry office. Our chamber would be registered by tomorrow. We have 11 members in our committee and the chamber,said Kulwant Singh, owner of NKS industries and resident of south city.Vinod Bharti has joined as the general secretary and Rakesh Gupta has been made the finance secretary. The industrialists who are the members include Sham Lal Gupta, Bhushan Abhi, Surjeet Singh Nota, Atul Nayar, Suresh Goyal, Pawan Gandhi, Amarjeet Singh Sagar, K K Garg, president, All India furnace association.Our moto is industry bachao, Punjab bachao. The budget should be designed in such a way so as to revive and provide succour to the fading industry in the state,a?? Kulwant added. Sham Lal Gupta, a resident of club road and owner of SS engineering works, said the industry was reeling under crisis for a long time. Labour shortage is one big problem that has been worsened due to MNREGA. The workers are going back to their native places. Advantage is to be given it should be given to the genuine people and not to those who do not deserve it, he said. He said the next meeting would be held on April 19, in which all the issues would be discussed in details.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12365828", "title": "Artist Samir Mondal turns 60", "text": "Celebrated water colour artist Samir Mondal, observes his 60th birthday with an exhibition of his works especially created for the occasion. Debarati S Sen reports.Samir Mondal does not need an introduction - the water colour man has woven his magic again with his latest exhibition titled 6X10 that celebrates 60 years of his life. Each of the 60 paintings, sized 6 x 10 inches are water colours of flowers.Talking about the theme of his exhibition Samir says, \"The 60th year is very important for me because I believe that it is the average human age and that I have finished my quota of life. So, I wanted to celebrate it with my work.\"Despite the theme remaining the same, each painting is unique and shows his periodic development as an artist. They reflect his artistic journey from the very early periods of formal British school of painting to the middle period of experimental work and the last abstract post-modern style.The artist feels that the last few years the art world has been going through a lot of experimentation with artists experimenting with different media, sizes, textures and art has become complicated and narrative. \"I felt this had become kind of tiring and heavy for the audience. So in this exhibition I have tried to keep everything very simple - I have drawn just flowers,\" he says.Keeping the medium same, the size of paintings same, yet making sure each of the 60 works of art is unique and stylised differently, is what Samir has showcased in this exhibition and this shows his immense versatility and creative vision.All the paintings are of flowers but in some they are subdued and a part of the painting, in some they are standing still and pretty in flower pots without showing too much character, while in some the flowers stand out, assume a lot of character and become protagonists and then there are also some abstract paintings where the flowers are just a vague presence, just a shadow, or just a petal. And that is what adds to the beauty of this entire exhibition.Artists usually explore different kinds of media and to stick with just one - water colour for so long and yet be so successful is indeed considered a feat that few have accomplished. The artist, who is considered a master of water colour says, \"What angers me most is when people say oil paintings survive longer, will water colours last? Water colours have been here since the last 33,000 years while oils are just a few hundred years old. Look at the Indian frescos and miniatures - they were all water colours!\"He has used water colour with the same elan as the other artists use oil-based colours. There are works in this exhibition that seem to have more gloss and glamour than oil colours.Art for art's sake - it is a challenge for an artist of such calibre to go down to basics and express himself in a simple minimalist manner and he has taken it up very well.Samir Mondal's works can be viewed at the Jamaat Art Gallery , Colaba till April 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12363146", "title": "Engineering fast becoming a \u2018fair\u2019 choice", "text": "HYDERABAD: Engineering stream is fast catching up among girl students in the city who are known to opt for medical studies after their intermediate. So far, 72,408 girl students have applied for Eamcet-2012, engineering stream. The last date for applications is March 30. In 2011, a total of 98,718 girl students had applied for engineering stream as against 1.71 lakh boy students.The reason behind the sharp rise in the number of girls applying for engineering stream could be due to increasing opportunities in the engineering job market, officials observed. Also, the number of seats in government medical colleges is still stuck at a meager 4,500 since the past few years. Besides, this is the last year that engineering stream examination will be held at the state level, as the ministry of human resource development has announced a common engineering entrance examination at the national level starting 2013. Eamcet officials said that rise in numbers is not surprising as the number of female students applying for engineering has been consistently increasing since the past three years.\"Students feel that they have a better chance to get admissions if they opt for engineering over medicine. Also, the initial fear of math is not so prevalent among girl students,\" Eamcet officials said. Eamcet convener, M V Ramana Rao said many girl students have faired well in engineering stream of the examination during the past few years. \"Among the top 10 rank holders there are at least four to five girls every year. This could have acted as a catalyst for drawing in more applications this year,\" said Ramana Rao. There has also been an increase in the number of engineering colleges for girls in the city and surrounding areas which have close to 100 per cent admissions every year, officials said. Eamcet officials are expecting 4 lakh students to apply for engineering and medical stream examinations this year and over 50 per cent of them are expected to be girls. However, the rush for engineering has, however not brought down the number of girl applicants for medical stream. So far a total of 36,633 lakh girl students have applied for medical stream of Eamcet as against 21,111 boy students.Meanwhile, Eamcet officials said that students from AP who applied for All India Engineering Entrance Examination (AIEEE) will not have to miss their examinations even as the dates clash with Eamcet-2012. Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) has written to Eamcet committee on Tuesday stating that they will allow AP students to opt for other dates including May 7, 19 or 26 as they have to appear for Eamcet on May 12. CBSE has four slots for their examinations including April. A total of 2.36 lakh students have applied for both engineering and medicine examinations this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "rameswaram", "code": "12363125", "title": "Mechanised boats' fishermen on strike", "text": "RAMESWARAM: Agitated over the denial of fishing tokens to three mechanised boats, the entire mechanised boat fishermen kept off the sea on Wednesday.Country boat fishermen held siege of three mechanised boats and the crew on March 13, claiming that those boats were involved in fishing within three nautical miles near the seashore. The country boat fishermen, who felt that mechanised boat fishermen are encroaching on their fishing territory, attacked the boats and the crew. They also held siege of these boats and the crew and only after negotiations from the officials, released them.The fisheries department officials denied fishing tokens to these three boats for the last four days irking the other mechanised boat fishermen. Expressing solidarity with their fellow fishermen, all the mechanised boats from Rameswaram went on strike.\"When the issue between country boats and mechanised boats came up over a fishing area, late chief minister M G Ramachandran came out with a solution. While the country boats were allotted four days in a week, mechanised boats were allowed to fish for the remaining three days. The fishermen have been following this for decades. However, though March 13 was allocated for the mechanised boats, the country boat fishermen from Olaikuda region attacked the three boats of Sekaran, Susai Adaikalam and Justin Rameswaram of Rameswaram,\" B Jesuraja, district secretary of Tamil Nadu Mechanised Boats Fishermen said.\"The boat owners and the crew were held by the country boat fishermen and they were left only after the officials intervened. They should have been booked on assault charges, but we wanted to end the problem in a peaceful manner,\" and urged the officials not to book any cases on both the parties, to which they agreed. But they have not been issuing tokens for the three boats over the last four days,\"N J Bose, general secretary of Tamil Nadu Mechanised Boats Fishermen said that it was not fair from the officials' part to deny tokens to the boats. \"They should resolve the issue quickly by either imposing fine or other measures but denying the tokens will deprive the livelihood itself,\" Bose said.Meanwhile, the mechanised boat fishermen have resolved to represent their case to the district administration. \"The administration is aware of the issue and we are meeting the collector on Thursday. Based on the outcome of the meeting, we will decide the future course of action,\" Jesuraja added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12365887", "title": "Punjab College of Technical Education lifts Tarang trophy thrice in a row", "text": "LUDHIANA: Tarang-2012 is a cultural and literary extravaganza held at the coveted Indian Institute of Technology, Roorkee, and the students of Punjab College of Technical Education (PCTE) returned with the overall trophy from the fest. This is the third year in a row that PCTE won the overall trophy at Tarang. About 55 students from the college participated in different events at the fest, which witnessed participation of various college teams from across the country.The PCTE team won nine first prizes, four second prizes and a third prize in various events. The first and second positions in the debate competition were bagged by PCTE students Sarah (BBA-II) and Yatin (PGDM) respectively. The other first prizes came to PCTE students in nukkad natak, duet song and t-shirt painting. PCTE students bagged second prizes in solo instrumental, tattoo designing and fashion show. Megha Jaitley of BPharma-III won the Miss Tarang title at the festival while Lovely Khatri was declared the best actor and best solo performer.PCTE director general K N S Kang congratulated the winners and said such events help the students develop confidence to show case their talent and inculcate team spirit and leadership qualities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12363067", "title": "It\u2019s safe to have baby after breast cancer", "text": "LONDON: Most women can have a baby after being diagnosed with breast cancer, according to researchers who claim it's \"safe\" and increases lifespan.There were concerns earlier that pregnancy could boost levels of female sex hormone oestrogen in the body and cause breast cancer, the most common form of the disease to return.But, now a new study claims that it is safe for most women to get pregnant even within the first two years after diagnosis. Furthermore, the study revealed that patients who become pregnant appear to survive longer than those who don't, although independent experts claimed that further research is needed in this area, the 'Daily Mail' newspaper reported.In their study, the researchers, led by Dr Hatem Azim, a medical oncologist at Jules Bordet Institute in Brussels, and colleagues, enrolled 333 women, with an average age of 34, but ranging from 21 to 48 years old, whose oestrogen receptor status (positive or negative) and disease outcome were known.They had become pregnant at any time following diagnosis and were in remission at the time they conceived.The group was matched with 874 similar breast cancer patients who didn't become pregnant and who acted as controls. Over a period of almost five years following pregnancy, 30 per cent of all women in the study saw their disease come back.Dr Azim said: \"Out of all the women, 57% had ER+ disease, but the study showed there was no difference in the length of time women with either ER+ or ER negative (ER-) disease survived without their disease recurring compared with those who did not become pregnant\".Neither breastfeeding nor abortion or miscarriage appeared to have an effect on the women's outcome.Dr Azim added: \"Frequently when women with history of breast cancer become pregnant, some physicians advise them to have an abortion for fear that completing the pregnancy could have a detrimental effect on the outcome of their disease. We found that this was not true and the outcome was similar, irrespective of whether the pregnancy was completed or not.\"However, professor David Cameron at University of Edinburgh said: \"It is important to acknowledge that there are limitations in this kind of case control study, and so whilst an important piece of research, it cannot yet be taken as definitive proof.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "12365854", "title": "Tractor overturns, driver killed", "text": "GONDIA: Ramdas Parteti (30) of Murdoli village, Sadak Arjuni tehsil was killed on the spot after his tractor, which didn't have a number, met with an accident near Wasani village on Monday night.Ramdas Parteti was going to Wasani from Murdoli in his tractor. He lost control and the tractor tumbled upside down. Parteti got trapped and died on the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12365616", "title": "Apathy engulfs Nagpur Municipal Corporation fire department", "text": "NAGPUR: Even though Nagpur city has over 24 lakh people and high rises are coming up everywhere, NMC's fire and emergency services department is still crying for attention. Modernisation of the department does not appear to be one of NMC's priorities. It can be gauged from the fact that there are only nine fire stations to respond to any emergency.Although allocation is made in every budget, funds are not made available in reality. People are hoping new mayor Anil Sole's team will give due attention to the vital department that is also suffering from severe staff crunch. Though the department has a sanctioned staff strength of 411 personnel for nine stations, only around 280 are working. Not a single post of leading firemen has been filled against the sanctioned strength of 15. The staffing pattern in the department has not changed since its creation in 1970s.Making matters worse is the fact that several qualified firemen are often required to carry out unrelated tasks by corporators and other influential politicians. At least 15 to 20 personnel trained in firefighting, including two assistant fire officers, do administrative jobs. For many years city had eight fire stations at Civil Lines, Ganjipeth, Cotton Market, Kalamna, Narendra Nagar, Pachpaoli, Sakkardara, Lakadganj to which one at Sugat Nagar has been added recently. Against the sanctioned strength of 31 firefighting vehicles, the department has 29. Of these, at least 20 are at the end of their life.Ironically, the civic body collects around Rs 2.5 crore annually from Nagpurians as fire tax but still ignores the department when it comes to spending. Fire tenders on the verge of breakdown are kept in service.The city has over 900 high-rise buildings already and many more are coming up. At present, the fire brigade has the capability to tackle fires only up to the five storey building while buildings as high as 14 storeys have come up. Officials accept modern equipment is the need of the hour.Even though NMC had approved procurement of a 50-metre hydraulic platform that would enable rescue and fire fighting operations on high-rise buildings, it has not arrived yet. Another area Sole is expected to look into violation of fire safety norms in buildings. Many buildings have been constructed without following development control regulations and national building code but have been given compliance certificates by the fire department.Problems* Insufficient manpower* Misuse of firemen* Upgradation of department ignored* Corruption rampant. Many buildings flouting fire safety norms given NOCSolutions* Urgetly procure needed equipment for fire department* Fill up vacancies* Proper implementation of Maharashtra Fire Safety Act* Fire department should regularly check buildings* Violators should be punished severely at least in cases where fires actually broke outCitizen's speakDue to NMC fire department's incompetence, many buildings have ignored fire safety norms. Raunak Timothy, Mohan NagarIn the hands of NMC fire brigade, I think 25 lakh people of Nagpur city are not safe. Though no untoward incident had taken place, the department needs to be overhauled. Marmik Shende, MahalThough the services offered by fire department are quite satisfactory, mayor Anil Sole led civic body should try to modernise it. Only need is to sanction funds for the department and increase the manpower. Gaurav Medha, Byramji TownLooking at increasing number of high rise buildings, commercial complex, malls etc, civic body should upgrade its fire and emergency facilities to metro city standards. Even though city has not witnessed any major fire, it should always be ready for any disaster. Anish Goodae, MecosabaghNMC fire department wakes up only after an incident takes place. If there is a fire in any high rise building or mall they start issuing notices to that establishment. It should ensure that all buildings, whether private or government owned, follow all fire safety norms. Sourabh Alnewar, Mahal", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12368840", "title": "Police on alert for Akhil arrest", "text": "GUWAHATI: City police have issued an arrest warrant against Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti (KMSS) leader Akhil Gogoi and alerted all the district police regarding this. Dispur police had already registered case against the peasant leader charging him with physically assaulting a police official during a public demonstration on Monday here.On Monday during a protest rally organized by the KMSS and the Guwahati Unnayan Samitu Ekya Mancha demanding land rights, Akhil and security forces had a scuffle when police tried to detain Akhil and other protesters forcibly.According to the case registered against the KMSS leader, DSP Dulen Deka of the traffic police charged Akhil with creating nuisance and hitting Deka physically while he on duty. Deka slammed Akhil under Sec 143, 290 and 353 of the IPC.\"Akhil created nuisance during the rally and hit one of our officers who was on duty. It's against the law. He was permitted to protest democratically but when the agitators started to swell and blocked the road, we had to stop them. When our officer asked Akhil to surrender, he agitated physically and hit him. Now the law will act,\" said city SP Apurba Jibon Barua.Deka said, \"If Akhil is a public leader then he should set the example of a responsible citizen. What is he trying to say by creating such nuisance?\" asked Deka.Sources said that the city police have already visited Akhil's house in Chandmari area but he was not there. \"He is absconding, but we will find him,\" said the source.Meanwhile, KMSS is preparing to plead for anticipatory bail for their leader and denied that Akhil is absconding. \"Akhil Gogoi is ready to face the law and to go through any judicial process. He is not absconding. He was released by police on Monday and now busy with organizational work,\" said KMSS publicity secretary Kamal Medhi.Describing the incident, Medhi said, \"Akhil has been suffering from severe back pain due to a slip disc problem. The DSP shoved him inside the bus in which he was supposed to be taken away. When Akhil refused to leave the protest ground, the police officer forcibly pushed him inside the bus and in this scuffle Akhil's feet touched him. It was not intentional.\"Akhil has also slapped a counter case against the city SP and the DSP, charging the duo of trying to kill him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12366611", "title": "Watching Harry Potter makes kids creative", "text": "Parents who feel guilty about letting their young children watch too many fantasy movies can relax. Researchers from Lancaster University have discovered that youngsters who watch films like Harry Potter improve their imagination and creativity .The study examined if there was a link between magical thinking and creativity in preschool children - and it found that there was.The small-scale study involved 52 four to six-year-old children. The youngsters were split into two groups and shown two 15-minute clips from Harry Potter And The Philosopher's Stone. The findings show that after watching the clips, the group who watched the magical scenes in general scored \"significantly better\" in all areas than their peers in the other group who watches scenes without any magical content.\"Magical thinking enables children to create fantastic imaginary worlds, and in this way enhances children's capacity to view the world and act upon it from multiple perspectives. The results suggested that books and videos about magic might serve to expand children's imagination and help them to think more creatively.\"Magical thinking involves believing in supernatural events like talking animals. This involves the ability to construct an alternative world and tests show that most 4 to 6 year olds think magically in everyday life.mirrorfeedback@indiatimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "thiruvananthpauram", "code": "12368610", "title": "Why our rice bowls remain half-filled?", "text": "THIRUVANANTHPAURAM: Despite rolling out several high-spending initiatives aimed at conserving paddy land and improving the yield, the state has failed to reach anywhere near set targets.Though 2008-09 and 2009-10 saw a slight improvement in rice production, the state recorded a 13% decline in 2011. This happened despite the additional support and a Rs 36 crore special scheme launched for improving rice production.\"The outputs in terms of area as well as production of rice are discouraging even after enacting the Paddy Land and Wetland Conservation Act and enhancing the procurement price to Rs 15 per kg,\" says the Economic Review Report, 2011.In 2007-08, the area under paddy cultivation showed a slight increase, but it came down by 20,828 hectares in 2011. And as a result, rice production declined from 5.98 lakh MT in 2009-2010 to 5.22 lakh MT in 2010-11.According to the report, except for few plantation crops, mainly rubber, the yield and area under cultivation of all other crops are on a steady decline. Of the total agriculture land, the land used for cultivating rice, pulses and tapioca has declined from 11.74% to 8.13% in 2010-11.Agricultural income also recorded a negative growth of 0.78% in 2010-11. Similarly, the share of agriculture and allied sectors in the gross state domestic product ( GSDP) declined to 10.59% from 17.48% in the last five years.In the case of tapioca, the area under cultivation declined from 0.75 lakh hectares in 2009-10 to 0.72 lakh hectares in 2010-11.Meanwhile, Kerala accounts for 78.2% of the total area under rubber cultivation in the country. The crop occupied 5.34 lakh hectares in 2010-11, which is higher than the previous year. Rubber production during this period was 7.71 lakh tonnes, a 3.36% increase over the previous year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12366708", "title": "This duck doesn\u2019t quack but whistles", "text": "CHENNAI: It looked almost like a mutated duck. A black line streaked down the back of its neck, a rusty-whitish collar hung around its fore neck quite distinctly against pale brown complexion and a white upper tail quivered in the back. But the excitement of 40-year-old naturalist A Lakshmikanthan who spotted the bird at Pallikaranai was the hint that it wasn't your ordinary duck.\"It's a large whistling teal found in the north-east ,\" said Lakshmikanthan. \"And it's the first time we are spotting two large whistling teals at the Pallikaranai marshland, a rare sighting in the south.\"A team of ornithologists, forest officials and naturalists spotted the teals and red naped ibis on the Sholinganallur side of the marshland during a survey organised by the state forest department. Pallikaranai marshland is the city's only surviving wetland eco-system and one of the 94 wetlands indentified under the National Wetland Conservation and Management Programme.The two-month-long survey aims to identify wild species , especially birds, at sanctuaries and wetlands. \"We were thrilled when we spotted them at the marshland. Large whistling teals had in tow their chicks while the two rednaped ibis looked like a couple ,\" said Lakshmikanthan.So far, wildlife experts could only spot the commonly found lesser whistling teal at Pallikaranai, Vedanthangal and Pulicat.What tells the lesser whistling teal apart from the large teal is, of course, the size. \"Locating a large whistling teal with chicks is heartening because it shows that Pallikaranai is still a safe haven for rare species,\" Pallikaranai forest range officer S Ramdoss said.The birds chose to hang out at the marshland because it falls under their migratory route, has abundant aquatic vegetation and is safe from poachers. The teal is a nocturnal feeder and hides away in the day among vegetation in the wetlands. It loves to peck on floating algae and aquatic vegetation. The large teal has been classified as a vulnerable species under the Indian Wildlife (Protection) Act because of its declining nesting grounds.It didn't take much effort to identify the red-naped ibis, also known as Indian black ibis. The sabre-shaped bill and the red tuft of hair crowning the head gave away its identity . A native of the subcontinent , the ibis is mainly found in Haryana and Himachal Pradesh.So are these sightings a one-off case? \"A bird spends some time at a place only after it's sure of its safety and the availability of food. If the place is good enough, it will bring its folks,\" said G Kamaraj , biologist at the state forest department.The latest survey shows that the total number of migratory birds that flew in between October 2011 and March 2012 (the migratory season) is 42,000 (99 species) as against 38,000 birds during the same period in 2010-2011 .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12368920", "title": "Vadodara to get its first pet creche", "text": "VADODARA: How many times has it happened that you drew up plans of holidaying at a beach resort but had to cancel it as you couldn't find a decent kennel to keep your pet dog? Footloose Barodians can now make their vacation plans without worrying about their pet dogs. A first-of-its-kind dog hostel that spread on a sprawling land outside the city will take care of any breed of dogs when their owners are away holidaying. The city does have a couple of individuals who run dog hostels but they are on very small scale.The Haeth Kennel that is coming up on 25,000 square feet near Palaswada railway crossing on Dabhoi Road on the outskirts of the city will have 19 separate kennels for dogs. The dog hostel will be inaugurated on March 23 by Maharani Urvashi Devi of Devgadh Baria who too is a dog lover.\"Families that keep pet dogs are often unable to go on vacations together as one of the members has to stay back to care of the dog. I thought of starting a hostel that would give quality facilities to such dogs for a reasonable fee,\" said R M Joshi who owns the kennel.The hostel will look after dogs of all the breeds from anywhere in Gujarat. Of the 19 kennels, 10 will be air-conditioned and nine will be non-air-conditioned. \"Many owners keep the dogs of foreign breeds in air-conditioned rooms as they are not able to tolerate humid and hot atmosphere of Gujarat. These dogs have to be kept in AC rooms even if they stay for a brief while in hostels. So we thought of having AC rooms,\" Joshi, who has been a dog trainer for last three decades, told TOI. Also, a 9,000 square-feet garden has been prepared to facilitate exercise and regular walks for the dogs.The kennels have been prepared in unique way. \"Usually, pet dogs have habit of moving around in two bedroom house with a balcony and hall. Some of our kennels have been prepared with similar designs so that the dogs feel at home. Owners can keep their dogs at our hostel for up to six months. And, the dogs should be healthy,\" Joshi added. Apart from the hostel facilities our focus will also be on training the dogs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12362374", "title": "NCRPB meet on Noida Extension chaos today", "text": "NOIDA: UP's new industrial development commissioner, Anil Kumar Gupta, on Wednesday directed officials of Noida, Greater Noida and Yamuna Expressway authorities to \"accelerate\" the pace of development work in the district. Gupta was on a daylong visit to review the status of ongoing projects in the district.The state government is also keeping a track of development on the NCR Planning Board's end. MoS Abhishek Mishra will be present in the NCRPB meeting on Thursday to find a way out of the chaos in Noida Extension.Officials said projects discussed included the proposed Metro route extensions, Yamuna Expressway, proposed link roads and flyovers, the 130m Noida link road and housing projects in Noida Extension.\"While the new government is keen on ensuring better connectivity across the district, we are mulling over whether to continue working with DMRC or bring in a private player,\" Gupta said. \"The final decision will be taken soon,\" he added.Gupta also took stock of day-to-day civic issues. Officials have been asked to keep abreast of all matters affecting the public, to interact with RWAs, etc and ensure overall development. Gupta directed the authorities to pay special attention to issues like roads, sanitation and horticulture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12367783", "title": "CAG: Coal audit report still under preparation", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Comptroller and Auditor General has written to the Prime Minister's office that the news report quoting it as saying that the government lost Rs 10.76 lakh crore by not auctioning coal blocks did not even constitute its \"pre-final draft\".The PMO issued a press release quoting from a letter written by the CAG to the Prime Minister this afternoon. \"With reference to the lead story published in the Times of India today titled 'Government lost Rs 10.7 lakh cr by not auctioning coal blocks: CAG', the Prime Minister has received a letter from the Comptroller and Auditor General of India at 1:30 pm today.\"The PMO said that \"among other things\", the CAG's letter clarified that: \"In the extant case the details being brought out were observations which are under discussion at a very preliminary stage and do not even constitute our pre-final draft and hence are exceedingly misleading. ... Pursuant to clarification provided by the Ministry in exit conferences held on 9.02.2012 and 9.03.2012, we have changed our thinking .... In fact it is not even our case that the unintended benefit to the allocatee is an equivalent loss to the exchequer. The leak of the initial draft causes great embarrassment as the Audit Report is still under preparation. Such leakage causes very deep anguish.\"Govt lost Rs 10.7 lakh crore by not auctioning coal blocks: CAG", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12365668", "title": "Additional advocate general resigns", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Additional advocate general of Uttar Pradesh, SG Hasnain, tendered his resignation on Wednesday. Hasnain has resigned following the change of government in the state. He also sent a copy of his resignation to the chief minister, advocate general and principal secretary law.Hasnain is a designated senior advocate of the Allahabad High Court and had been the additional advocate general of Uttarakhand. He represented UP in many important cases involving constitutional matters in the Allahabad High Court as well as its Lucknow Bench.Bar Assn to honour lawyers: The District Bar Association, Allahahad, has decided to honour the lawyers of the district court who have completed 50 years of regular practice. President, District Bar Association, KB Tiwari, said the senior lawyers have been informed to submit their certificate of registration in the bar association so that they may be honoured on March 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12363332", "title": "Western Railway plans 36 more services from Tuesday", "text": "MUMBAI: Western Railway will introduce 36 suburban services, including two 15-car trains, from March 27. The additional services will be able to accommodate 1.5 lakh more commuters, officials said.Sharat Chandrayan, chief public relations officer, WR, said, \"The services have been introduced as part of budgetary commitments. With this, WR will have introduced 40 services during the fiscal year.\"The time table of the services has been designed keeping in mind the increase in commuters in the Borivli-Virar belt. Eighteen services will run between Borivli-Virar-Borivli, while six each will ply between Andheri-Virar-Andheri and Churchgate-Virar-Churchgate. Two services each will be between Bandra-Virar-Bandra and Dadar-Virar-Bandra. One service will run between Churchgate and Virar. The daily number of services on WR will now be 1,250.Chandrayan said, \"Fifteencar services will increase to 14 and 12-car services to 1,040.\"WR said there has been a 140% increase in 12-car services in five years, while the increase in suburban passengers has been 11%. The density of passengers per coach has reduced by 16% due to an increase in capacity by 32%.Mamata Banerjee had announced in the 2010-11 Union railway budget that 47 services would be introduced in the Mumbai suburban sector. Central Railway has fulfilled its quota by introducing 19 services. WR has been able to increase services due to the conversion of traction from 1,500 volts DC to 25,000 volts AC. \"The conversion will lead to improvement in the speed of trains, thus helping squeeze in more services,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12369116", "title": "Angry Birds Space is here!", "text": "Rovio's 'birds' have taken their battle against the egg-stealing pigs into space with Angry Birds Space. The Finnish videogame company's latest installment of the massively popular videogame launches today on iOS , Android , Mac and PC,The game, which is available for download has been launched in collaboration with the US space agency, NASA. A video posted recently on NASA site showed flight engineer Don Pettit explains the properties of physics in space by using Angry Birds characters as props. At one point, Pettit fires a red bird down a space station corridor using a makeshift slingshot.\"This collaboration began with a simple Twitter exchange about birds and pigs in space, and it has grown into a tremendous outreach and education opportunity,\" David Weaver, a NASA spokesman, said in a statement.\"Games are fun and entertaining, but they also can be inspirational and informative.\"He called the collaboration with Rovio and Angry Birds \"an exciting way to get people engaged with NASA's missions of exploration and discovery, and get students energized about future careers in science and technology.\"Peter Vesterbacka, Rovio's chief marketing officer, said the company wanted to create something \"unique\" for the game launch.\"NASA has been the perfect partner for our Angry Birds Space program, and we can't wait to work with them on creating more compelling educational experiences,\" Vesterbacka said.Rovio said Angry Birds Space features 60 initial levels, new characters and familiar gameplay but with a \"unique twist in a variable gravity environment.\"\"From the weightlessness of space to the gravity wells of nearby planets, fans can have fun with physics as they try out new gameplay possibilities,\" he said.\"The Angry Birds themselves have also transformed into superheroes, with new costumes and abilities.\"The space station video is available at nasa.gov and angrybirds.com/space.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "12368869", "title": "Truck runs over devotee", "text": "SILCHAR: Furious locals ransacked several vehicles and installed a road blocked after devotee was run over by a speeding truck in Hailakandi on Wednesday. Sources said the victim, identified as Sanju Das (32), was coming out of Adi Kalibari temple in Lakhisahar locality of Hailakandi town at 9am when he was hit by the truck carrying sand. Locals gathered at the spot and send the man to Hailakandi civil hospital, where he was declared dead. Sources said the victim is the driver of a vehicle owned by Assam PHE minister Gautom Roy.The truck driver managed to flee, leaving the vehicle at a little away from the spot of the accident. Angry tresidents ranssacted the truck concerned and a number of other vehicles plying on the road. They also blocked the the main road of the town for hours, causing traffic snarls. The locals said that most drivers did not obey traffic rules and police and administration were indifferent about the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12362982", "title": "Rs 11 cr donated to CM Relief Fund", "text": "PATNA: The Bihar State Beverage Corporation on Wednesday presented a cheque of Rs 10 crore to chief minister Nitish Kumar at his assembly chamber. Excise minister Bijendra Prasad Yadav told the CM that the Corporation was set up in 2006 and since then its annual turnover has increased to Rs 1,800 crore. Excise department principal secretary Amir Subhani and Corporation managing director Rajit Punhani were also present.Another cheque of Rs 1 crore was presented to the CM by the Bihar State Housing Board. Board chairman and urban development department principal secretary Shashi Shekhar Sharma handed over the cheque to the CM. Sharma told Nitish that the Board had been running in losses, but for the last one year its revenue collection has increased and in the current fiscal it earned about Rs 35 crore. In August last, too, the Board had presented a cheque of Rs 1 crore to the CM Relief Fund. He said the Board has paid all its dues and was now earning profit. Board managing director Anupam Kumar Suman was also present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12365296", "title": "Reminiscing the temporary scribe", "text": "PANAJI: Matanhy Saldana was known more as an activist, environmntalist and politician, but little is remembered now about his brief but eventful foray into the print media with a resolve to highlight issues close to Goans hearts.Saldanha was one of the brains behind the Goan Weeky, which ran for about two years and folded up after facing several trials and tribulations, mainly the lack of funds to sustain it, sources said. The periodical was started in October 1981, after Saldanha, Caetano Martins, Sergio Carvalho and Roque Furtado and 14 other trustees pooled their resources together. \"Goa and Goans were at the centre of his heart and he could not bear injustice to any of them, irrespective of caste and creed,\" says Roque Furtado, a close associate and one of the trustees.The periodical functioned from a house in a portion of the house Basil Soares at St Inez. \"It was run here for about six months,\" recalls Vinayak Naik, a journalist who worked for the paper. Naik says Saldanha was the most active trustee among them and a guiding light for others. \"The weekly was started on a shoe-string budget,\" he recalls. Though he held a diploma in journalism , Saldanha hardly wielded the pen, but motivated others around him.The tabloid, which was edited by Suresh Desai, was later shifted to Gomant Lok Pokx office at Cortim. \"I had come to Goa as my paper in Mumbai had a lock-out,\" says Naik. He stayed on for almost a year. \"Matanhy was a gem of a person and a close friend,\" he added. Claude Alvares recalls how Matanhy approached him for permission to publish his study on Goa police excesses.\"It was documentation of police atrocities over the past ten years we compiled in around 1980-81 and was published as a booklet,\" Alvares said. \"We would bring out a weekly edition off and on when the issues became too pressing,\" says Furtado. But the publication died of suffocation. \"There was no support from any quarter nor from the government, which thought we were against it,\" he added. We highlighted the government's wrong policies and issues detrimental to people, he explained. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12365111", "title": "Jewellers' strike enters sixth day, no end to impasse", "text": "KOLKATA: It has already been five days that the jewellers across the city are keeping their shutters down to protest the increase in excise duty and doubling of customs duty on the precious metals. The strike will continue till Friday and it is still uncertain how long this impasse will continue.The otherwise throbbing Bow Bazar, the jewellery hub of the city, wore a desolate look on Wednesday afternoon as all the stores were closed. \"This is an unprecedented occasion where almost all the jewellers across the country have kept their shutters down for so many days in unison against the Union Budget proposal. We have never seen such solidarity earlier,\" UK Chandra, one of the directors of PC Chandra told TOI.Describing the ongoing strike as unforeseen, he said they were compelled to call this strike as the high tax incidence would put their survival at stake. According to an estimation done by the jewellers, the Bengal government is losing Rs 70 lakh to Rs 1 crore every day as value-added ( VAT) collection from the jewellers due to the strike. \"Around 200 kg of gold is transacted every day in Bengal,\" Pankaj Parekh, eastern region chairman of Gems &amp; Jewellery Exports Promotional Council said.\"The Centre is losing around Rs 9 crore every day from this sector in the form of various taxes,\" Bablu De, working president of Swarna Shilpa Bachao Committee said.Finance minister Pranab Mukherjee , during his Budget speech, proposed to increase basic customs duty on standard gold bars, gold coins of purity exceeding 99.5% and platinum from 2% to 4% and on non-standard gold from 5% to 10%. He also said basic duty on gold ore, concentrate and dore bars for refining is being enhanced from 1% to 2%.On the excise side, duty on refined gold is being increased in the same proportion from 1.5% to 3%.The jewellers predict, after all these taxes are imposed gold prices, which is already very high now, will shoot up by another Rs 1,500-1,600 per 10 grams.Though the chairman of All India Gems &amp; Jewellery Trade Federation along with other members went to meet the finance minister on March 19, that did not yield much result.But the customers are facing major problems, especially those who have ordered for some jewellery. \"Customers' interests are affected by this. We are constantly getting calls from our customers, but we are helpless,\" said Rajeev Ghosh, manager, Raj Lakshmi Gold while standing in front of the closed door of the store in Bow Bazar.People in the business of bullion recollected that last time they had gone on a strike was in 2005 for three-days against sales tax hike by the government. But this time, it has surpassed all records.Baccharaj Bamalwa, chairman of All India Gems &amp; Jewellery Trade Federation said: \"I went to meet the finance minister and he paid heed to our plea. He also explained what prompted him to impose excise duty.\"He said the finance minister has imposed this excise duty keeping in mind the goods and services tax (GST) regime that the country would embark upon soon.\"We have requested the finance minister to abolish the excise duty and tax collected at source and roll back the customs duty to 2%. Else it might lead to more smuggling,\" Bamalwa added.But jewellers like Tanishq, which is not a part of the Swarno Shilpa Bachao Committee, is staying away from the strike net and it also enjoyed 10-15% more footfalls in the last five days as some of the buyers, who otherwise would have gone to other stores, have landed up in Tanishq as all other stores were closed, said a saleswoman at a Tanishq store.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12366903", "title": "Realty brokers take e-turn to build a web of business", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Gone are the days when real estate brokers arrived at property sites on rickety bicycles with a dairy in their hands. They are now busy browsing the internet to locate prospective buyers.Along with this makeover, they have also taken a new naming. They are not brokers anymore, they are property agents.Stepping into the e-world without any inhibition and just a few steps behind the builders has definitely helped them earn more.While a few of the young property agents are busy launching their own real-estate portals, a few belonging to the vanishing tribe of aged property agents have started collaborating with the e-dealers of property to find sellers and buyers.\"It is a recent trend and those who opts the e-route are earning more compared to the local agents,\" said K Kunjiraman, an aged property agent in the city.\"Since most buyers surf the internet to look for new property, traditional property agents like me are forced to join hand with the new generation dealers,\" said Ramachandran Nair, an agent from West Hill.The ease of using internet has inspired many sellers to depend on the real-estate sites to advertize their property. Probable buyers too have started to browse the internet to take a look at the property online and access details such as price and contact number of the owner.Besides, advertisements from property owners are also accepted by the online real estate agents.Kunjumon Joseph, a real estate dealer who has taken the e-route, said his site had helped him grow to a large-scale real estate dealer. Many of the buyers prefer e-dealings as website gives them an opportunity to choose from a wide range of options with a fixed range of budget even before visiting the property.Apart from charging Rs 500 to Rs 4,000 for advertisement on the websites, the e-agents in the real estate business also charge 1% of the purchase amount from the buyer and the seller as their commission.\"A share of the commission amount would be distributed to the local agent,\" said K Usman, who manages a property website.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12362956", "title": "Crores ploughed in, yet Mumbai roads in disrepair", "text": "The civic roads department has received the highest allocation in the BMC's 2012-13 budget, engendering hopes that the state of the city's roads might finally take a turn for the better. The hopes, though, may yet again prove illusory. A look at the last three civic budgets reveals that the roads department has always received between 14% and 19 % of the capital expenditure budgetary allocation , placing it among the top three beneficiary departments.This, however , has not helped the city's roads that remain severely potholed.Experts say there are several reasons for the poor condition of our roads, none of which have to do with money or have found mention in the budget. A case in point is the lack of a central planning cell, which was recommended by the Standing Technical Advisory Committee (STAC )-a body that advises the BMC on roads and bridges-in 2004.The 2012-13 budget talks of a six-year cement concrete road programme, which has been welcomed as a visionary plan by several corporators. But experts say that, without adequate technical capacity, this plan too would fail.\"Money has never been the problem. Institutional improvements are needed to have better roads,\" said STAC chairman N V Merani. \"We have been pushing for a central planning cell headed by a chief engineer . The cell would have the data on all roads and would establish a proper system of supervision.\"In the 2010-2011 budget , about Rs 1,180 crore (or 14% of the capital expenditure ) was set aside for the traffic, roads and bridges departmenta figure second only to the Rs 2,721 crore allocation for water supply. The next year , the roads department's share dipped to 12%.Still, neither of these budgets spoke about creating assets and increasing staff. TOI last year had reported that the roads, traffic and bridges department had as many as 226 vacancies due to which a single chief engineer was handling the roads as well as the bridges section.\"Separate cadre should be created for the roads department or at least some training programme should be organized for the staff of the roads department,\" said Merani.In a welcome change, the current budget at least makes a mention of new technology and the appointment of quality auditors . \"The biggest problem that the department faces is planning . The delay in starting work creates all the problem,\" said a former chief engineer (roads ).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12363069", "title": "'PM's statement on US resolution high drama' Seeman", "text": "TRICHY: Naam Tamilar Katchi founder-president Seeman on Wednesday termed the announcement of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh supporting the US-sponsored resolution against Sri Lanka as a high drama. Seeman staged a one-day fast here condemning the war crimes committed by Sri Lanka on Tamils. Over 200 supporters of the movement took part in the fast.Though the fast was held to pressurize the Centre to support the resolution, it would not be the remedy for a separate country for Tamils in Lanka and they should go a long way to achieve. However, as a Tamilian, it was his duty to insist upon the government to oppose the war crimes, Seeman said.Later talking to reporters, Seeman, commenting on the budget in Kerala and the allocation of funds for the first phase of work for the construction of a new dam in Mullaperiyar , said that it should never become a reality and their movement will never let Kerala construct the new dam. \"If they are adamant to continue with their project, it would lead to killing of Malayali people living in Tamil Nadu,\" he said.On the Kudankulam project, he condemned the action of the chief minister on the protesters in order to commence the project. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "12366891", "title": "Locals harden stand against dumping waste at Pettipalam", "text": "KANNUR: The action council at Punnol-Pettipalam, where the local residents have been agitating for the last 142 days against garbage being dumped in the trenching ground there, said it would approach the human rights commissions in the Centre as well as the state against the police atrocities on Tuesday.\"Police didn't spare even women and children. They are dancing to the tunes of the CPM. Even Congressmen have been supporting the human rights violations here,\" said action committee chairman N V Ajayakumar. Action council members said they would complaint to chief minister.Police arrested many people on Tuesday when they opposed garbage dumping in Pettipalam by the municipality. Many of the residents were taken into custody.To protest against the police action, the action council organized a march in Pettipalam on Wednesday evening.Even though the Thalassery municipality has said it would continue dumping garbage in Pettipalam with the help of the police, the residents said they would not permit vehicles to enter the trenching ground.Meanwhile, the situation in Pettipalam remained calm on Wednesday and the municipality did not dump any garbage in the trenching ground.Kannur: The action council at Punnol-Pettipalam, where the local residents have been agitating for the last 142 days, said they would approach the human rights commissions in the centre as well as the state against the police atrocities on Tuesday, when the garbage dumping by the Thalassery municipality was resumed with the help of the police force.\"The police was behaving in the most ruthless manner and even the women and children were not spared,\" said action committee chairman N V Ajayakumar. \"The police even tried to assault a four-year-old girl and many other children and such heinous acts should be opposed at any cost.\"\"From the attitude of the police, we feel that they are dancing to the tunes of the CPM and even the Congressmen were supporting this human rights violation,\" he added.The action council members said they would also send a complaint to the Chief Minister in this connection.Many of the residents were taken into custody without any cause, and the only aim of the police act was to sabotage the agitation, they alleged. To protest against the police action, the action council also organised a march in Pettipalam on Wednesday evening.Even though the Thalassery municipality has said that it would continue garbage dumping in Pettipalam with the help of the police, the residents said that they would strengthen the agitation from Thursday and the garbage vehicles will not be permitted to enter the trenching ground.Meanwhile, the situation at Pettipalam remained calm on Wednesday and the municipality did not dump any garbage in the trenching ground. The police had arrested many people on Tuesday, when they opposed the garbage dumping by the municipality.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12365347", "title": "Now reap fruits on private land with government help", "text": "NAGPUR: In a rational move, the state government will take up horticulture plantations on farmers' waste land and boundary between farms (bandhya) under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MGNREGS).The decision is being considered as important as private, small, BPL, marginal, adivasi and scheduled caste farmers will benefit under NREGS. The rule will also be applicable to those who have been allotted pattas under the Forest Rights Act (FRA).To avail the benefit of the scheme, the land should be owned by the beneficiary himself. The scheme will be implemented through gram panchayats who will recommend all the requests to the agriculture and horticulture department. Each individual's case will be treated as a separate project.The tree species that have been approved for plantations include mango , cashew, ber, sitafal, amla, tamarind, jamun, kokam, bamboo, karanj, coconut, guava, lemon, neem etc.The scheme will be useful for lands recently approved under the FRA to individual. Many such lands lead to low yield because of low soil quality and continuous grazing.\"Such pieces of lands can now be put to horticulture and tree farming by farmers. A massive programme should be launched on all lands where the farmers are willing to undertake under NREGS horticulture and tree plantation as the cost will be borne by the government,\" says Praveen Pardeshi, principal secretary (forests).Pardeshi adds, another benefit of these plantations would be that such plantations are much less likely to be grazed upon by wildlife and hence man-animal conflict can also be minimized. The programme can be promoted as part of State Forest Development Agency (SFDA) and joint forest management committees (JFMCs).The technical guidance to the beneficiaries will be provided by the agriculture department at local level. The ground work to plant the trees will be done by job-card holders only. The payment towards wages will be paid every 15 days through bank or post-offices.Officials said while procuring saplings, preference will have to be given to nurseries under MGNREGS, agriculture department, social forestry , and agriculture universities. Private nurseries will be the last option.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12362232", "title": "Varsity\u2019s online exam plan for engineering studies questioned", "text": "PUNE: The University of Pune's (UoP) move to increase the online exam component in the first-year engineering (FE) degree course from academic year 2012-13, is at the centre of a debate as a section of teachers has called for a review of the move.The issue figures prominently among the questions raised for the impending meeting of the UoP senate, which is to be held on March 24.Senate member Shridhar Deo, who has raised the question, has maintained that the move is being pursued in haste without making a fair assessment of the prevailing online exam for three FE subjects.\"Skill sets of engineering students can not be evaluated on the basis of online exams featuring multiple choice questions,\" he said. \"Such exams are more suited for entrance tests,\" he added.However, dean of UoP's engineering faculty G K Kharate has said, \"We will reply to the question in the senate. A considerable thought, by 55 members of the engineering faculty has gone into the online exam initiative and the same has been received well by the principals of all engineering colleges.\"Recently, the UoP's academic council cleared the online engineering exam plan while the management council, too, has approved setting up of a dedicated exam cell for running the online testing initiative. A Rs 2 crore provision has been made for the initiative, as part of the overall budget for the varsity's board of exam.For the last few years, the UoP has been conducting online tests of 50 marks each for three subjects -- fundamentals of programming language; engineering mechanics and basic electronics - at the end of each semester at the FE level of the engineering course.The remaining seven of the total 10 FE subjects are conducted in conventional written mode.Last year, the faculty of engineering mooted a proposal that envisages a 25-mark online test, to be conducted twice in the first two months of each semester at the FE level.Each of these online tests will cover two chapters of all the 10 subjects and will be followed by a 50-mark written test in the third month of the semester. The move is aimed at ensuring that engineering students start with their studies from Day 1 of their joining the degree course besides, they go through a continuous evaluation process, which provides a real gauge of the knowledge acquired by them.Another objective is to check the tendency among students to proceed on a preparatory leave days before the exam to memorise answers and write their papers based on whatever they have memorised.\"Such mugging up of answers barely provides a real assessment of how much knowledge the students have actually acquired,\" an engineering faculty member said.Kharate said, \"The plan, when given full effect, will aptly address the three prevailing concerns i.e., delay in declaration of engineering results; objections to evaluation; and the revaluation process. The online system will ensure total transparency and have a credible system in place.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12362295", "title": "Ex-army vice chief gets interim anticipatory bail", "text": "PUNE: The court of special judge D R Mahajan on Wednesday granted an ad interim anticipatory bail to former vice chief of army staff Lt Gen Noble Thamburaj, till March 28, in the case pertaining to his alleged involvement in a defence land lease case.The bail order states that Thamburaj, in the event of his arrest, shall be released on a personal bond and surety bond of Rs 30,000 with one or two sureties of the like amount.The court has directed Thamburaj not to leave Pune and cooperate with the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) whenever he is called for questioning. The CBI, Pune unit, is being served a court notice seeking its written submission on Thamburaj's bail plea, which is to be heard next on March 28.On January 30, the Army Headquarters, New Delhi, had registered a complaint with the CBI alleging that Thamburaj, who was then General Officer Commanding-in-Chief of the Southern Command in Pune, and former defence estates officer S R Nayyar extended undue favour to a construction firm, Kalpataru Builders, in the matter of leasing a bungalow on a prime defence land in the Pune cantonment.The matter relates to a 0.96 acre piece of land at bungalow no 8-A, survey no. 241-A, Lothian road, in the Pune cantonment. The land was leased to the construction firm.The CBI complaint stated that in doing so, Thamburaj and Nayyar ignored the existing rules and policies and violated the terms of lease. The Army Headquarters sought registration of offences of criminal conspiracy, cheating and criminal misconduct in the matter. On January 31, CBI teams had carried out searches at the residences of Thamburaj and Nayyar and the office of Kalpataru Builders in Koregaon Park.Thamburaj moved the court on Wednesday for an anticipatory bail in the matter through his counsel, Sudhir Shah. The court passed the ad interim anticipatory bail order in an ex-parte hearing process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12367596", "title": "CAG report on coal allocation is only a draft report: Pranab Mukherjee", "text": "NEW DELHI: Amid uproar in Parliament over the reports of alleged coal scam of Rs 10.7 lakh crore, finance minister Pranab Mukherjee on Thursday said CAG's report is only a draft.\"It (Comptroller and Auditor General's report on coal allocation) is not yet CAG report. It is a draft report\", he told reporters here.Mukherjee further said, \"normal practise is they (come out with) draft report... then ministry's comment come. After the comments... there is a regular system through which it will be placed on the table of (both Houses) Parliament.\"CAG's draft report has estimated a Rs 10.6 lakh crore loss to the exchequer on account of allotment of coal blocks without auction, during 2004 to 2009, to 100 private and public sector companies.The draft created a political storm leading to disruption of proceedings of the Lok Sabha and the Rajya Sabha.The official auditor has estimated a \"windfall gain\" of Rs 6.31 lakh crore (PSUs - Rs 3.37 lakh crore and private parties - Rs 2.94 lakh crore) based on the prices prevailing during the year of allocation on constant cost and price basis as on March 31, 2011.The CAG report comes more than a year after its report on the allocation of scarce 2G telecom spectrum on first-come- first-service basis. It had estimated a presumptive loss of Rs 1.76 lakh crore to the exchequer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12362445", "title": "Accidents at level crossings kill more than train collisions", "text": "LUCKNOW: After derailments, it's the accidents at level crossings which claim maximum lives every year. The figures provided by the Railway Board show that train collisions and onboard fire together in the last ten years have killed lesser people than the accidents at level crossings.The unmanned level crossings are deadlier. On Tuesday, 16 people were killed and three severely injured at an unmanned level crossing between Mendu and Hathras city when the vehicle they were travelling in hit the Mathura-Kasganj passenger train.Also, four people were left grievously injured in another accident between Itaunja and BKT. The figures of the Railway Board show that all over India till September 2011, 26 accidents had taken place at level crossings, and each of these accidents had people either killed or grievously injured.Closing down of unmanned level crossings is highlighted time and again in each budget. However, it's the budget constraints and, at times, opposition from locals which cause a hindrance. \"Locals oppose as it makes their movement difficult. Political influence also comes into play here,\" said sources.Lucknow division of NER manned some 32 unmanned level crossings last year. However, officially, the railways put the figure of upgraded unmanned crossings to 12 only, considering that it is the shortage of staff and budget that has left at least half of the upgraded crossings without a gateman. The railway officials, from time to time, also conduct awareness campaigns to educate people on safe movement through the crossings.According to railway officials, most of the accidents at unmanned level crossings happen during the daytime due to overconfidence on the part of commuters who blatantly flout safety provisions thinking they would cross the stretch before the train arrives.Second, in most cases, it's a tractor-trolley that hits the train, reason being they are driven by inexperienced drivers. Most of the times, the drivers do not have a licence to drive. What has increased the frequency of accidents at unmanned level crossings over the years is the fact that now there are more vehicles passing through the unmanned crossings.\"Initially, there were bullock-carts that used to pass through. Now SUVs and motorcycles are common,\" said an officer.To bring down the number of accidents, the officials, as a part of awareness campaigns, every month check the unmanned crossings for proper speed breakers, road-signs and signboards.In case the traffic vehicle unit (number of vehicles moving through an unmanned level crossing per day) is high or if the unmanned crossing has witnessed repeated accidents, the railway officials convert it into a manned crossing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12362498", "title": "Protest against Sri Sri Ravi Shankar for his remarks on government schools", "text": "JAIPUR: Different sections of people on Wednesday registered a strong protest against spiritual guru Sri Sri Ravi Shankar over his alleged remark that government schools are breeding grounds of Naxalites and violence and government-run schools and colleges must be handed over to private bodies.He made the remark during the silver jubilee celebration of Adarsh Vidya Mandir Jaipur in Ambabari on Tuesday while commenting on achievements of this school.\"Private school students have a very progressive and spiritual attitude towards life. They are nurtured with values, principles and dedication required for an ideal citizen,\" said Ravi Shankar at the function. He praised the Adarsh Vidya Mandir schools run by the RSS for producing students with values and principles. The spiritual guru is in the city on a three-day visit to participate in various socio-religious events.His statement angered the teachers' community and his effigy was burnt at various places in the city. The situation becomes tense when a group of protesting teachers under the banner of 'Rajasthan Shikshak Sangh' raising anti Ravi Shankar slogans entered the Birla Auditorium an hour before his arrival there for an event.The art of living volunteers present at the main gate got into a heated argument with the protesting teachers who were demanding a public apology for the remark. Police present in the auditorium swung to action and disperse the teachers outside the venue. The spiritual guru was scheduled to attend the birthday celebration of senior BJP leader and Rajya Sabha MP Ramdas Agarwal at the auditorium.In his defence, the spiritual guru blamed a section of media for twisting his statements and running without the original context.A criminal complaint has been filed by local lawyers - Surendra Dhaka, Jai Prakash Sharma and Manu Pancholi - in a lower court charging the spiritual leader with the offence of spreading hatred in society and defaming people passing out of government schools. \"We also feel that his statement is anti-Constitution as it goes against Article 21-A where the government is bound to provide free and compulsory education to children of the age group six to 14 years,\" one of the petitioners said.City based NGOs working in the field of education and human rights groups were also in no mood to spare the spiritual leader for his remark. They alleged that Ravi Shankar being the brand guru of the global corporates, likes education to be the milch cow of this sector only for their colossal growth in profit.\"Ravi Shankar is reproducing the ideology of hate as presented by Golwalkar and Savarkar which schools like Adarsh Vidya Mandir teach in the country when he said that Adarsh schools should be set up everywhere in the name of Bharatiya Sanskriti,\" said Kavita Srivastava, general secretary of PUCL.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12362738", "title": "New rules to meet summer power demand", "text": "NEW DELHI: With summer expected to be a testing time for power discoms in the city due to new northern grid regulations , Delhi Electricity Regulatory Commission (DERC) has framed new regulations for demand side management (DSM) to keep pace with the growing demand. Once the regulations are notified, DERC officials said that distribution licences will be required to make DSM an integral part in their day to day operations. The regulatory body has also extended the date - till the end of the month - by which stakeholders can submit their comments to the new regulations. The earlier date had already expired.In the regulations, DERC had said that discoms will have to form a DSM cell within a month after adopting the new regulations. The cell will be responsible for load research and development of baseline data, formulation of DSM plan and design and development of DSM projects.\"The discoms will have to submit a perspective DSM plan for a control period of a year. The staff paper for the DSM regulations has been prepared and being circulated for public feedback after which a hearing will be held,'' said officials. The plans will have to be approved by the commission so that the funding can be covered from average revenue requirement petitions.Delhi discoms cannot be dependent on the grid to overdraw power during peak hours after CERC notified that the grid frequency will be tightened from April 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12365177", "title": "Fatal love triangle triggers police constable\u2019s suicide", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 30-year-old police constable committed suicide by jumping in front of a Chennai bound moving train at Nanjundapuram in the city on Wednesday morning. The deceased has been identified as S Ramachandran, a second grade police constable attached with the Protection of Civil Rights (PCV) unit in the city police. Son of railway employee R Shanmughan, he was a resident of Railway Colony in Podanur.Victim of a failed love triangle, Ramachandran was undergoing treatment at Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH) and was discharged just two days ago, after being stabbed by his friend turned foe on March 10. The altercation was caused by a love triangle where the constable and his friend D Shankar were in love with the same girl Surya, since class 10.Six years ago, Surya had got married and moved to another locality. Since then, Ramachandran has been very distraught and moody. He believed that Shankar, who is also married, had encouraged Surya to get married. His anger against Shankar led to a physical fight on March 10 during which the constable was stabbed. D Shankar, 39, an interior decorator from Ramanathapuram, was arrested and he is now in jail. Shankar had stabbed Ramachandran on his left rib and back.After leaving hospital, Ramachandran was extremely upset and confined himself to the house. On Tuesday evening, he met with his teachers at the Nanjundapuram School and expressed that he lost interest in life. He went to the nearby electric crematorium and pleaded with the staff to burn him live. When the staff tried to pacify him, Ramachandran said he would return as a dead body on Wednesday.At around 7.50 am, he jumped in front of the Mangalore-Chennai West Coast Express near Nanjundapuram railway gate. He died on the spot after sustaining severe head injuries. His body was taken to CMCH to conduct an autopsy and handed over to relatives later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12362971", "title": "Kimberley Process chair in diamond city", "text": "SURAT: The first woman to lead the newly-appointed US chair of Kimberley Process Certification Scheme (KP-CS), an international diamond watchdog, Gillian Milovanovic, began her two-day visit to the world's biggest diamond cutting and polishing centre in Surat on Wednesday.This is for the first time that a KP chair is visiting the diamond industry in the city since the KPCS was launched in 2003 to certify that the diamonds do not come from the conflict zones. The certification scheme aims at preventing blood diamonds from entering the mainstream rough diamond market. It was set up to assure consumers that by purchasing diamonds they were not financing war and human right abuses.Milovanovic's visit comes at a challenging time for the KPCS following the fallout from its decision last year to allow Zimbabwe to sell diamonds from its controversial Marange fields and the subsequent decision by the US to impose sanctions on two diamond mines belonging to Zimbabwe state owned Marange Resources and another owned by publicly held Mbada Diamonds.However, the effectiveness of the process has been brought into question by global organizations such as Global Witness, which pulled out of the scheme on December 5, 2011, claiming the scheme has failed in its purpose and does not provide markets with assurance that the diamonds are not tainted with blood after allowing Zimbabwe to export its rough diamonds from the Marange fields.Milovanovic is scheduled to visit some of the big diamond manufacturing facilities like Diamond Trading Company (DTC) sightholder companies - Dharmanandan Diamond and Venus Jewel - and a few small manufacturing units to understand the diamond cutting and polishing trade in the city. Industry sources said the KP chair arrived in the diamond city from Mumbai on Wednesday afternoon accompanied by executive director of GJEPC Sabhyasachi Ray and few of the diamond industry leaders.\"We want to show the KP chair the ultra modern diamond cutting and polishing facilities and the ultimate working environment the industry has provided to its 4.5 lakh diamond workers,\" regional chairman, GJEPC, Chandrakant Sanghavi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "mumbai/hyderabad", "code": "12368101", "title": "MSatyam &amp; TechM merge to form $2.4bn IT co", "text": "MUMBAI/HYDERABAD: The $14.4-billion Mahindra Group on Wednesday unveiled the widely anticipated merger of its two IT services firms, Tech Mahindra and Mahindra Satyam, creating a $2.4-billion entity, which is poised to be India's fifth-largest software outsourcing company by revenue.The development comes three years after the group acquired the scandal-rocked Satyam Computer Services, later branding it Mahindra Satyam.As part of the merger, investors will get two Tech Mahindra shares (of Rs 10 face value) for every 17 shares of Mahindra Satyam (of Rs 2 face value). The group will own 26.3% in the combined entity while British Telecom, a strategic partner of the group in Tech Mahindra, will hold 12.8%.Since Tech Mahindra currently holds 42.65% in Mahindra Satyam (through Venturbay Consultants ), 10.4% equity of the new entity that will come in existence because of this cross-holding , post merger, this equity will be held as treasury stock in a trust, said the management at a press briefing in Mumbai on Wednesday.Following the announcement, Dalal Street gave its stamp of approval to the plan with Tech Mahindra stock closing up 5.5% at Rs 684 while Mahindra Satyam (still listed as Satyam Computer on the bourses) closed 4.6% up at Rs 78. At the day's closing levels, the two entities together are valued at a tad over Rs 17,800 crore (about $3.5 billion ).The new entity, the branding of which will be decided over the next few months, will compete with the likes of Tata Consultancy Services , Infosys and Wipro for bagging big international outsourcing contracts. Tech Mahindra will issue 10.34 crore new shares, increasing its number of outstanding shares to 23.08 crore and its equity capital to Rs 230.8 crore, said the management. This values Satyam at Rs 76.3 a share ($1.8 billion), according to Bloomberg .\"This merger does not bring about any cost savings . Instead, it's driven by the proposition of delivering better value to our customers , and project the power of one,\" said C P Gurnani, CEO, Mahindra Satyam.The management said there will be zero redundancies post merger but did not rule out some redeployment at the leadership level across functions. Mumbai will be the new headquarter for the merged entity.\"We did the merger when Mahindra Satyam reached normalization and was in a steady state so that it's a merger of equals,\" said Vineet Nayyar, vice-chairman &amp; MD, Tech Mahindra and chairman, Mahindra Satyam. The joint entity will have a unified goto-market strategy with revenues spread across telecom , manufacturing, media &amp; entertainment , banking and insurance, along with retail and healthcare.The new entity will leverage Tech Mahindra's expertise in the mobility vertical while Mahindra Satyam's diverse clientele will come in handy to widen the client base of the company. \"This makes strategic sense for Tech Mahindra, giving it access to other verticals, scale benefits and a wider geographic presence,\" said Citigroup analysts in their report on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12362326", "title": "Civic administration rules out hike in taxes", "text": "PUNE: The newly elected body of the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) on Wednesday stood by the decision taken by the earlier standing committee and decided not to increase taxes. The decision was taken at the general body meeting.In December 2011 the civic administration had proposed that octroi charges of various commodities be increased. It had also proposed that octroi be introduced on domestic LPG, which has been exempt till date, and that other taxes, such as property taxes, also be increased.The then standing committee had rejected the proposal and had sent it to the general body for a final nod. However, because of the elections and the enforcement of the model code of conduct, the previous general body was not able to take a decision on the proposal. On Wednesday, it came up before the newly elected body.\"Revenue will not increase just by increasing tax rates,\" said Ashok Yenpure, group leader of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) in the PMC. \"Tax evasion is taking place on a large scale. Also, measures should be taken to control octroi evasion,\" he added.Shankar Kemse, a Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) corporator said that untapped sources of property tax should be tapped. \"Many builders have taken part permission of buildings. Not all the flats in those buildings come under the tax net. Those flats should be brought under the net and this will help increase the revenue,\" he said.Other corporators said that recovery of octroi or other taxes had become risky and officers should be provided with security. Additional manpower was also needed for tax collection, they said.Replying to the queries of corporators, municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak said that most of the problems had been addressed by the civic body. Some steps have also been suggested in the budget to deal with the systemic problem of tax and octroi collections, he said.\"The civic body will try other measures to increase revenue sources. Steps to reduce expenses on process of tax collection will be taken,\" said Pathak.Pathak said that CCTV cameras and scanning machines would be installed at the octroi collection centres to help curb tax evasion.In December 2011 the civic administration had proposed that octroi charges of various commodities be increased. It had also proposed that octroi be introduced on domestic LPG, which has been exempt till date, and that other taxes, such as property taxes, also be increased.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12364706", "title": "Rs 15 lakh seized in fake currency, five arrested held", "text": "KOLKATA: Five persons were arrested on Tuesday night and Rs 14, 99, 000 seized from them in fake Indian currency notes. Acting on tip off, officers of Kolkata Police's special task force rounded up on Tuesday night rounded up five persons and seized Fake Indian Currency Notes of Rs 14,99,000. The arrested persons were identified asSeikh Alam, Saddam Hossain, Khageswar Mondal, Seikh Akhter and Seikh Zahirul. Police are on the lookout for those who were supposed to receive the consignment.Barely 10 days ago, STF officers had intercepted a consignment of Rs 13, 99,000 in fake notes and nabbed one rounded upMukhter Hossain. Interrogating Mukhter helped police track down this consignment. Police hinted that Mukhter's arrest led cops to track down this consignment.Senior STF officers said that in a synchronized operationNational Investigation Agency (NIA) is in a bid to crackdown on all the channels through which fake currency is smuggled into sneaking into India.The recent statistics of FICN seizure and the intelligence inputs suggest that major portion of the FICN come into are coming in India through the porous Indo-Bangla border along Malda and Murshidabad district of Bengal. Earlier, it was smuggled through Bihar and parts of Uttar Pradesh that share a common border with Nepal. border with Nepal along Bihar and part of Uttarpradesh was the main smuggling route But the supply route was changed after due to the death of two key FICN operatives based in Nepal in recent years, the supply route has been changed.In January this year, NIA raided across the country and rounded up 14 key persons involved in circulation of fake currency in India. Among the 14, nine were from Malda and Murshidabad. district of Bengal who were operating in different corners of the country.Police also rounded up Morgen Hossain and Rakib Hossain - theresidents of Malda's Kaliachak and who were main coordinators behind the FICN smuggling.Arrest of a large number of FICN operatives and helped police to get more clues on the consignments and with the inputs from the BSF's intelligence wing have helped STF officers who are acting as the nodal agency of NIA to intercept managed get hold two important FICN consignments in past few days. Police are on the lookout for those who receive these consignments. The looking for the receiving end of the consignment, probably based in a city in south India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12365260", "title": "All's well with Pokkiri Raja now", "text": "Acouple of days ago, we had reported how Shriya was upset that the producer of her Malayalam film, Pokkiri Raja (in which she's paired opposite Prithviraj) had sold the Tamil dubbing rights of the film without honouring the contract the two had signed.While Shriya went on to request the Nadigar Sangam to the stay the release of the movie, Malaysia Pandiyan (who bought the rights to release the film in Tamil as Raja Pokkiri Raja) had filed a complaint against the actress at the Producers' Council. But now, looks like all's well between the actress and the producer, as Shriya has sent a letter to the Nadigar Sangam, revoking her complaint.Pandiyan confirms, \"I spoke with Shriya and her parents four days ago, and explained that all the three concerned parties are at fault. I also told them the kind of loss I'd incur if the film didn't release. They were very understanding, and Shriya has revoked her complaint. I'm grateful that she'd been very considerate to us. We've submitted the film for censor now, and are planning to release it in April \"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12369027", "title": "Aamir Khan in dire need of disaster management", "text": "Perfectionist Khan finds himself in a soup!Aamir Khan who is busy with his television show and pushed the release date of Talaash in order to be able to give enough time to both - his show and the movie, finds himself in a spot as people begin speculating why Talaash has indeed been delayed.Apparently, Reema Kagti is quite upset with the rumours doing the rounds. It is being said that Talaash has been postponed because of the release of Kahaani - it has been reported that the storyline of Talaash is quite similar to that of the Vidya Balan-starrer and in order to make some changes to the script and re-shoot, the team of Talaash thought it better to shift the release date.Reema Kagti rubbished these rumours point blank. In fact, Aamir, too, we're sure would like to address the 'issue' but due to want of time hasn't been able to do so. Also, he remains unperturbed about these talks as he is more than confident about his product and the originality of the idea.However, it's not very healthy for the movie 'Talaash' that a rumour like this has spread like wld fire, and Aamir will have to indulge in some sort of disaster management once he has the time to take this head on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12368676", "title": "Ulfa hawks admit to seeking money from Chabua hospital", "text": "GUWAHATI: Ulfa hardliners on Wednesday admitted that they had served a demand note to St Luke's hospital in Paresh Baruah's native town of Chabua in Dibrugarh district, but added the demand is not the hospital as an institution but personally for its chairman Stephen Nag.In an emailed statement, Ulfa faction's publicity wing chief Joy 'Asom\" said: \"The demand note was served on Nag as a tea planter and not as an authority of the St Luke's hospital. Many of our leaders and cadres were born in this hospital and we can never seek any money from the hospital.\" The faction also cautioned Nag against maligning Ulfa's image after he told the media on Tuesday that Ulfa had sought Rs 20 lakh from the hospital and appealed to the outfit to withdraw its demand.The outfit said Nag was contacted over the telephone first and told about the demand. He gave them the telephone number of one Dr Singh for sending the demand in writing. On March 9, a letter signed by the outfit's acting finance secretary Jibon Moran was given, asking Nag to pay Rs 20 lakh for Ulfa's cause.St Luke's Hospital is a charitable medical centre set up in 1923 by the Diocese of Assam. The Ulfa hardliners said that while missionaries in Nagaland are spreading knowledge and developing the Naga tribes, Nag was doing business as a tea planter in the garb of a charity worker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12367976", "title": "Priests' stir stalls Puri temple rituals", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Rituals at the Jagannath temple in Puri were delayed for nearly 10 hours on Wednesday following a protest by priests over the restriction on entry of pilgrims into the sanctum sanctorum.The temple administration was to enforce the restriction from Wednesday in compliance with the recent recommendations by the Justice P K Mohanty commission, which was set up to probe the November 4, 2006, stampede inside the shrine that had claimed four lives.While the commission recommended that the sanctum sanctorum should be kept out of bounds for pilgrims to prevent a rerun of the fatal stampede, priests were not ready to accept the diktat. Whenever the temple administration tried to regulate the crowd in sanctum sanctorum in the past, it was faced with stiff opposition from the priests.On Wednesday, priests refused to open the gate of the sanctum sanctorum and stalled rituals, causing inconvenience to scores of pilgrims. However, the priests withdrew the strike after the administration assured them to allow pilgrims into sanctum sanctorum only during the daily Sahanmela darshan (in the morning).\"In the wake of the opposition, we partially implemented the commission's suggestion today. We will no longer allow pilgrims to enter sanctum sanctorum with Parimanik tickets. However, for the time being pilgrims can enter sanctum sanctorum during Sahanmela darshan,\" Puri district collector Aravind Agarwal told TOI.\"Presence of pilgrims in sanctum sanctorum led to inordinate delay in rituals. The restriction is imperative,\" temple's chief administrator P K Mohapatra said.Priests said the temple should not prevent devotees from entering the sanctum sanctorum. \"It is an age-old tradition. Devotees would not accept the restriction,\" Dinabandhu Pratihari, a priest said.To control the crowd at the shrine, the temple administration had in the past begun restricting the sale of unlimited number of Parimanik tickets among devotees. But it led to resentment among pilgrims and priests. Under pressure, the shrine body had lifted the restriction. Each Parimanik ticket costs Rs 25.The Parimanik ticket counter remains open for nearly three hours a day. The facility of going close to the deities inside the sanctum sanctorum through the special ticket is available for eight times a day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12366292", "title": "Platinum, the new pick this Gudi Padwa?", "text": "Beyond Gold, what other precious metal options does one have for the traditional Gudi Padwa buying? Ami Pandya looks up a couple of alternativesGold has traditionally been the preferred precious metal purchase on Gudi Padwa, but times are changing. \"It all began with the young buyer segment opting for 'white metal' (platinum) and 'white sparklers' (precious stones) for Gudi Padwa,\" says Vummidi Jithendra, director, Vummidi Bangaru Jewellers (VBJ). \"Platinum scores very high when it comes to long-lasting of intricate designs. It also possesses excellent quality and demand, making it more usable and durable.\" So, is platinum truly taking center stage in Indian 'precious metal' buying traditions, especially Gudi Padwa?It is not just 'what', it is also 'when' that seems to be changing when one considers the young generation of buyers. The attitude seems to be, 'any time is a good time to invest', says Nishant Agarwal, managing director, Avighna India Ltd. \"With the market developing with each passing day, we have seen that customers do not wait for any particular occasion to invest. Indians have always had an affinity to invest and festivals are only one important reason amongst the many to achieve this objective,\" he adds.And yet, buying precious metals on Gudi Padwa has its own allure. \"If we take a general view, investment in precious metals is about a potential, comparatively lower in cost yet safe option. With the increased uncertainty over reoccurrence of a slowdown, it could be that the precious metals are being looked upon as a safer bet for investment plus it never goes out of style,\" says Colin Shah, managing director, Kama Schachter. \"Along with gold and diamond jewellery, platinum jewellery is also seen as being more accessible and also the preferred jewellery type for today's generation.\" Though gold ornaments have always been a 'favorite buy', solitaires set in platinum are fast becoming the rage among buyers, says Jignesh Mehta, MD, Divine Solitaires. The young buyers are increasingly looking at solitaires with greater interest than before, he adds.\"During Gudi Padwa, most people invest in automobiles, real estate and gold, but diamonds are emerging as a great way to invest. There has been a tremendous increase in diamond prices in the past several years, and the outlook is great. There is a growing worldwide demand for these gems, and this will help spur demand. If you had invested in 1 ct diamond on Gudi Padwa day half a decade back, then at present it would fetch you around 45-50 per cent appreciation on investment, based on colour and clarity of the diamond you would have invested in,\" he says.With price parity between platinum and gold, the demand for platinum jewellery is expected to go up, Jithendra says. \"Platinum is a white metal, but unlike gold, it is used in jewellery in almost it's pure form - approximately 95 per cent pure. Platinum is extremely long wearing and is very white, so it does not need to be rhodium plated, like white gold. It is rare because its availability is said to be 30 times rarer than gold, it is versatile as it is 'pliable' - one can make intricate jewellery and mesh accessories. Platinum is both, precious and noble at the same time.\"For the buyer this Gudi Padwa, platinum seems to be the 'modern choice', while gold is still holding on as the 'traditional choice' - what will be your pick?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12368396", "title": "UK identifies 3 sectors for business", "text": "NASHIK: To boost trade and businesses with Nashik, UK has identified three sectors-food processing, education and healthcare-and will explore potential opportunities. A UK delegation led by the British deputy high commissioner for western India, Peter Beckingham, is on a two-day visit to the city.Beckingham is leading the delegation that includes senior trade and investment advisors from UK, Trade &amp; Investment (UKTI) based in in Mumbai, officials from the British Council, and a Mumbai representative from International Business Wales, the official Inward Trade and Investment Agency for Wales.The delegation that reached the city on Wednesday will interact with local industries, including members of Nashik Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (NIMA) and Ambad Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (AIMA).\"Nashik is one of the major industrial centres in the country and the climate of Nashik is its additional advantage. Apart from the three sectors, we are also eyeing some other major sectors like engineering, construction and retail,\" Beckingham said.He pointed out that wine industry was fast developing and Nashik products were being sold in supermarkets abroad. He said that wineries from Nashik had wide scope for development and it would emerge as the major wine industry in the next five years.\"We have identified around 20 cities across India, including Nashik, which have potential to do business. We have set the target of increasing maximum trade and investment with the Indian industries by 2015. We are also inviting Indian industries to invest in UK,\" Beckingham said.The Nashik visit is part of an initiative started by UKTI to reach out to Indian companies outside major metros in order to explore opportunities for business collaborations between UK and Indian industry. It is also aimed at working with Indian companies to realise their global aspirations, by assessing them to establish their presence in the UK. Since the start of the outreach initiative, in the past two years, UKTI in India has engaged with over 2,000 Indian businesses across 20 cities in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12362700", "title": "DVS didn't budget for bypoll drubbing", "text": "BANGALORE: The shadow of the ruling BJP's humiliating electoral defeat in his bailiwick, the Udupi-Chikmagalur parliamentary constituency, loomed large over chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda's maiden budget on Wednesday.Unbridled poaching of the opposition's legislative ranks and a plethora of corruption charges had failed to dent the BJP's performance in various by-elections across the state over the past three and a half years. But unending internal bickering ensured that the ruling party suffered a rare electoral setback - that too in a constituency vacated by Gowda on becoming chief minister.Besides, the coastal belt, where a very large part of the Udupi-Chikmagalur constituency lies, is considered to be the saffron party's stronghold since the days when the party was not even a serious contender for power.Congress nominee K Jayaprakash Hegde defeated the BJP's V Sunil Kumar by a margin of 45,724 votes. Hegde, a former minister, had lost to Gowda in the 2009 Lok Sabha poll by 20,718 votes. JD(S) candidate Bhoje Gowda came a distant third.With the sheen off his Rs 1,03,369-crore budget, Gowda sought to duck queries on the reasons for the defeat. All he said was, \"It was unexpected. I am surprised by the Congress victory. The reasons will be known only after analyzing the result. But nobody should be blamed for the defeat.\"However, state BJP president K S Eshwarappa attributed the defeat to lack of unity in the party.Former CM B S Yeddyurappa, who has raised the banner of revolt in the party, said the result called for introspection by the party.The Congress, though, was basking in its good show - something rare for it in recent times. In 1997, when in the wilderness, the Congress had wrested the Ramanagaram assembly seat, vacated by H D Deve Gowda after becoming Prime Minister. That was the beginning of the party's journey back to power.Sensing the opportunity provided by a divided BJP, KPCC president G Parameshwara had said at the outset of the campaign that the bypoll would lead to \"political resurrection'' of the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12368204", "title": "Additi Gupta to groove to an item number in Punar Vivaah", "text": "Yash (Gurmeet Choudhary) and Aarti (Kratika Sengar) are gearing up for their wedding on Zee TV's Punar Vivaah and the makers are leaving no stone unturned to make it a grand affair.The special episode will see actress Additi Gupta grooving to an item number along with the entire case of the show. Gupta, we hear, will perform at Yash's bachelor party to a superhit number and if sources are anything to go by, the performance will be sizzling hot. The sequence will be shot today and will be the actress's first ever dance performance in a daily soap. Gupta remained unavailable for the comment.Hope the naach-gaana can boost the ratings of the show!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12366878", "title": "When netas smile from every nook", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The culture of erecting flex banners and boards by fans' associations of film stars to promote their films seems to have infected the political parties too.The city is replete with flex banners and boards announcing the development works initiated by political leaders.The ever-smiling faces of MPs, MLAs, and even corporation councillors declaring their altruistic nature adorn every nook and corner.The leaders who are on flex banners are quick to defend the move.\"If a development work happens in a particular areas because of the efforts of the people's representative there is nothing wrong in erecting flex boards by residents association and party cadres,\" said Pradeep Kumar, MLA.But he flayed the actions of some people who put up flex banners even for little works. \"That is a cheap way of publicity,\" he said.K P Babu, secretary, District Congress Committee, says flex boards helps in familiarizing public about various achievements of the political leaders.\"There is nothing wrong as it will help in strengthening the influence of party,\" he said.According to I P Rajesh, Kozhikode district panchayat member and Youth Congress district secretary, flexs help in improving their reach among people.But sometimes it become a flex war as cadres of rival parties put up flex boards highlighting the hollow claims by the other parties.The boards of rival parties appear in the same place, each claiming credit for the same initiative.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12365975", "title": "Jailed Naxals to go on hunger strike", "text": "NAGPUR: The rebels, lodged in Nagpur central jail for their alleged involvement in the Naxal movement, have decided to observe March 23 later this week as the 'Political Prisoner's Day' on the death anniversary of Bhagat Singh , Sukhdeo and Rajguru.The Naxal prisoners also plan to observe a hunger strike on the day demanding immediate release of political prisoners and against the trend of rearresting those released, from the jail gate. Apart from jails in Vidarbha, the Naxal prisoners in rest of the state and in states like Andhra Pradesh, would also participate in the hunger strike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12364728", "title": "Hillary Clinton for 2016 presidency: US senator", "text": "WASHINGTON: Secretary of state, Hillary Clinton , would be the best Democratic Party candidate to run for presidency in 2016, a top US Senator has said.\"I think she would be incredibly well-poised to be our next Democratic president,\" Kirsten Gilliband, the New York Senator, told BuzzFeed, an internet site, in an interview.Gillibrand had replaced Clinton as the New York Senator after the later was appointed as the secretary of state in the Obama Administration.Time and again Clinton has said that she would not run for presidency and would go into private life after her current stint as the Secretary of State.She has also said that she would not be occupying this post in the second term of the Obama Administration.In her interview, Gillibrand said that she would ask Clinton to run for presidency in 2016.\"I'm going to be one of the first to ask Hillary to run in 2016,\" Gillibrand told BuzzFeed, saying she \"certainly hope[s]\" Clinton will run for president.Clinton, the former First Lady and the ex-Senator from New York, had unsuccessfully ran the Democratic Party presidential primary in 2008 elections, which she lost to her current boss, Barack Obama .\"I think she's extremely well prepared. I think her experience as Secretary of State has not only elevated her stature and experience, but she's proven she's someone who can get things done and I think she'd be an outstanding candidate,\" Gillibrand said.In the interview, Gillibrand described Clinton as her political role model.\"When she was the first lady, she went to China and she made her famous speech about women's rights where she said women's rights are human rights and human rights are women's rights.\"It really inspired me to get more active in Democratic politics,\" she said.\"I thought, if wanted to ever be on that stage with her, I'd have to get involved in politics,\" Gillibrand said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12362709", "title": "Cardiac arrest kills teacher on the job", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Ashok Patel, 51, who was on duty as a moderator for the psychology paper in HSC (general) stream died at the central assessment centre at Krishna Vidyalaya, Bapunagar on Wednesday. He died of a massive heart attack.Patel, who was a teacher at JD High School, was working as a moderator at the centre since March 14. On Wednesday, he suddenly suffered pain in the chest, high palpitation and heavy perspiration and collapsed.The teachers on paper assessment duty tried to revive him and also called 108 emergency service. But, the medical personnel declared him dead.The teachers were shocked to see him die in a matter of seconds in front of their eyes as all of them were involved in the paper checking. Eye-witnesses said that Patel was a committed teacher and was known for responsible services.\"Even as most able teachers refrain from assessment work, a teacher died on the job assessing papers. Such was his commitment not only to the job, but also to the students,\" said a teacher.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-22"}
